Fag | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog Fag Home Brands Fag Group: Schaeffler The Schaeffler Group is an integrated supplier worldwide, one of the leaders in the Automotive and Industrial sector. The Group stands out for the highest quality, excellent technology and high innovative strength. The Schaeffler Group makes a significant contribution in the area of ​​tomorrow's mobility with precision components, engine systems, transmissions and chassis, as well as with rolling bearing and plain bearing solutions for numerous industrial applications. In 2016, the Group generated a turnover of approximately 13.3 billion euros and, with approximately 86,600 employees worldwide, Schaeffler is one of the largest technology companies owned by a family in the world and has, with approximately 170 factories in 50 Countries, a global network of production sites, research and development services and commercial companies. Schaeffler Italia is the Italian branch of the Schaeffler Group and markets the INA, FAG and LuK brand products for industrial and automotive applications on the Italian market. Schaeffler Italia's origins date back to the year 1961 when the Italian INA was founded in Milan. INA Rullini was born in 1964, whose seat was elected in Momo, in the province of Novara. Already in 1949 Dr. Georg Schaeffler was thinking creatively, who together with his brother Wilhelm had founded the company in 1946 and from which the Group takes its name today. The idea of ​​the needle cage, a pioneering innovation, has allowed needle roller bearings to become a reliable component in industrial applications. The FAG brand also started with a brilliant idea. It was 1883 when Friedrich Fischer invented the ball grinding machine, laying the foundations for the entire rolling bearing industry. The innovative spirit is still a dominant component of our corporate culture. Highly qualified engineers develop ever new and future-oriented solutions in close collaboration with customers. Schaeffler Italia is an increasingly important point of reference in precision engineering and a development and design partner. Actively collaborates with its customers starting from the initial stages of system development. The Industrial Division currently supplies more than 160,000 items which, even with customized solutions, cover applications in over 60 industrial sectors. The Automotive Division, through its INA, FAG and LuK branded products, is the leader in the supply of engine components, transmission systems and chassis. With the original INA, FAG and LuK spare parts and complete service performances, Automotive Aftermarket is a reliable partner to guarantee the quality and origin of spare parts for the automotive industry. Important Customers in these sectors rely on the professionalism and service of Schaeffler Italia, which also has a highly efficient Linear Center for the processing of shafts and for the cutting and assembly of linear guides. Does the Momo site also host one of the most advanced production plants belonging to the Schaeffler Group? Schaeffler Water Pump Bearing Italia S.r.l. ? where water pump bearings are produced which are used in the automotive industry and for which the Schaeffler Group is recognized as a leader at European and world level Fag Catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion helmet Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan STC Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search for a service or store de gregorio raffaele Service Giadi DE GREGORIO RAFFAELEVIA ROTABLE TILE TURRO PASTENA, 13 / A, MENSA LUBA (NA) Details Service Giadi GO TO MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 Read more Follow us on Your reviews Excellent fantastic people Chiara77 - agarossi danio The best independent quality We made a group for to be big, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts