Metelli | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog Metelli Home Brands Metelli Group: Metelli WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT US Over 50 years ago, Metelli Group was just a small mechanical workshop. Today, we manufacture over 13,000 spare parts distributed in 90 countries. We build brakes and hydraulic components, water pumps, transmissions and engine parts, with the meticulousness for which Italy is famous. Maybe because we are Italian, or because we were born with a passion for the automotive world. Who knows? All that really matters is the quality of our spare parts. And this is something we never forget. ANOTHER THING we truly build our spare parts, now with 6 different brands. Being therefore responsible for the production chain, we have the advantage of guaranteeing and monitoring the safety and reliability of each component we produce. This means that you can rely on us for the supply of spare parts and that you can put your full trust on every spare part produced by us. THE MOST DEMANDING MARKET, OUT THERE. We are proud to say that 90% of our business is supported from the professional after-market. And we continue to supply spare parts to the OEM market. We offer fast service all over the world and we always try to respect the local distribution chain wherever we go. AND TOMORROW? As after-market specialists, we are good at looking beyond our noses. This has allowed us to grow sustainably for over half a century. For example, we constantly invest in research and development and in the technology necessary for advanced production processes. Since we design many products, we also have many patents. We offer first class technical support and we have customer managers dedicated to each of our product areas. So, we will continue to deal with everything with this approach, regardless of what the future has in store for us. STORIAMetelli was born on August 1, 1962. In 1970, the company transformed itself from a mechanical design workshop into a manufacturer of engine parts . Since 1975, the series included components for hydraulic brakes and clutches. The year 1991 marks the creation of a production line for constant speed joints. Eight years later the production line is extended to include the axle shafts. In 1996, Metelli merged with Cifam, a company set up to make brake parts and hydraulic clutches. In July 2001, Metelli Group acquires 100% of GRAF Co, a well-known manufacturer of water pumps and brake discs for the automotive industry. To complete the braking range, the production of brake pads and brake shoes was integrated in 2008 and 2010. In 2015, Metelli Group acquires two even more important brake component manufacturers: Trusting and Fri.Tech. The group today boasts six different product brands, thanks to which it is able to meet the challenges of the next 50 years.OUR BUSINESSWe export our products to over 90 countries all over the world, in the five continents: Europe, Africa, Asia , America and Oceania. This makes us a particularly competent manufacturer and allows us to meet the needs of different markets, maintaining the integrity and reliability that has always distinguished us. Our clientele is varied and ranges from independent after-market (I.A.M.), to assistance of original equipment (OES) and to original equipment manufacturers (OEM). Metelli Catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan STC Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search a service or a store Cristian Service Giadi OFFICINA TROIANI sncVia G. Pascoli, 10, CERASOLO AUSA CORIANO (RN) Details Service Giadi GO TO THE MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 Read more Follow us on Your reviews Thank you Danio for your courtesy and professionalism MarcoLondero - agarossi danio The best independent quality We have teamed up to be great, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts