Valeo | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Valeo Blog Home Valeo Brands Group: Valeo Valeo service is the multi-specialist that serves both car manufacturers and the independent market with accessories for cars and commercial vehicles.Valeo Service serves all aftermarket channels all over the world with a wide range of car accessories (ERG valves, brushes windscreen wipers, brake pads and discs ...), products and services to support aftermarket professionals, to ensure greater safety, comfort and a unique driving experience. Valeo Service also offers innovative tools and services such as disagnosi, training and marketing and sales support for workshops and distributors in more than 150 countries worldwide. Valeo Catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan STC Trw UFI filters ZF Search a service or a F.lli Sacco snc store Service AD ​​F.lli Sacco sncVia Gallone, 9, AGRATE CONTURBIA (NO) Details Service AD ​​GO TO MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog News from the world AD Europe - December 19 Updates and news from the world AD Europe Read more Follow us on Your reviews Thank you Danio for your courtesy and professionalism MarcoLondero - agarossi danio The best independent quality We have teamed up to be great, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts