Helmet | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why join us Contact us Promotions Blog Helmet Home Brands Helmet Group: Helmet Founded in 2006, Casco Spa was born with an ambitious project, carried out with commitment and determination: to create a leading company in the Aftermarket sector. The studies and attention dedicated to the sector of reference and the constantly renewed commitment to respond promptly to the evolution of the market have allowed, over time, the company to gain an important leadership in the sector. The Casco brand is today a synonym of quality and reliability in the distribution of alternators and motors for different sectors such as l? automotive, nautical, earthmoving, agricultural and industrial vehicles, both in Europe and worldwide. Since its establishment, the company has pursued a single goal: to make available to customers the widest and widest range of product codes and market references. A few years after its foundation, Casco s.p.a. can offer a series of over 10,000 different codes, as well as more than 1,200,000 comparative references. The secrets of our success, in four points: - Quality, ensured by constant collaboration with the major suppliers in the sector, selected from the world's leading manufacturers OE and OES. These include the Japanese group «Mitsubishi Electric» and «JTekt». The high reliability of our products guarantees among the lowest percentages of assistance and guarantee in the sector. - Visibility, to guarantee the best customer service, Casco srl is engaged on several fronts, ensuring the presence of the complete range of products in the reference sector, such as "TecDoc" and "Inforicambi". We give our customers the opportunity to access the online catalog, where you can find information and comparative references, as well as buy the products in a few clicks, thanks to an innovative e-commerce platform. We have always been present at the most prestigious international fairs in the Aftermarket sector, such as "Automechanika Frankfurt", the Parisian "Equipe Auto", "Rematec" in Amsterdam and Autopromotec "in Bologna. - Determination, essential quality to achieve important awards, such as the certification of the balance sheet by "PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A.", among the four most important companies in the world in the sector, as well as the UNI ISO 9001 quality certification for all business processes. - Dedication, constancy in commitment and firmness of purpose have allowed us to face the development of the company and its insertion in the market with optimism. Only the great and indispensable support guaranteed by collaborators and partners made it possible to achieve the set objectives, thus building a solid foundation for a future full of successes. Helmet Catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan STC Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search a service or a store car repair shop luck Service Giadi CAR WORKSHOP FORTUNA DI MARIOTTI DANILOVIA DEL RIO 1, PONTICELLA SAN LAZZARO DI SAVENA (BO) Details Service Giadi GO TO MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog News from the world AD Europe - December 19 Updates and news from the world AD Europe Read more Follow us on Your reviews thanks Sandro, for the assistance. Chiara77 - burlin auto center The best independent quality We have teamed up to be large, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts