To Giadi | AD Italia and Giadi Group - The union that makes the network Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot your password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog Italian experience, European vision The network with extra savings, quality and reliability our workshops use only original spare parts and / or equivalent to the originals in full compliance with RE EU ​​461 / 2010z ALWAYS WITH YOU Tell me more Are you a motorist? Trust our network to have qualified and competent workshops covering the whole national territory, guaranteeing you a professional and high-performance service with spare parts of the best brands. Why choose us Are you a workshop? The network designed to be close to your business that offers you quality services, constant support, indispensable tools, specialized training courses, and much more. Why join Why choose us? excellent reasons to choose our workshops Advantageous costs Compared to the dealers of the parent company. Recognized guarantee All protections are maintained, and you do not risk anything. Reliable spare parts Spare parts chosen from the best brands in the world. Compliance with regulations Original quality spare parts in compliance with EU 461/2010 regulations. Feedback Ability to review and / or consult the reviews of other motorists on their experience at our services. or Contact us A little about us Blog 09 Dec 2019 AD Europe news - December 19 of AD International Updates and news from the AD Europe world Read all Quick quote Request for your car Follow us on Your reviews Thanks Danio for the courtesy and professionalism MarcoLondero - agarossi danio From our network All Services AD Services Giadi Stores Distributors from pier Service Giadi DA PIER DI DALLARI PIEROVia F. Kennedy, 18 / A, CASTELNOVO NE 'MONTI (RE) Details Service Giadi AMD snc Partner AD AMD snc Via Repubblica 16, Cesano Boscone (MI) Partner Details AD MiglionicoMichele Distributor Miglionico Michele Auto Parts & LubricantsVia Campo di Rato (ZI), 33, Satriano di Lucania (PZ) Details Distributor garage pierre Service Giadi AUTOFFICINA PIERREVia Xella, 13, IMOLA (BO) Details Service Giadi NEW PRABO Service AT A NEW WORKSHOP NEW PRABOVIA STICCHI 2 / A, TOLENTINO (MC) Details Service AD ​​CANGINI Service AD ​​CANGINI LIBERO @ WILLIAMVIA CARRAIA MAD ONNINA 11/13, RAVENNA (RA) Details Service AD ​​We give the numbers Distributorgroup 0 PartnerAD 0 StoresGiadi 0 ServicesAD 0 ServicesGiadi 0 The best independent quality We have teamed up to be large, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts