Bosch | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog Bosch Home Brands Bosch Group: Bosch Bosch spare parts: quality you can rely on confidently Many car manufacturers rely on Bosch for the original equipment of their vehicles. In the same way, workshops and motorists choose Bosch quality when they need spare parts: from modern lighting systems to brake systems, long-lasting batteries, quality wipers, cabin filters that reduce pollutants to much more. Bosch offers everything that makes every trip safer and more comfortable for motorists. Bosch spare parts are characterized by quality, reliability and technological innovation. Before moving to series production, all Bosch products must meet extremely stringent requirements. Bosch Catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Castrol Champion Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan STC Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search a service or a zangari stefano store Service AD ​​ZANGARI STEFANO ROAD AID Via M.Buonarroti, 13/15, CINQUEFRONDI (RC) Details Service AD ​​GO TO MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 Read all Follow us on Your reviews have been broken down and Franco has been proverbial Chiara77 - domenichini franco The best independent quality We have teamed up to be great, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts