Sidat | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why affiliate Contact us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog Sidat Home Brands Sidat Group: a SIDAT Group Business Our history The history of S.I.D.A.T. Group began in 1990 in a factory, just over 250 square meters in size, based in Vinovo. The fusion of skills and experience deriving from the sectors of electromechanical, electronic components and automotive air conditioning has allowed us to broaden our views by founding the SIDAT, KRIOS brands for the distribution of Air Conditioning components and acquiring the FISPA brand. several exclusive agreements have been entered into with global OE - First Plant suppliers such as Bitron, Freudenberg (MicronAir) and other important partners at the forefront of the panorama of reference, represented for us an important national and international expansion, a considerable expansion of the product range and two transfers in increasingly large complexes. Our quality policy and our attention to service delivery have led us to achieve the UNI EN ISO certification (initially 9001: 2000 and 9001: 2008 today), to set up a SpA and to become part of the Tec Doc catalog, international database / platform of the aftermarket channel. In 2015 S.I.D.A.T. Group celebrates 25 years of activity, a symbol of a solid, reliable and prospective reality. The factory is spread over an area of ​​12,000 square meters of which over 6,000 covered square meters are intended for warehouses and offices. Vision and missionWe have the components of all the cars in the world! We want to be or become the trusted partner for the supply of the components necessary to guarantee quality, completeness and efficiency. The primary objective is to satisfy all our customers and, every day, we work hard to achieve it: all the S.I.D.A.T. Group, in fact, work closely together to respond promptly to different requests.We are a young company, open and attentive to internal and external needs and in this perspective we aim for continuous improvement in terms of service, punctuality, reliability and expansion of the range to grow with you! Sidat Catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Spidan STC Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search a service or a store IANNICIELLO SERVICE Service IN IANNICIELLO SERVICEc.da barricella, 20, GROTTAMINARDA (AV) Service Details GO TO THE QUOTE Quick quote Request for your car From the blog ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 Read more Follow us on Le Your reviews have been broken down and Franco has been proverbial Chiara77 - domenichini franco The best independent quality We have teamed up to be great, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts