NTN-SNR | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog NTN-SNR Home Brands NTN- SNR Group: NTN-SNR NTN SNR EUROPE, a leader in precision engineering NTN SNR EUROPE is a world leader for bearings, constant-velocity joints, linear modules, distribution rollers, suspension parts, and associated training and services. NTN SNR EUROPE designs, develops, and manufactures its products. NTN and SNR brands are references, both in the OEM markets as well as in the aftermarket. Innovation is at the heart of our concerns, regardless of your industry: aerospace, automotive, cement plant, wind energy, rail, machine tools, textile machinery, agricultural machinery, construction machinery, mines and quarries, vacuum pumps, steel industry, etc. NTN SNR EUROPE is committed to global solutions (Product Life Cycle Management). Our customized offer (from design to storage), integrates maintenance, training, and all the services that optimize the performance of the product within its application. NTN-SNR Catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan STC Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search a service or store Magicar Snc Service AD ​​Magicar SncViale Isonzo 86, Rozzano (Mi) Details Service AD ​​GO TO THE MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog AD World news - December 19 Updates and news from the AD Europe world Read more Follow us on Your reviews Excellent fantastic people Chiara77 - agarossi danio The best independent quality We have teamed up to be large, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts