Quote for your car | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog Home Estimate for your car and / o Mechanic Request a quote for the service or for the maintenance of your car. Avanti Bodywork Request a quote for bodywork for your car. Avanti Gommista Request a quote for changing your car tires. Next Bodywork Description of intervention Spare parts type Only original parts Only compatible parts Indifferent Time required Information only Immediately Within a month You must be registered and you must be logged in to send the quote. Tire Specialist What do you want? Tire change only (I own the tires that I will give to the tire dealer) Tire purchase and tire change Other services Width Height Radius Speed ​​category Q (160 km / h) R (170 km / h) S (180 km / h) T (190 km / h) H (210 km / h) VR (> 210 km / h) V (240 km / h) ZR (> 240 km / h) Y (300 km / h) You must be registered and you must be logged in to send the quote. Mechanic Additional information What do you want? Urgent estimate Non-urgent estimate Km at the time of request Coupon Various checks Interior filter Air filter Fuel filter Oil filter Engine oil Fluid refilling Brakes Discs / Jaws Front pads Rear pads Suspension Front suspension Rear suspension Clutch and flywheel Clutch Flywheel Distribution kit Belts / Chains Auxiliary belts Water pump Belt tensioner Overhaul Mini-overhaul You must be registered and you must be logged in to send the quote. The best independent quality We have teamed up to be large, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts