NGK | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog NGK Home Brands NGK Group: NGK NGK Spark Plug Europe - a European company with Japanese roots NGK Spark Plug Europe GmbH coordinates all the European activities of the Japanese group NGK Spark Plug Co., Ltd .: the parent company of the company is located in Nagoya, Japan. The group is represented worldwide with numerous commercial branches, production plants and technical centers. One of the four NGK companies in Europe NGK Spark Plug Europe is responsible for the business for the whole of Europe, with the exception of the markets of France and Great Britain, in which autonomous companies operate. Complete the picture, the production of spark plugs in France, fourth company on the continent, also autonomous. Areas of activity of NGK Spark Plug Europe Automotive Components Spark plugs, glow plugs, sensors and cables spark plugs for the automotive sector NTK Cutting Tools Cutting tools and technical ceramics for the distribution of energy NTK Technical Ceramics Technical ceramics for the automotive industry semiconductors and the telecommunications sector NGK Catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan STC Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search for a service or store pozza maurizio Service Giadi POZZA MAURIZIOVIA UMBERTO II 100, Arcugnano (VI) Details Service Giadi GO TO MAP Fast estimate Request for your car From the blog News from the world AD Europe - December 19 Updates and news from the world of AD Europe Read more Follow us on Your reviews thanks Sandro, for the assistance. Chiara77 - burlin auto center The best independent quality We have teamed up to be large, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts