STC | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why join us Promotions Blog STC Home Brands STC Group: STC STC is specialized in spare parts in rubber, metal, rubber-metal and plastics and established in the European Aftermarket market. The company is strongly present in Spain, Portugal and Italy, and has an important component export business, a sector currently expanding with the consequent European spread of the STC brand. In this regard, STC is strengthening its brand in the markets of Morocco, Algeria and Israel. The company's mission is to serve its customers quickly and effectively, anticipating the needs of the sector, closely monitoring the quality of the products and the service rendered, with a constant commitment that aims to improve performance. The company has large stocks of goods, thanks to its large warehouses, with a vast assortment for national, European and Asian cars. All products are equivalent for the originals from the quality point of view, and STC currently has over 8,000 references in various catalogs: metal, rubber and cables. STC is a company with a long history, in which a team of employees works with great experience in the automotive aftermarket sector. However, the company's attention is always focused on the future and innovative technologies. For this reason, a corporate reorganization phase and large investments in technological innovation are underway, which will open a new season and allow it to present itself to the new markets as a streamlined and efficient company, ready to face the challenges that the future present. STC Catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search a service or a store Modern Engines of Furci Davide Service AD ​​Modern Engines of Furci Davide Via pollak 16, Pavia (PV) Details Service AD ​​GO TO MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog World news AD Europe - December 19 Updates and news from AD Europe world Read more Follow us on Your reviews Excellent fantastic people Chiara77 - agarossi danio The best independent quality We have teamed up to be great, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts