UFI filters | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog UFI filters Home Brands UFI filters Group : Ufi filters UFI FILTERS is the brand that identifies the filtration solutions developed by the UFI FILTERS spa Group for the Aftermarket market in the automotive (car, off-road, motorcycle, truck) and non-automotive (agricultural machinery, marine engines, compressors, industrial machines) and for earth moving such as: forklifts, construction machines and mining equipment). The brand dedicated to independent spare parts bears the same name as the filter systems designed and studied for Original Equipment (OEM) and for Formula 1 stables. The same levels of innovation, quality and technological know-how implemented for Original Equipment are present in the products offered and distributed in the Aftermarket. UFI FILTERS responds to the complex and diversified needs of the network of independent spare parts thanks to the values, organization and objectives of the Group to which it belongs: dedicated sales team; attention to product quality; strong international presence and supervision of the territory guaranteed by the quality of the distribution network; ever-increasing presence in the OEM (First Plant) and OES (Original Spare Parts) markets; clear and shared commercial strategy with the Distribution network; innovative marketing and multilevel communication; constant promotional activities alongside Distribution network; technical-commercial documentation spec ifica; loyalty programs for spare parts dealers; technical support for spare parts dealers / workshops; high level of internationalization of sales. UFI filters catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan STC Trw Valeo ZF Search a service or a brunelli auto repair shop Service BRUNELLI DI BRUNELLI FEDERICOVIA PIOXII 76B, CAMPAGNOLA DI ZEVIO (VR) Details Service AD ​​GO TO MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 Read more Follow us on Your reviews Excellent fantastic people Chiara77 - agarossi danio The best independent quality We have teamed up to be large, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts