Multi-station fuel card | HybridCard For a better user experience on this website, please use another browser such as Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox. X Gas & Electricity Heating oil HybridCard Customer area Blog nl Discover the stations The first hybrid fuel card Combine refueling and electric charge Discover our stations Accepted in two out of three service stations Click here to view the map showing all the service stations allowing to combine full of fuel and electric recharge. 1,850 service stations and more than 1,000 charging stations. Petrol and electricity The first fuel card that combines full classics and recharges for electric cars. An attractive fixed reduction With the HybridCard, you not only fill up on a large network, but you can also count on an attractive fixed reduction. Or how to kill two birds with one stone! HybridCard Benelux This card gives access to 10,000 charging stations and 3,500 service stations in Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg. HybridCard The HybridCard is the very first fuel card and 2-in-1 top-up. Whether to fill up in the traditional way or to charge your electric car, this card takes care of everything. The HybridCard gives you access to 1,850 petrol stations of the OCTA +, Esso, Lukoil, Q8, Texaco, Avia, Gabriëls, G&V, Maes, Power brands and to the entire DCB network. You can therefore refuel at an advantageous price in a very extensive network of service stations. With the HybridCard Benelux, you can also refuel at 1,700 service stations in the Netherlands and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. You will therefore always find a petrol station nearby! Find out on the map where the nearest petrol station is located to refuel at an attractive price. Request an offer Charging stations in Belgium and abroad The rechargeable electric or hybrid car is the future of the automobile. And the HybridCard is preparing you for it today. The electric or plug-in hybrid car is the future of the automobile. And the HybridCard is preparing you for it today. Have you bought an electric car that you use for your business trips? The range of electric cars is still limited and is often not always enough to cover long distances or make various short trips several times a day. Fortunately, you have access to a vast network of charging stations where you can fully charge the battery of your electric car. More than 10,000 charging stations distributed across the Benelux territory accept the HybridCard. We group all fuel expenses on a single, clear and sufficiently detailed invoice. The management and processing of fuel purchase tickets does not are no small task. This is why we record all transactions on a single invoice, possibly per driver, license plate or card number. And as invoices are established in a state of the art, your company can easily recover VAT. You also have your fuel bills everywhere and anytime via our customer area. Thanks to our bills, you also keep a perfect view and control of all your fuel costs. Last advantage of this card, the " split billing ”allows you to invoice your employer for the electric recharges you carry out at home for your company car (electric or hybrid). Discover the stations Find the nearest service station. Request an offer © OCTA + 2020 Privacy policy Contact Rates & docs Jobs File 1