Privacy Policy - Octa + General privacy policy Specific privacy policy FAQ Contact us Fr Nl Introduction For us, the protection and confidentiality of our customers' data is very important. This is why we want to inform you about the information we collect, and the reasons why you can manage and exercise control over it, as well as what we do with it, in accordance with the legislation in force on Protection of private life. We also insist on explaining this policy in human language if necessary. In order to better understand all of this, we have adjusted our privacy policy. Print and / or save as pdf file Privacy Policy General Clause Explanation 1. Introduction 1.1This Charter describes how and when OCTA + (also called “we” or “us”) will process your data and personal information when using our website . This website is available at https://www.octaplus.be and https://www.yourprivacy.be, and also includes any subsite or application managed by or on behalf of OCTA + (respectively the "services", "products" or "Site (s)" of OCTA +). OCTA + has different websites through which it offers information, products and / or services to (potential) customers. When these (potential) customers wish to access this information or wish to use these products or services, they are bound by this Charter. If you have any questions about how OCTA + processes your personal data, please also see the Frequently Asked Questions, published below. 1.2The terms of this Charter form an integral part of the General Conditions of this website https://www.octaplus.be and, if you have also concluded a contract with OCTA + for the delivery of one or more products or services, to conditions of this contract. In addition to this Charter, the general conditions of use of these sites also apply. This Charter is an inextricable part of the general conditions which are available via the specified hypertext links. If the user requests OCTA + a quote, or concludes a contract with OCTA + for the supply of one or more products and / or services relating to energy, it is also necessary to take into account the additional contractual provisions which apply for such product or service. 1.3 Other additional conditions relating to specific products or services are listed in Part B below. 2. The role and responsibility of OCTA + 2.1 Any reference in this Charter for OCTA + includes a reference to all companies belonging to the OCTA + group, in which reference is made to the Binding Business Rules. The OCTA + group is made up of several companies that provide mutual support services of a commercial or administrative nature. None of these companies will use your personal data for purposes other than those specified in the Charter which applies to the company to which you have provided your personal information. 2.2 By completing and sending a registration form, or by sending an e-mail to OCTA +, you authorize OCTA + to store your personal data on OCTA + systems and to process them in accordance with the provisions of this Charter. 3. General 3.1 By visiting our website or using the services provided by OCTA +, you acknowledge and agree that your personal data will be collected and / or processed for the purpose of providing personalized services as described in this Charter. 3.2 We have taken steps to ensure that your personal data is protected from unauthorized access, deletion or modification. We will make reasonable efforts to protect your privacy interests in accordance with applicable laws and best practices. 4. Nature of personal data processed by OCTA + 4.1 We may also process data related to your personal interests, such as those provided by you during the registration process or otherwise. This information includes your full name, address and email address, telephone number, national identification number, and - if applicable - your company name and capacity. You always have the option to indicate that you no longer wish to receive such information. These data allow us to better assist you and to offer products and services that may be of interest to you. 4.2 We also collect and process the data collected during your use of our site (s) (navigation). This data may include the date and time of your visit (if time stamp), the type of browser you are using, include your IP address and the pages visited. OCTA + uses this information to check for possible fraud and take action if necessary. 4.3OCTA + also processes additional data that identifies or makes you identifiable. For example, OCTA + creates one or more customer numbers for each customer, as an example. These customer numbers have different purposes. For example, we use this number to easily identify you for billing purposes, or if you have questions or comments about our services, invoices or invoices. This information is only used by OCTA + and is communicated to you, and is not made available to third parties. 4.4OCTA + may also collect data of a non-personal nature, such as the type of browser or IP address, the operating system you use or the domain name of the website from which you come on the respective website or by which you leave it. This data is only used by OCTA + to obtain additional information on the use made by its customers of the website (s) concerned, in order to improve functionality and user experience. OCTA + wants to offer its users the best possible experience, also in the field of online services. For these reasons, we anonymously analyze how our users use our websites and applications, so that we can operate them optimally at all times. 5. Objectives of the processing of personal data by OCTA + 5.1OCTA + concludes contracts with natural or legal persons, which must be able to be identified in accordance with the applicable legal provisions. The processing of the above data is necessary for the drafting of a contract for the supply of gas, electricity and / or fuel oil, or the provision of services within the framework of mobility, as published on the website (s) website (s) where applicable, to authenticate you as a client / user of the OCTA + website; If you also transfer your e-mail address, OCTA + uses this information to communicate to you the information necessary for the performance of your contract (s) with OCTA +, more particularly to send you invoices, advances, final declarations, requests meter reading, etc. It is essential for OCTA + to obtain complete and correct contact details of the people with whom we conclude contracts, on the one hand to help you the best, and on the other hand to avoid rather administrative problems. If you use OCTA + online services, you must select a user name and password. This combination allows OCTA + to identify you as a customer for a certain OCTA + product or service. Depending on the product or service, you may have different user names. You can also tell OCTA + that this email address can be used to receive additional energy information, newsletters, etc. 5.2 Certain data that can be considered as personal data, such as customer number, invoice number, etc., may be generated by OCTA +. This data will only be processed by OCTA + in the context of the execution of your contract (s) with OCTA +. 6. Transfer of personal data to third parties 6.1OCTA + will transmit your personal data and make it available to other companies belonging to the OCTA + group, listed in the Binding Business Rules. This transfer and this availability are however limited to the treatment strictly necessary within the framework of the delivery of the energy products or services that you buy from OCTA +, including for administrative management, the provision of information to customer service, etc. 6.2 Unless you have given your express consent, your personal data will not be used for promotional purposes. 6.3 In the present case, when the delivery of the product or service concerned requires it, or as part of the technical, administrative or financial monitoring of your file, your personal data may be transferred and processed to one or more third parties. OCTA + has concluded a separate contract with these companies, in which the processing of personal data is explicitly regulated and the possible exercise of the rights of data subjects has been included. 6.4 In addition, in accordance with the legal provisions in this regard, your personal data will be transferred to government agencies, distribution system operators, etc. This transfer is part of the legal and contractual obligations of OCTA + as an electricity and gas supplier. 7. No transfer of personal data to third parties for promotional purposes 7.1 Unless OCTA + has obtained your express prior consent, we will not transmit your personal data to third parties for promotional purposes. 8. Technical security measures 8.1 We take reasonable measures to provide you with information with protection against loss, theft, abuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, as indicated in our General Conditions, you explicitly recognize and accept that, in general, the transfer of information via the Internet is never completely secure, private or confidential. Consequently, all the information transmitted to the site or received from the site, by email, or delivered using the services of OCTA + can be intercepted, deciphered, made accessible and / or used by third parties, even if we use technology encryption. 9. Code of conduct for OCTA + - employees 9.1Some employees of OCTA + have access to your personal data mentioned above, in this context, they are bound by a strict code of conduct. This code of conduct includes: commitment to the confidentiality of personal data to which they have access in the context of their mission; the obligation to process personal data only in the exercise of their functions; respecting the legal provisions. 10. Right to correction, resistance, change of data and restriction of processing 10.1OCTA + gives you the opportunity to exercise your right to correction, opposition, exchange of data and / or restriction the processing of personal data for the various products and services we offer. 10.2 If you are a registered user of the services provided by OCTA +, you can modify, update or modify your personal information that you have provided to us in the customer area, using your user profile, if necessary. 10.3 Unless otherwise agreed, all press information collected on the Site or the services provided by OCTA + will be automatically deleted after a period of ten years after the end of the agreement between you and OCTA +. Your data will be archived for at least the legal period. 10.4 The exercise of these rights can be carried out as follows: in writing: by sending a registered letter to OCTA + Energie NV / SA, Schaarbeeklei 600, 1800 Vilvoorde, indicating the rights you wish to exercise, and with a copy of your card 'identity (front and back); electronic: as long as you have a username and password with which you have access to an OCTA + client environment, you can correct or adjust certain data in this client environment or specify certain processing limitations; if you want to delete data or request certain restrictions on the processing of personal data which are not supported by the customer environment concerned, you can send them by the central portal of OCTA +, available via https: // www. yourprivacy.be/fr/octaplus. OCTA + will only be able to fulfill the exercise of your rights within the framework of privacy legislation if we can identify you. This is the case on the one hand when you are a registered user of our website. If you are not a registered user of the Site, or wish to exercise your rights without using the site, we ask you to provide a copy of your identity card, which gives us enough comfort for us to make available to you personal data to the right person. 10.5 Exercise one or more rights above: for an OCTA + product or service will not necessarily have an effect on the processing of your data in the context of the use of another OCTA + product or service. If you wish to implement this change or correction for one or more other OCTA + products or services, you should repeat this request one or more times; may in certain cases be refused or limited in whole or in part, which will be justified by the answer, if necessary, by referring to the Frequently Asked Questions (legal retention periods, processing essential within the framework of execution of the contract, ...); may, in certain cases, lead to the total or partial suspension or termination of the contractual relationship with regard to the provision of such a service or such a product. 11. Cookies 11.1 We may use information about you to personalize and improve the services of OCTA + and to offer content or functions corresponding to the profiles or interests of users and to monitor and analyze trends, uses and activities related to services from OCTA +. We use different technologies to collect information, including the sending of cookies to your computer or device. 11.2 Cookies are small data files stored in the device memory and allow us to improve OCTA + services, web experience and usage, to see which areas and features of popular services provided by OCTA + and number of visits. 11.3OCTA + uses both functional and analytical cookies. 11.4 functional cookies are essential for the use of our site, as they beat user preferences, among other things. These are not shared with third parties. Analytical cookies help us improve our site by giving us information about how users interact with our site, such as the number of website visitors, the pages they visit and the time spent on the site. These cookies do not collect information identifying a visitor. 11.5 All the information collected by these cookies is aggregated and therefore anonymous. 11.6 We may also collect information with "analytical cookies". These electronic technologies in the images that can be used by OCTA + services or emails and help deliver cookies, the number of visits, an overview of the use and effectiveness of the campaign and determine whether a The mail was opened and processed. 11.7 With most Internet browsers, you can delete cookies from your hard drive, refuse cookies or receive a warning before installing a cookie. See the instructions or help function of your Internet browser for more details, or visit www.allaboutcookies.com. 11.8 Please note that if you choose to block, delete or refuse cookies, this may affect the availability and functionality of the website and the services provided by OCTA +. 12. Questions and complaints 12.1If you still have questions about how we use your personal data, if you wish to consult, correct, update or delete your personal data or if you wish to file a complaint, please contact the team privacy policy of OCTA + via privacy@octaplus.be. You can access, modify, or request a restriction on your personal data, or make a request by sending a written request, dated and signed, with a copy of your identity card (front and back) to the privacy team by e-mail: privacy@octaplus.be. In this case, you can file a complaint with the Belgian Data Protection Authority: Hallepoort / Hallepoort, 5-8, 1060 Brussels. OCTA + must ensure that the person who contacts us to exercise one of the rights set out in the GDPR is the person concerned, in order to avoid identity fraud. 13. Modifications 13.1OCTA + has the right to revise the content of this Charter. In addition to the fact that these changes will be announced on the respective OCTA + website (s), OCTA + may send an additional notification and / or post an announcement on the site or in the customer area. We encourage you to review the latest version of this Policy when you visit the OCTA + website to stay informed of our processing operations and how we protect your data, and you can protect your personal data. Privacy Policy Specific Clause Explanation FAQ What data is processed by OCTA +? When you conclude a contract with OCTA + for the delivery of energy products or services in this same context, OCTA + requires certain personal data from you. This information is necessary so that we can make you an offer and, if you wish, conclude a contract with you. This personal data includes in particular: your name, first name, address, e-mail address, national register number, EAN number of your gas and electricity meter. For what purposes is this data used by OCTA +? Your personal data will only be used by OCTA + within the framework of the customer-supplier relationship, OCTA +, as a supplier of energy products and services, processes your data under the contract or contracts concluded with OCTA +. Since OCTA + wishes to present you with the best offer at all times, we use your data to send you commercial offers which are part of the main activities of OCTA + and of companies which belong to the OCTA + group. How can I modify or correct my personal data? Changes or corrections to your personal data can be communicated via the OCTA + customer portal. OCTA + has also developed a specific website allowing data subjects to exercise their rights under the general regulations on data processing, including: the right to information; the right of access; the right to correction; the right to object or "the right to limit the processing of personal data"; the "right to be forgotten"; the right to transfer data. This site is accessible via https://www.yourprivacy.be How can I exercise my "right to limit the processing of personal data" or "right to object"? This can be done simply via the OCTA + customer portal, where you can indicate for what purposes OCTA + can process your personal data. Alternatively: via the specific website set up by OCTA +, available via the URL https://www.yourprivacy.be. How can I exercise my "right to be forgotten"? To exercise your "right to be forgotten", OCTA + has set up a specific website, available via the URL https://www.yourprivacy.be. Please note that the exercise of your "right to be forgotten" is limited to processing operations for which OCTA + has no legal obligation to process your personal data. For example, OCTA + will have to keep the invoices or provisional advances that will be sent to you during the legal time limits for keeping archives, and OCTA + may process your personal data at any time during the duration of the contract or contracts you have concluded with OCTA +. How long does OCTA + keep my personal data? The legal time limits for archival retention largely depends on the products and services that OCTA + has provided to you, and whether you participate in the OCTA + loyalty program. In all cases, the retention periods for your data are as follows: If you have subscribed to OCTA + newsletters, we will process your data until the day you unsubscribe; If you are a customer for gas and / or electricity delivery, we will keep your data for up to 10 years after the end of your contract with OCTA +; If you are a customer for fuel oil delivery, we will keep your data for up to 10 years after your last order. If you contact us with the request to be forgotten, we will delete or anonymize your data, unless OCTA + is obliged to process this data for a longer period. For example, OCTA + is obliged to keep certain documents for periods prescribed by law, which is the case, for example, for certain accounting documents, invoices, etc. These data cannot therefore be "forgotten" insofar as these limitation periods have not yet expired ... With which parties does OCTA + exchange my data? OCTA + limits the number of parties with which your data is exchanged as well as the data exchanged to a minimum. Furthermore, OCTA + will not sell or put your data to a third party for purposes unrelated to the delivery of products and services by OCTA + or its subsidiaries. The parties with which your data is shared are: other companies belonging to the OCTA + group; service providers of OCTA + or other companies belonging to the OCTA + group; and government agencies. The OCTA + group being made up of several companies, several of which provide assistance services to companies that conclude contracts with customers, personal data is accessible and can be processed by other companies belonging to the OCTA + group. These treatments take place within the framework of the Binding Company regulations, which have been approved by all the companies in the group concerned. In addition, your personal data may be exchanged with service providers with which OCTA + has concluded a data processing contract which includes the guarantees necessary for the protection of the personal data of our customers. Depending on the product or service offered, OCTA + uses different service providers, including: IT service providers, for hosting OCTA + websites, securing electronic data exchange , Etc. parties analyzing certain data generated and anonymized by OCTA + in the field of gas or electricity use, in order to make OCTA + services more efficient; parties who provide secure payment transactions for certain product or service offers by OCTA +. Finally, we share personal information with entities exercising government oversight of OCTA + activities or to whom OCTA +, having regard to its operations, has a legal reporting obligation. This concerns, among other things, network operators and regulators (CREG, VREG, CWaPE and BRUGEL). For an overview of the players in the energy market, see: http://creg.be/nl/consumenten/energiemarkt/wie-doet-wat-op-de-energiemarkt. What are cookies" ? A cookie is a file that is sent with the pages of this site and stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. These files can have different functions, and OCTA + uses them to improve the use of our website: in front of Authentication: when you visit a secure area of ​​our site, these cookies allow you to stay connected, so that you do not have to re - enter your username and password; to memorize the pages visited (“session cookies”): these cookies contain information already sent by the user; to remember preferences ("persistent cookies"): in these files, we collect, for example, the language preference of the users of our site, so that you do not have to select the language of our site on each visit. Does OCTA + place so-called "cookies" on my computer when I use the OCTA + website? Yes OCTA + uses cookies, with the following objectives: authentication: with these cookies, our website will immediately recognize you as an OCTA + client and site user; to obtain a general image of the use of our websites: with these cookies, OCTA + checks traces which pages its users visit, in order to give us a general image of the most visited pages and of the users who leave our site. The latter can be an indication of the content of this particular page which may not meet the needs of users in general, which may help us in improving the content of this page; In addition, some cookies placed retain certain preferences that you have selected on our site, such as language preference. OCTA + also uses cookies and Google scripts to analyze the use of our websites, so that we can customize the functionality and efficiency of our sites. The information processed on the basis of these technologies is anonymous and only gives us a general picture of the way in which our websites are used. Contact us Client number: This field cannot be empty Last name: This field cannot be empty First name: This field cannot be empty Street: This field cannot be empty Number & box: This field cannot be empty Postal code: This field cannot be empty Town: This field cannot be empty Telephone or GSM number: This field cannot be empty E-mail: This email is not correct Missing fr locale {basic : form: privacyList}. : Please select a privacy Customer number * Last name * First name * Street * Number & box * Postal code * City * Telephone or GSM number * E-mail * Specify your request * Right to information Right of access Right of rectification Right to erasure or right to be forgotten Right to object Right to limit processing Automated decision making Right not to be assessed on the basis of automated processing More details * Mandatory fields Send © OCTA +. 2018 - Made with love by