Electricity and Natural Gas | OCTA + For a better user experience on this website, please use another browser such as Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox. X Gas & Electricity Heating oil HybridCard Customer area Blog nl Discover the products Electricity and natural gas Historically low prices that you should take advantage of now. Take the test below and calculate your price for electricity and natural gas. Calculate your price Become a 100% Belgian customer OCTA + has been the most family-friendly energy supplier in Belgium for over 130 years Flexible offer Electricity and natural gas offers tailored to your needs. 5 star service The only energy supplier that will never keep you waiting. Up to € 105 reduction in addition to low energy prices Low energy prices are reaching new records. It's time to switch providers! Electricity and natural gas prices are historically low. It's now or never: choose our SAFE fixed electricity rate and lock in this low price for 3 years. In addition, until the end of the month, you benefit from a reduction of up to € 105 on electricity and natural gas. Offer subject to conditions. Calculate your price Gaz Electricité Activ products Electricity price at the lowest level since 2018. Variable price very advantageous for "connected" consumers i The price of electricity per kWh follows the evolution of the energy market and changes every month. You do not notice any of these fluctuations on your down payment invoices, but you do notice them on your annual adjustment invoice. A variable tariff is particularly advantageous in the event of high electricity prices when switching suppliers: the price per kWh then decreases with the market price. Duration: 1 year i For individuals, the duration in Brussels is 3 years 5-star online customer service (telephone support optional) i A problem? Get live assistance. Our operator will be happy to help you via our online chat, our social networks, WhatsApp, Mail, etc. Would you like to receive telephone assistance? Please select this option when registering. Your electronic invoice always on time (optional paper invoicing) i Your invoice is sent to you by e-mail or on Zoomit. Calculate Your Fixed Smart Price Block the historically low May electricity prices for a period of 12 months. i With a fixed rate, you know in advance the price per kWh for the entire duration of your contract. This does not change during the entire period. If electricity prices are high, but you prefer security, it is better to choose a fixed contract for 12 months. When the kWh price drops again, you can revise your fixed rate more quickly. Duration: 1 year i For individuals, the duration in Brussels is 3 years 5-star tailor-made service i A question, a complaint? We help you immediately, by phone, email, WhatsApp or chat with one of our operators on our website. Your electronic or paper invoice, you choose Calculate your price Safe Electricity prices are historically low. Block them now and be "Safe" for 3 years. Promo until 31/05/20: 3x25 € reduction in addition to our low prices. i With a fixed price over 36 months, you are safer for the future. When you sign a contract, you know exactly how much you will pay for the duration of the contract. If the price of electricity is low and you think the price per kWh will increase in the future, you'd better set your rate for 3 years immediately. Duration: 3 years Tailor-made 5-star service i A question, a complaint? We help you immediately, by phone, email, WhatsApp or chat with one of our operators on our website. On paper or electronic, choose your billing method yourself. Calculate your Activ price Natural gas price at its lowest level since 2016 - Inexpensive variable price for the "connected" consumer i In a variable price, the prices are updated every month. They therefore evolve over time, increasing or decreasing, following the evolution of the market price. Duration: 1 year i Duration for individuals in Brussels: 3 years Your electronic invoice always on time (optional paper invoicing) i Your invoice is sent to you by e-mail or by Zoomit. 5-star customer service entirely online (optional telephone support) i Would you like to receive telephone assistance? Please select this option when registering. Calculate your Smart Variable price The price of natural gas is historically low this month, the lowest since 2016. PROMO until 31/05/20: 30 € reduction in addition to low prices. i In a variable tariff, the prices are updated each month. They therefore evolve over time, increase or decrease, following the evolution of the market price. Benefit from a variable rate for a period of one year in Flanders and Wallonia, and 3 years in Brussels. Duration: 1 year i Individuals in Brussels: 3 years On paper or in electronic mode, choose your billing method yourself 5-star service i A question, a complaint? We help you immediately, by phone, email, WhatsApp or chat with one of our operators on our website. Calculate your Smart Fixed price The price of natural gas has halved since 2018: set your price now for 12 months. PROMO until 05/31/20: 30 € reduction in addition to low prices. i Choose the most advantageous gas tariff according to your consumption profile. With Smart Fixe, you opt for a fixed energy price for your natural gas, valid for 12 months. Duration of contract: 1 year i Duration of contract for individuals in Brussels: 3 years On paper or in electronic mode, choose your billing method yourself 5-star service i A problem? Get live assistance. Our operator will be happy to help you via our online chat. Calculate your price For electricity and natural gas, choose the variable or fixed rate of OCTA + that best suits your energy needs. Simulate your rate below to get a clearer idea before you decide. Compare the result with your current energy bill. Calculate your price Become a customer Change your energy supplier without worry Do you want to change your electricity and / or natural gas supplier? No worries, OCTA + takes care of everything from A to Z for you. Register online or contact one of our staff, who will support you throughout the change of supplier and will take care of all the administrative formalities. You do not have to contact your current energy supplier yourself. Online registration in less than 10 minutes No additional costs We take care of all the administrative formalities No need to contact your current supplier Our collaborators whose available every working day By phone 02/851 02 52 Form We call you back Whatsapp FAQs - Questions and answers What is the difference between the fixed and variable rate? The difference is comparable to a fixed or variable interest rate for a mortgage. Fixed price: the price of energy is fixed for the duration of your contract. A fixed price thus avoids market fluctuations. Variable price: the price of energy is calculated according to market fluctuations. In the annual statement, we calculate consumption by month (or quarter). The amount of your down payment invoice does not depend on these fluctuations and therefore remains the same. How is the cost of energy for electricity calculated? The final price of electricity is calculated on the basis of four components: The price of energyThe contribution to green electricityThe network tariffs (determined by the network operator) The charges (determined by the public authorities) Click here to consult the tariff sheets. How is the price of natural gas calculated? The final price of natural gas is calculated on the basis of three components: The price of energy The network tariffs (determined by the network operator) The charges (determined by the public authorities) Click here to consult the tariff sheets. What will be the amount of my down payment invoice? You can easily make a simulation on our website and calculate how much you pay at OCTA +. To do this, it is best to have an annual invoice from your current supplier on hand, as you will need to enter the annual consumption. For a new house, you can make an estimate based on your consumption profile. Click here to estimate your energy bill. If you have questions about price simulation, please call us on 02/851 02 52. Can I just switch energy providers? You can change your energy supplier at any time. You just have to sign a new contract with OCTA + and we take care of everything with your old energy supplier and the grid manager. All legal requirements are met. Click here to fill out the online form with your desired rate. About OCTA + OCTA + is a well-established 100% Belgian SME, which will never treat you like the umpteenth number on a list. For 130 years, Belgian shareholders have held the reins of the energy supplier OCTA +. Through mergers and acquisitions, the company has evolved into the first independent distributor of energy products in Belgium. The great strength of OCTA + lies in the fact that it can choose freely between several producers of energy. This independence allows it to optimize its purchases and offer you better conditions. There is therefore no need to compare OCTA + with other energy suppliers. OCTA + provides you with electricity, natural gas, HybridCards and fuel oil. As an OCTA + customer, you benefit from a personalized approach and fast service. No question remains unanswered. We are committed to putting you, as a customer, at the center of everything we do. We have a team of dedicated people who are ready to answer any questions you may have. They will be happy to help you make a choice, taking into account your personal energy consumption, your needs and your wishes. “Stephane Van Stichel I am a new customer, but the service already provided by OCTA far exceeds my expectations. I am very happy to have changed electricity supplier. At OCTA, we feel privileged because customer service is so caring for us. Thank you. Aren't you convinced yet? Once you are a customer of OCTA +, you will be amazed at our ultra competitive prices for electricity, personalized service and the speed with which we respond to your requests. Calculate your rate below or complete the form to become a customer immediately. Calculate your price Contact us © OCTA + 2020 Privacy policy Contact Rates & docs Jobs File 1