The most family-friendly energy supplier in Belgium | OCTA + For a better user experience on this website, please use another browser such as Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox. X Gas & Electricity Heating oil HybridCard Customer area Blog nl Discover the products Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Choose for the advantageous energy prices of OCTA +. Electricity, natural gas, fuel oil and fuel cards Discover our products The energy sector ... Before Comparing energy suppliers is not easy, since apples are not compared to pears. In the end, you subscribed to a group purchase, hoping to pay the lowest price for energy or fuel oil, but that hasn't always turned out to be the case? Did you rely on different energy suppliers, each with their own promises, but in the end did you realize that they each told their own truth? No one has helped you with your energy questions: what is the best choice for me, the right solution and how can I face the next 20 years with peace of mind? Now Thanks to OCTA + 's many years of experience in the fields of fuels, fuel oil, electricity and natural gas, we know better than anyone how to answer all your energy questions. Our greatest strength is our independence and our neutrality. Because we can offer you a complete energy package, we don't have to offer you just one solution. Because everyone is different, each situation is different. We start from your specific situation to guide you towards the right solution, an element that should never be underestimated. Why OCTA +? Discover our products OCTA + is the only 100% Belgian energy supplier. You can turn to OCTA + for electricity, natural gas, heating oil and fuel. Become an OCTA + customer and you will be impressed by our competitive prices, personalized service and fast response times. This is the five star service of OCTA +. Gas & Electricity Electricity and / or natural gas for individuals, professionals and businesses. This is always at competitive fixed or variable prices. Discover Heating oil Heating oil, Heating oil + or extra diesel, the choice is yours. Take advantage of additional services such as automatic filling and installment payment. Discover Fuel card Refueling and electric charge with 1 card. With the HybridCard, you can access 1,850 stations and more than 1,000 charging stations. Discover Contact & Support Our energy specialists: Contact one of our employees every working day 1 contact point for all your questionsYou never come across an answering machine By phone 02/851 02 52 Form We call you back Whatsapp About OCTA + A stable 100% Belgian SME where you will never be treated as the umpteenth number on a list. For 130 years, Belgian shareholders have been in charge of the energy distributor OCTA +. Partly as a result of mergers and acquisitions, the company has become the largest independent distributor of energy products in Belgium. The great strength of OCTA +: we choose freely from different energy producers. In this way, our customers have the best products at the best price. There is therefore no need to compare energy suppliers further. You can turn to OCTA + for electricity, natural gas, fuel card and fuel oil. Thanks to our independence on the Belgian energy market, we can optimize our purchases and offer you better conditions. OCTA + customer, you benefit from a personalized approach and fast service. There is no question that remains unanswered. We are committed to putting you, the customer, at the heart of everything we do. We guarantee 5 star service. A dedicated team is ready to answer all your questions. They will be happy to advise you on the right choice, the price of electricity, always taking into account your personal consumption, your needs and your wishes. © OCTA + 2020 Privacy policy Contact Rates & docs Jobs File 1