The most family energy supplier in Belgium OCTA + For the best user experience on this website, please use another browser such as Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox. X Natural gas & Electricity Mazout HybridCard Customer zone Blog fr Discover the products Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Choose the energy rates of OCTA + Electricity, natural gas, fuel oil and fuel cards at affordable prices. Discover our products The world of energy ... In the past You could no longer see the forest through the trees. Comparing energy suppliers is no laughing matter, because you compare apples to pears. You eventually subscribed to a group purchase, hoping to pay the lowest energy or fuel oil price, but that too was not always correct. You trusted different energy suppliers, each with their own promises, but in the end you realized that they each told their own truth. But nobody helped you with your energy questions: what is the best choice for me, the right solution and how can I confidently face the next 20 years? Today Thanks to OCTA + 's many years of experience in fuels, fuel oil, electricity and natural gas, we know like no other how to answer all your energy needs. Our greatest strength is our independence, our neutrality. Because we can offer a whole energy package, we are not obliged to put forward just one solution. Because everyone is different, every situation is different. We start from your specific situation to guide you to the right solution, an element that should not be underestimated and our strength within the energy transition. Why OCTA +? OCTA + is still one of the few real Belgian energy suppliers. You can contact OCTA + for electricity, natural gas, fuel oil and fuel. Once a customer of OCTA + you will be impressed with our competitive prices, personal service and fast response times. That is the five-star service provided by OCTA +. Natural gas & electricity Electricity and / or natural gas for private individuals, professionals and companies. This always at competitive fixed or variable rates. More info Fuel oil Fuel oil, fuel oil + or extra gas oil, the choice is yours. Enjoy additional services such as automatic filling and spread payment. More info Fuel card Refueling and electric charging with 1 card. With the HybridCard you can visit 1,850 stations and more than 1,000 charging stations. More info Contact & Support Our energy specialists: Available every working day1 point of contact for all your questions You will never encounter an answering machine By phone 02/851 01 51 Form We call you back WhatsApp About OCTA + A stable 100% Belgian SME where you will never be the umpteenth number on a list will be treated. Belgian shareholders have been in charge of energy distributor OCTA + for 130 years. Partly due to mergers and acquisitions, the company grew into the largest independent distributor of energy products in Belgium. The great strength of OCTA +: we freely choose from various energy producers. In this way, our customers have the best products at the best price. It is therefore unnecessary to further compare energy suppliers. You can contact OCTA + for electricity, natural gas, fuel and fuel oil. Thanks to our independence on the Belgian energy market, we can optimize our purchases and offer better conditions to you. As an OCTA + customer, you enjoy a personal approach and fast service. There is not a single question that remains unanswered. We are committed to putting you, the customer, at the center of everything we do. As a customer you are guaranteed a 5 star service. A separate team of employees is ready to answer all your questions. They are happy to advise you to make the right choice, taking into account your personal consumption, needs and wishes. © OCTA + 2020 Privacy policy Contact Rates & Documents Jobs Fichier 1