Ordering Quality Fuel Oil at a Good Price | OCTA + For a better user experience on this website, please use another browser such as Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox. X Gas & Electricity Heating oil HybridCard Customer area Blog nl Discover the products Heating oil Excellent quality fuel oil at competitive prices Discover our heating oil prices Always close to you Fast delivery of heating oil guaranteed everywhere in Belgium. Guaranteed quality High quality fuel oil for your comfort, both physical and financial. Extended service Optional services such as automatic filling of your tank, payment deferral, control of your installation, etc. Find out the phone number linked to your town Validate Oops! This postal code does not exist. Please enter a correct postal code. Call us Extended delivery times Our staff will do their utmost to process your request as quickly as possible. Due to exceptional (market) circumstances, the telephone waiting time may be longer and we cannot guarantee the price or delivery time. For these reasons, we are obliged to invoice the official price of the delivery day for any order placed from today. We thank you in advance for your understanding. Products Classic / Standard fuel oil Traditional fuel oil Economic Antifreeze down to -8 ° C Sulfur content: 50 PPM Request a quote Order High quality fuel oil + Fuel oil Better combustion i Better combustion to reduce deposits and residues of fuel oil, which allows you to save on your consumption. Antifreeze down to -25 ° C Sulfur content: 50 PPM Odor inhibitor Antioxidants i This makes heating oil less corrosive to your tank and more resistant to thermal shock. The qualities and performance of heating oil are therefore guaranteed for a longer time. Ask for an offer Order Low sulfur Extra Diesel Fuel Cleaner combustion i Cleaner combustion results in a significant reduction in carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions. Antifreeze down to -20 ° C Sulfur content: 10 PPM Reduced maintenance costs i Active protection against aging and wear of your oil boiler. Antioxidants i This makes heating oil less corrosive to your tank and more resistant to thermal shock. The qualities and performance of heating oil are therefore guaranteed for a longer time. Request a quote Order Which product to choose? Advise me ! There are several factors to consider when choosing your fuel oil: the price of fuel oil, the different types of fuel oil, the type of oil boiler you have, etc. We understand that you are getting a bit lost. Our fuel oil specialists are available to you on working days. Enter your postal code at the top of the page to find the regional number on which you can reach us. Automatic filling of your oil tank. Spread your payments using a budget plan. Fast delivery of fuel oil everywhere in Belgium. Fleet of over 35 trucks to deliver fuel oil. Over 30,000 customers already convinced by OCTA + fuel oil. Contact & support Order fuel oil from a local company Check that we deliver well in your municipality. Your postal code: We deliver well in your town. Oops! This postal code does not exist. Please enter a correct postal code. By phone 02/851 02 52 Form We call you back Whatsapp FAQs - Questions and answers OCTA + does it deliver in my neighborhood? You are an individual and you want to know if we deliver in your town? Indicate your postal code at the top of this page and you will be immediately fixed. What is the difference between Standard Fuel Oil, Fuel Oil + and Gasoil Extra? All fuel oil in Belgium is controlled by the Petroleum Product Analysis Fund and must therefore meet strict quality standards. OCTA + fuel oil meets the highest quality standards at all times. You will find the difference between the three products in the product overview. What does 10 or 50 ppm mean? This is the sulfur content of the fuel oil (ppm means "parts per million"). Since January 1, 2016, the sulfur content of fuel oil has dropped from 1,000 ppm to 50 ppm. In the meantime, we also offer Gasoil Extra which barely contains 10 ppm of sulfur. These products guarantee better performance thanks to more efficient and less polluting combustion. Can heating oil freeze? Regular fuel oil freezes as soon as the temperature drops below about -8 ° C. To avoid problems during a harsh winter, we strongly recommend that you order Fuel Oil. Fuel oil + contains an antifreeze and therefore withstands temperatures down to -25 ° C. About OCTA + We put more energy into serving you The authorities set the maximum price for fuel oil each day in order to protect consumers. The price of fuel oil can therefore vary on a daily basis. This is why we advise not to delay too long to order fuel oil. Heating oil is just one of the products in the OCTA + energy product range. In addition to fuel oil, we offer natural gas, electricity and fuel. As an OCTA + customer, you not only benefit from fuel oil at a favorable price, but also from a 5-star service in which you You can opt for automatic filling of your tank and spreading your payments through a budget plan. Finally, we also help you if you find yourself dry: we won't let you freeze to death! Our fuel oil specialists are available to you on working days. OCTA + does not work with an external call center. Our staff are specialists in the energy world, located internally at OCTA +. They are committed to answering your calls in the most efficient way possible in order to give you an answer as soon as possible! Is your tank almost or completely empty? Make sure you don't catch a cold and order fuel oil now. Order fuel oil Contact us © OCTA + 2020 Privacy policy Contact Rates & docs Jobs File 1