MECA Bilservice - Car repair shop near you! - MECA.SE For car owners Book car service Find your MECA workshop Tips for the workshop visit The Child Cancer Foundation Corona Measures Company Guarantee Suppliers MECA Assistance Service The MECA card We can your car For workshop owners Find your express warehouse MECA Webshop Car spare parts Distribution Competence development Collaboration Development Cooperation MECA Work on MECA Business concept and vision Distribution Questions? Quality and environment The market MECA Steering group Cooperation Assortment Log in × Log in to MECA here Login For booking and questions: 0771 - 114 114 Take care of yourself. Serve the car away from home. We pick up and leave your car at home / at work so you don't have to go to the workshop. Find fixed price Download & provide service is now available at many of our workshops when booking. Popular workshop services right now Car service Annual service according to protocol Brake change Replacement of brakes Tire change Wheel change & Tire change Contact us for bookings and questions A number. More than 400 car repair shops. Around the clock. 0771 - 114 114 0771 - 114 114 New car warranty You never have to think about whether your guarantees apply, because they make it so clear to us. You also get a full guarantee on both our job and the spare parts you buy. Read more about guarantees MECA supports the Child Cancer Foundation We understand cars. But not that children get cancer. That we do not understand does not mean that we can not help. Read more about the cooperation with the Children's Cancer Foundation New services and measures - for your safety Based on the Corona situation, we are now taking extra precautionary measures. Read more about our actions here Information about Cookies Handling of personal data Legal information Log in Log in to MECA here × Log in Copyright © 2019 MECA Scandinavia AB We use cookies to offer you a better experience of Meca.se. By continuing to use the site you accept that cookies are used. Read more