Automotive master workshop ZEMO | Brake endoc Write us: info@kfz-zemo.de Mülheim / Ruhr Wiescher Weg 116A 0208-941399-55 Call us. Home New Services TÜV / AU inspection of vehicle electrics & electronics control unit update automatic & shift gears automatic transmission & power steering flushing tire & rim service wheel alignment vehicle air conditioning service auto glass service new vehicle expert / expert accident repair engine tuning brake doc contact appointment brake doc after brake doc before brake doc We are brake doc Member! What is Brake Doc? BremsenDoc is a partner concept of we4sales GmbH. Every BremsenDoc member is a specialist for the entire brake system of cars and stands for first-class brake service. When should brake discs be optimized? When the steering wheel hits when braking. When the brake pedal vibrates when braking. If the contact pattern is not correct. When is the brake doc worthwhile? Before new brake disks are installed, the BremsenDoc checks whether they can be optimized or repaired as an alternative. Rusted brake disks Warped brake disks due to overload. Avoiding the "break-in phase for new brakes. Compensation for manufacturing tolerances between the wheel hub and brake disk. Rust due to long service life Removing grooves and grooves All steel brake discs (regardless of the manufacturer) Perforated and / or slotted brake discs. Here is an example from Bremsendoc. Qualified brake endoc partner We make sure that your brakes also brake. Meeting? Opening times Mon - Thu: 9:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. Sat: 9:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. Fri and Sun: closed Services Appointments car expert / appraiser car air conditioning service Contact Tags oil brakes engine tires rims car auto gearbox car glass brakesDOC air conditioning service Battery workshop wheel alignment TÜV / AU Quick contact KFZ Meisterbetrieb ZemoWiescher Weg 116A45472 Mülheim ad RuhrTelefon 0208-941399-55 Copyright © 2018 ZEMO master car company. All Rights Reserved Imprint | Disclaimer | privacy