Automotive master workshop ZEMO | Automotive electrics & electronics service Write to us: info@kfz-zemo.de Mülheim / Ruhr Wiescher Weg 116A 0208-941399-55 Call us. Home New Services TÜV / AU inspection of vehicle electrics & electronics control unit update automatic & shift gears automatic transmission & power steering rinsing tire & rim service wheel alignment vehicle air conditioning service auto glass service new vehicle expert / expert accident repair engine tuning brake doc contact appointment! NEW ! VEHICLE EXPERT / EXAMINER! NEW ! VEHICLE EXPERT / EXPERT We are still in the fast lane. Since April 1st we have expanded our car workshop. Our employed and recognized certified vehicle expert Mr. Djedovic (Junior) will prepare the report for your damaged vehicle so that you have everything in one with us. The preparation of the damage report The handling with the opposing insurance company The involvement of the lawyer for traffic law (if necessary) The proper and professional repair and repair of your vehicle in our workshop This is free of charge for you as the injured party. We take care of your damaged vehicle completely. If you have any questions or anything similar, please contact Master Djedovic and automotive expert Mr. Djedovic (Junior). With us you have everything from a single source - on a farm! Whoever does not come is guilty around the clock every day. Our services TÜV / AU inspection vehicle electrics & electronics control unit update automatic & manual transmission gear & power steering rinsing tire & rim service wheel alignment vehicle air conditioning service auto glass service new vehicle expert / expert accident removal engine tuning opening hours Mon - Thu: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa: 9 a.m. Hours - 6 p.m. Fri and Sun: closed opening times Mon - Thu: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. Fri and Sun: closed Engine Tire Rims Automotive Car Transmission Auto Glass BrakesDOC Air Conditioning Service Battery Workshop Wheel Alignment TÜV / AU Quick Contact Automotive Master Shop ZemoWiescher Weg 116A45472 Mülheim ad RuhrTelefon 0208-941399-55 Copyright © 2018 ZEMO master car company. All Rights Reserved Imprint | Disclaimer | privacy