Automotive master workshop ZEMO | Automotive electrics & electronics service Write to us: info@kfz-zemo.de Mülheim / Ruhr Wiescher Weg 116A 0208-941399-55 Call us. Home New Services TÜV / AU inspection of vehicle electrics & electronics control unit update automatic & shift gears automatic transmission & power steering flushing tire & rim service wheel alignment vehicle air conditioning service auto glass service new vehicle expert / expert accident repair engine tuning brake end contact appointment imprint imprint information according to § 5 TMG: Safet Djedovic KFZ Zemo Meisterbetrieb Wiescher Weg 116A 45472 Mülheim an der Ruhr Contact: Telephone: 0208-941399-55 Fax: 0208-941399-56 E-Mail: info@kfz-zemo.de Professional title and professional regulations Professional title: Automotive technician master Responsible chamber: Chamber of Crafts Dusseldorf Awarded by: Germany The following professional regulations apply: Kreishandwerkschafts Mülheim, Zunftmeisterstraße 26, 45468 Mülheim an der Ruhr Regulations available at: http://www.kh-mo.de/ Information on professional liability insurance Name and registered office of the insurer : Generali Versicherung Immermannstrasse 15 40 210 Düsseldorf Insurance coverage: Germany Dispute settlement The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (OS): https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr. You can find our email address in the imprint above. We are not willing or obliged to participate in dispute resolution proceedings before a consumer arbitration board. Liability for content As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages in accordance with general laws in accordance with Section 7 (1) TMG. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, we as a service provider are not obliged to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the time we become aware of a specific legal violation. As soon as we become aware of such violations, we will remove this content immediately. Liability for links Our offer contains links to external third-party websites, the content of which we have no influence over. For this reason, we cannot accept any liability for this external content. The respective provider or operator is always responsible for the content of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time the link was created. No illegal content was discernible at the time the link was created. A permanent control of the content of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of an infringement. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately. Copyright The content and works on these pages created by the site operator are subject to German copyright law. The duplication, processing, distribution and any kind of use outside the limits of copyright law require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of this page are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. As far as the content on this page was not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are respected. In particular contents of third parties are marked as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, please let us know. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such content immediately. Site Notice Information provided according to Sec. 5 German Telemedia Act (TMG): Safet Djedovic KFZ Zemo Meisterbetrieb Wiescher Weg 116A 45472 Mülheim an der Ruhr Contact: Telephone: 0208-941399-55 Fax: 0208-941399-56 Email: info@kfz-zemo.de Job title and professional regulations Job title: KFZ - Techniker Meister Responsible board: Chamber of Crafts Dusseldorf Authorization granted by: Germany The following professional regulations apply: Kreishandwerkerschaft Mülheim, Zunftmeisterstraße 26, 45468 Mülheim an der Ruhr Regulations accessible under: http://www.kh-mo.de / Information concerning professional indemnity insurance: Name and residence of insurer: Generali Versicherung Immermannstraße 15 40210 Düsseldorf Scope of insurance: Deutschland Dispute resolution The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (OS): https://ec.europa.eu/ consumers / odr. Please find our email in the imprint / legal notice. We do not take part in online dispute resolutions at consumer arbitration boards. Liability for Contents As service providers, we are liable for own contents of these websites according to Sec. 7, paragraph 1 German Telemedia Act (TMG). However, according to Sec. 8 to 10 German Telemedia Act (TMG), service providers are not obligated to permanently monitor submitted or stored information or to search for evidences that indicate illegal activities. Legal obligations to removing information or to blocking the use of information remain unchallenged. In this case, liability is only possible at the time of knowledge about a specific violation of law. Illegal contents will be removed immediately at the time we get knowledge of them. Liability for Links Our offer includes links to external third party websites. We have no influence on the contents of those websites, therefore we cannot guarantee for those contents. Providers or administrators of linked websites are always responsible for their own contents. The linked websites had been checked for possible violations of law at the time of the establishment of the link. Illegal contents were not detected at the time of the linking. A permanent monitoring of the contents of linked websites cannot be imposed without reasonable indications that there has been a violation of law. Illegal links will be removed immediately at the time we get knowledge of them. Copyright Contents and compilations published on these websites by the providers are subject to German copyright laws. Reproduction, editing, distribution as well as the use of any kind outside the scope of the copyright law require a written permission of the author or originator. Downloads and copies of these websites are permitted for private use only. The commercial use of our contents without permission of the originator is prohibited. Copyright laws of third parties are respected as long as the contents on these websites do not originate from the provider. Contributions of third parties on this site are indicated as such. However, if you notice any violations of copyright law, please inform us. Such contents will be removed immediately. Implementation thobanet.de Baumeister Contact person: Thorsten Baumeister Telephone: +49 (0) 2 01 - 8 35 55 -0 Fax: +49 (0) 2 01 - 8 35 55 -29 Internet: www.thobanet.de eMail: info [ at] thobanet.de opening times Mon - Thu: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. Fri and Sun: closed Auto Gear Auto Glass BrakesDOC Air Conditioning Service Battery Workshop Wheel Alignment TÜV / AU Quick Contact Automotive Master Company ZemoWiescher Weg 116A45472 Mülheim ad RuhrTelefon 0208-941399-55 Copyright © 2018 ZEMO master car company. All Rights Reserved Imprint | Disclaimer | privacy