Automotive master workshop ZEMO | Automotive electrics & electronics service Write to us: info@kfz-zemo.de Mülheim / Ruhr Wiescher Weg 116A 0208-941399-55 Call us. Home New Services TÜV / AU inspection of vehicle electrics & electronics control unit update automatic & shift gears automatic transmission & power steering flushing tire & rim service wheel alignment vehicle air conditioning service auto glass service new vehicle expert / expert accident removal engine tuning brake doc Contact Appointment Data protection declaration Data protection declaration 1. Data protection at a glance General information The following information provides a simple overview of what happens to your personal data when you visit our website. Personal data is all data with which you can be personally identified. You can find detailed information on the subject of data protection in our data protection declaration below this text. Data collection on our website Who is responsible for data collection on this website? The data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. You can find their contact details in the imprint of this website. How do we collect your data? On the one hand, your data is collected when you provide it to us. This can e.g. are data that you enter in a contact form. Our IT systems automatically collect other data when you visit the website. This is primarily technical data (e.g. internet browser, operating system or time of the page visit). This data is recorded automatically as soon as you enter our website. What do we use your data for? Part of the data is collected to ensure that the website is provided correctly. Other data can be used to analyze your user behavior. What rights do you have regarding your data? You have the right to receive information about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data at any time free of charge. You also have the right to request that this data be corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about data protection. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. Analysis tools and tools from third-party providers When you visit our website, your surfing behavior can be statistically evaluated. This happens primarily with cookies and with so-called analysis programs. Your surfing behavior is usually analyzed anonymously; the surfing behavior cannot be traced back to you. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. You can find detailed information on this in the following data protection declaration. You can object to this analysis. We will inform you about the possibilities of objection in this data protection declaration. 2. General information and mandatory information Data protection The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration. When you use this website, various personal data are collected. Personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. This data protection declaration explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this is done. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from access by third parties. Note on the responsible body The responsible body for data processing on this website is: Safet Djedovic Wiescher Weg 116A 45472 Mülheim adRuhr Phone: +49 208 94139955 Email: info@kfz-zemo.de The responsible body is the natural or legal person, who alone or together with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names, email addresses, etc.). Revocation of your consent to data processing Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal email to us. The legality of the data processing carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. Right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority In the event of data protection violations, the person concerned has the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. The responsible supervisory authority for data protection issues is the state data protection officer of the federal state in which our company is based. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html. Right to data portability You have the right to have data that we process automatically based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract handed over to yourself or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you request the direct transfer of the data to another person responsible, this will only take place if it is technically feasible. SSL or TLS encryption For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or inquiries that you send to us as the site operator, this site uses SSL or. TLS encryption. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from “http: //” to “https: //” and by the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data that you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties. Encrypted payment transactions on this website If after entering into a fee-based contract there is an obligation to provide us with your payment details (e.g. account number with direct debit authorization), this data is required for payment processing. Payment transactions via the common means of payment (Visa / MasterCard, direct debit) are carried out exclusively via an encrypted SSL or TLS connection. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from "http: //" to "https: //" and by the lock symbol in your browser line. With encrypted communication, your payment data that you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties. Information, blocking, deletion You have the right to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, the right to correction, blocking or deletion of this data. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about personal data. Objection to advertising emails We hereby object to the use of contact data published within the scope of the imprint for sending unsolicited advertising and information material. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam e-mails. 3. Data collection on our website Cookies Some of the websites use so-called cookies. Cookies do no damage to your computer and contain no viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective and safer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted. Cookies that are required to carry out the electronic communication process or to provide certain functions you require (e.g. shopping cart function) are set on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR saved. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. Insofar as other cookies (e.g. cookies for analyzing your surfing behavior) are stored, these are dealt with separately in this data protection declaration. Server log files The website provider automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are: Browser type and browser version Operating system used Referrer URL Host name of the accessing computer Time of the server request IP address A combination of this data with other data sources is not carried out. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures. Contact form If you send us inquiries using the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the inquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. We will not pass on this data without your consent. The processing of the data entered in the contact form takes place exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR). You can revoke this consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal email to us. The legality of the data processing operations carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. The data you enter in the contact form will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory legal provisions - especially retention periods - remain unaffected. Registration with Facebook Connect Instead of registering directly on our website, you can register with Facebook Connect. This service is provided by Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland. If you decide to register with Facebook Connect and click on the “Login with Facebook” / “Connect with Facebook” button, you will be automatically redirected to the Facebook platform. There you can log in with your usage data. This will link your Facebook profile to our website or our services. This link gives us access to your data stored on Facebook. Above all, these are: Facebook name Facebook profile and cover picture Facebook cover picture E-mail address stored on Facebook Facebook ID Facebook friend lists Facebook Likes (“Likes”) Birthday Gender Country Language This data becomes the Setup, provision and personalization of your account used. For more information, see the Facebook Terms of Use and the Facebook Privacy Policy. You can find them at: https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/ and https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/. 4. Social media content sharing via plugins (Facebook, Google + 1, Twitter & Co.) The content on our pages can be shared in accordance with data protection in social networks such as Facebook, Twitter or Google+. This site uses the eRecht24 Safe Sharing Tool. This tool establishes direct contact between the networks and users only when the user actively clicks on one of these buttons. This tool does not automatically transfer user data to the operators of these platforms. If the user is logged in to one of the social networks, an information window appears in which the user can confirm the text before sending when using the social buttons from Facebook, Google + 1, Twitter & Co. Our users can share the content of this page in accordance with data protection in social networks without having to create complete surf profiles by the operators of the networks. Facebook plugins (Like & Share button) Plugins from the social network Facebook, provider Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA, are integrated on our website. You can recognize the Facebook plugins by the Facebook logo or the "Like" button on our website. An overview of the Facebook plugins can be found here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. When you visit our website, the plugin establishes a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server. Facebook receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click the Facebook "Like" button while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the content of our pages to your Facebook profile. This enables Facebook to assign your visit to our website to your user account. We would like to point out that, as the provider of the website, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or how it is used by Facebook. For more information, see Facebook's privacy policy at: https://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php. If you do not want Facebook to be able to assign your visit to our website to your Facebook user account, please log out of your Facebook user account. Twitter plugin Functions of the Twitter service are integrated on our website. These functions are offered by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. By using Twitter and the "Re-Tweet" function, the websites you visit are linked to your Twitter account and made known to other users. This data is also transmitted to Twitter. We would like to point out that, as the provider of the website, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or of how it is used by Twitter. Further information can be found in Twitter's data protection declaration at: https://twitter.com/privacy. You can change your data protection settings on Twitter in the account settings at https://twitter.com/account/settings. Google+ plugin Our pages use Google+ functions. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Collection and disclosure of information: You can use the Google+ button to publish information worldwide. Via the Google+ button, you and other users receive personalized content from Google and our partners. Google stores both the information that you have given +1 for content and information about the page that you viewed when you clicked +1. Your +1 can be displayed as information together with your profile name and your photo in Google services, such as in search results or in your Google profile, or elsewhere on websites and advertisements on the Internet. Google records information about your +1 activities in order to improve Google services for you and others. To be able to use the Google+ button, you need a globally visible, public Google profile that must contain at least the name chosen for the profile. This name is used in all Google services. In some cases, this name can also replace another name that you used when sharing content via your Google account. The identity of your Google profile can be shown to users who know your email address or who have other identifying information about you. Use of the information collected: In addition to the uses described above, the information you provide will be used in accordance with the applicable Google data protection regulations. Google may publish summarized statistics about the +1 activities of the users or pass them on to users and partners, such as publishers, advertisers or connected websites. Instagram plugin Functions of the Instagram service are integrated on our website. These functions are offered by Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA. If you are logged into your Instagram account, you can link the content of our pages to your Instagram profile by clicking the Instagram button. This allows Instagram to associate your visit to our website with your user account. We would like to point out that, as the provider of the website, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or of how it is used by Instagram. For more information, see Instagram's privacy policy: https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/. Tumblr Plugin Our pages use buttons from the Tumblr service. The provider is Tumblr, Inc., 35 East 21st St, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10010, USA. These buttons allow you to share a post or page on Tumblr or follow the provider on Tumblr. If you access one of our websites with a Tumblr button, the browser establishes a direct connection to the Tumblr servers. We have no influence on the amount of data that Tumblr collects and transmits using this plugin. According to the current status, the user's IP address and the URL of the respective website are transmitted. Further information can be found in Tumblr's data protection declaration at: https://www.tumblr.com/policy/de/privacy. LinkedIn plugin Our website uses functions of the LinkedIn network. The provider is LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Every time one of our pages containing LinkedIn functions is accessed, a connection to LinkedIn servers is established. LinkedIn is informed that you have visited our website with your IP address. If you click the "Recommend" button from LinkedIn and are logged into your LinkedIn account, LinkedIn is able to assign your visit to our website to you and your user account. We would like to point out that, as the provider of the website, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or of its use by LinkedIn. Further information can be found in LinkedIn's data protection declaration at: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy. XING Plugin Our website uses functions of the XING network. The provider is XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. Every time you visit one of our pages that contains XING functions, a connection to XING servers is established. As far as we know, personal data is not saved. In particular, no IP addresses are saved or usage behavior is evaluated. Further information on data protection and the XING share button can be found in XING's data protection declaration at: https://www.xing.com/app/share?op=data_protection. Pinterest plugin On our site we use social plugins from the social network Pinterest, which is operated by Pinterest Inc., 808 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103-490, USA ("Pinterest"). When you visit a page that contains such a plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Pinterest servers. The plugin transmits log data to the Pinterest server in the USA. This log data may contain your IP address, the address of the websites visited, which also contain Pinterest functions, type and settings of the browser, date and time of the request, your use of Pinterest and cookies. Further information on the purpose, scope and further processing and use of the data by Pinterest as well as your rights and options to protect your privacy can be found in Pinterest's data protection information: https://about.pinterest.com/de/privacy-policy. 5. Analysis tools and advertising Google Analytics This website uses functions of the web analytics service Google Analytics. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google Analytics cookies are stored on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both its website and its advertising. IP anonymization We have activated the IP anonymization function on this website. As a result, your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area before it is transmitted to the USA. The full IP address is only transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services related to website activity and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. Browser plugin You can prevent cookies from being saved by making the appropriate settings in your browser software; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading the browser plug-in available under the following link and install: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. Objection to data collection You can prevent Google Analytics from collecting your data by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie is set that prevents the collection of your data on future visits to this website: Deactivate Google Analytics. You can find more information on the handling of user data at Google Analytics in Google's data protection declaration: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de.Auftragdatenverarbeitung We have concluded a contract for order data processing with Google and are implementing it strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using Google Analytics. Demographic characteristics in Google Analytics This website uses the "demographic characteristics" function of Google Analytics. This allows reports to be created that contain information about the age, gender and interests of the website visitors. This data comes from interest-based advertising from Google and visitor data from third-party providers. This data cannot be assigned to a specific person. You can deactivate this function at any time via the ad settings in your Google account or generally prohibit the collection of your data by Google Analytics as shown in the point “Objection to data collection”. Google AdSense This website uses Google AdSense, a service for integrating advertisements from Google Inc. ("Google"). The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google AdSense uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website. Google AdSense also uses so-called web beacons (invisible graphics). These web beacons can be used to evaluate information such as visitor traffic on these pages. The information generated by cookies and web beacons about the use of this website (including your IP address) and the delivery of advertising formats are transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. This information can be passed on by Google to contractual partners of Google. However, Google will not merge your IP address with other data that you have stored. AdSense cookies are stored on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both its website and its advertising. You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Google Analytics Remarketing Our websites use the functions of Google Analytics Remarketing in connection with the cross-device functions of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. This function enables the advertising target groups created with Google Analytics Remarketing to be linked to the cross-device functions of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. In this way, interest-related, personalized advertising messages that have been adapted to you depending on your previous usage and surfing behavior on one device (e.g. cell phone) can also be displayed on another of your devices (e.g. tablet or PC). If you have given your consent, Google will link your web and app browser history to your Google account for this purpose. In this way, the same personalized advertising messages can be displayed on any device on which you log in with your Google account. To support this function, Google Analytics records Google-authenticated IDs of users, which are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics data in order to define and create target groups for cross-device advertising. You can permanently object to cross-device remarketing / targeting by deactivating personalized advertising in your Google account; follow this link: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/. The summary of the data recorded in your Google account takes place exclusively on the basis of your consent, which you can give or revoke to Google (Art. 6 Para. 1 a GDPR). In the case of data collection processes that are not merged into your Google account (e.g. because you do not have a Google account or have objected to the merging), the collection of the data is based on Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The legitimate interest arises from the fact that the website operator has an interest in the anonymized analysis of website visitors for advertising purposes. Further information and the data protection regulations can be found in Google's data protection declaration at: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/. Google AdWords and Google Conversion Tracking This website uses Google AdWords. AdWords is an online advertising program by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”). As part of Google AdWords, we use so-called conversion tracking. If you click on an advertisement placed by Google, a cookie for the conversion tracking is set. Cookies are small text files that the Internet browser places on the user's computer. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used to personally identify users. If the user visits certain pages of this website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and we can recognize that the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to this page. Every Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie. The cookies cannot be tracked through the websites of AdWords customers. The information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers learn the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, you will not receive any information that can be used to personally identify users. If you do not want to participate in tracking, you can object to this use by easily deactivating the Google Conversion Tracking cookie via your internet browser under user settings. You will then not be included in the conversion tracking statistics. “Conversion cookies” are saved on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both its website and its advertising. You can find more information on Google AdWords and Google Conversion Tracking in Google's data protection regulations: https://www.google.de/policies/privacy/. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted. 6. Plugins and tools YouTube Our website uses plugins from the Google-operated YouTube site. The website is operated by YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. If you visit one of our pages equipped with a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers will be established. The YouTube server is informed which of our pages you have visited. If you are logged into your YouTube account, you enable YouTube to assign your surfing behavior directly to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account. YouTube is used in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Further information on the handling of user data can be found in YouTube's data protection declaration at: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google Web Fonts This page uses so-called web fonts, which are provided by Google, for the uniform display of fonts. When you call up a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache in order to display texts and fonts correctly. For this purpose, the browser you are using must connect to the Google servers. This gives Google knowledge that our website has been accessed via your IP address. Google Web Fonts are used in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font will be used by your computer. Further information on Google Web Fonts can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google's privacy policy: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. Google Maps This page uses the Google Maps map service via an API. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. To use the functions of Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this page has no influence on this data transmission. The use of Google Maps is in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers and to make it easier to find the places we have indicated on the website. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. More information on the handling of user data can be found in Google's data protection declaration: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/. Privacy Policy 1. An overview of data protection General The following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our website. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy found below. Data collection on our website Who is responsible for the data collection on this website? The data collected on this website are processed by the website operator. The operator's contact details can be found in the website's required legal notice. How do we collect your data? Some data are collected when you provide it to us. This could, for example, be data you enter on a contact form. Other data are collected automatically by our IT systems when you visit the website. These data are primarily technical data such as the browser and operating system you are using or when you accessed the page. These data are collected automatically as soon as you enter our website. What do we use your data for? Part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website. Other data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site. What rights do you have regarding your data? You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection. You may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities. Analytics and third-party tools When visiting our website, statistical analyzes may be made of your surfing behavior. This happens primarily using cookies and analytics. The analysis of your surfing behavior is usually anonymous, i.e. we will not be able to identify you from this data. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. Detailed information can be found in the following privacy policy. You can object to this analysis. We will inform you below about how to exercise your options in this regard. 2. General information and mandatory information Data protection The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy. If you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. This privacy policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens. Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email communication) may be subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible. Notice concerning the party responsible for this website The party responsible for processing data on this website is: Safet Djedovic Wiescher Weg 116A 45472 Mülheim adRuhr Telephone: +49 208 94139955 Email: info@kfz-zemo.de The responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (names, email addresses, etc.). Revocation of your consent to the processing of your data Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed. Right to file complaints with regulatory authorities If there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person affected may file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities. The competent regulatory authority for matters related to data protection legislation is the data protection officer of the German state in which our company is headquartered. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html. Right to data portability You have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible. SSL or TLS encryption This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser's address line when it changes from "http://" to "https://" and the lock icon is displayed in your browser's address bar. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties. Encrypted payments on this website If you enter into a contract which requires you to send us your payment information (e.g. account number for direct debits), we will require this data to process your payment. Payment transactions using common means of payment (Visa/MasterCard, direct debit) are only made via encrypted SSL or TLS connections. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser's address line when it changes from "http://" to "https://" and the lock icon in your browser line is visible. In the case of encrypted communication, any payment details you submit to us cannot be read by third parties. Information, blocking, deletion As permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data. Opposition to promotional emails We hereby expressly prohibit the use of contact data published in the context of website legal notice requirements with regard to sending promotional and informational materials not expressly requested. The website operator reserves the right to take specific legal action if unsolicited advertising material, such as email spam, is received. 3. Data collection on our website Cookies Some of our web pages use cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies." They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain in your device's memory until you delete them. These cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you next visit the site. You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website. Cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to provide certain functions you wish to use (such as the shopping cart) are stored pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1, letter f of DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimized service provided free of technical errors. If other cookies (such as those used to analyze your surfing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy. Server log files The website provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser automatically transmits to us in "server log files". These are: Browser type and browser version Operating system used Referrer URL Host name of the accessing computer Time of the server request IP address These data will not be combined with data from other sources. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract. Contact form Should you send us questions via the contact form, we will collect the data entered on the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer your question and any follow-up questions. We do not share this information without your permission. We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) DSGVO. You may revoke your consent at any time. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed. We will retain the data you provide on the contact form until you request its deletion, revoke your consent for its storage, or the purpose for its storage no longer pertains (e.g. after fulfilling your request). Any mandatory statutory provisions, especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected by this provision. Registration with Facebook Connect Instead of registering directly on our website, you may also register using Facebook Connect. This service is provided by Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland. If you decide to register with Facebook Connect and click on the "Login with Facebook" or "Connect with Facebook" buttons, you will be automatically redirected to the Facebook platform. There you can log in with your Facebook username and password. This will link your Facebook profile to our website or services. This link gives us access to your data stored on Facebook. Including especially your: Facebook name Facebook profile picture Facebook cover picture Email address provided to Facebook Facebook ID Facebook friends Facebook Likes Birthday Gender Country Language This data will be used to set up, provide, and personalize your account. For more information, see Facebook's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. These can be found at https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/ and https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/. 4. Social media Share content via plugins (Facebook, Google+1, Twitter, etc.) The content on our pages can be shared on other social networks like Facebook, Twitter, or Google+. This page uses the eRecht24 Safe Sharing Tool. This tool establishes direct contact between the networks and users only after users click on one of these buttons. This tool does not automatically transfer user data to the operators of these platforms. If users are logged into one or more of the social networks, the Like, +1, and Share buttons for Facebook, Google+1, Twitter, etc. will display an information window in which the user can edit the text before it is sent. Our users can share the content of this page on social networks without their providers creating profiles of users' surfing behavior. Facebook plugins (Like & Share buttons) Our website includes plugins for the social network Facebook, Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. The Facebook plugins can be recognized by the Facebook logo or the Like button on our site. For an overview of Facebook plugins, see https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. When you visit our site, a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server is established via the plugin. This enables Facebook to receive information that you have visited our site from your IP address. If you click on the Facebook "Like button" while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the content of our site to your Facebook profile. This allows Facebook to associate visits to our site with your user account. Please note that, as the operator of this site, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted to Facebook or of how Facebook uses these data. For more information, please see Facebook's privacy policy at https://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php. If you do not want Facebook to associate your visit to our site with your Facebook account, please log out of your Facebook account. Twitter plugin Functions of the Twitter service have been integrated into our website and app. These features are offered by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. When you use Twitter and the “Retweet” function, the websites you visit are connected to your Twitter account and made known to other users. In doing so, data will also be transferred to Twitter. We would like to point out that, as the provider of these pages, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or how it will be used by Twitter. For more information on Twitter's privacy policy, please go to https://twitter.com/privacy. Your privacy preferences with Twitter can be modified in your account settings at https://twitter.com/account/settings. Google+ plugin Our pages use Google+ functions. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Collection and disclosure of information: Using the Google +1 button allows you to publish information worldwide. By means of the Google+ button, you and other users can receive custom content from Google and our partners. Google stores both the fact that you have +1'd a piece of content and information about the page you were viewing when you clicked +1. Your +1 can be displayed together with your profile name and photo in Google services, for example in search results or in your Google profile, or in other places on websites and advertisements on the Internet. Google records information about your +1 activities to improve Google services for you and others. To use the Google + button, you need a globally visible, public Google profile that must contain at least the name chosen for the profile. This name is used by all Google services. In some cases, this name may also replace a different name that you have used to share content via your Google account. The identity of your Google profile can be shown to users who know your email address or other information that can identify you. Use of collected data: In addition to the uses mentioned above, the information you provide is used in accordance with the applicable Google data protection policies. Google may publish summary statistics about users' +1 activity or share it with users and partners, such as publishers, advertisers, or affiliate websites. Instagram plugin Our website contains functions of the Instagram service. These functions are offered by Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA. If you are logged into your Instagram account, you can click the Instagram button to link the content of our pages with your Instagram profile. This means that Instagram can associate visits to our pages with your user account. As the provider of this website, we expressly point out that we receive no information on the content of the transmitted data or its use by Instagram. For more information, see the Instagram Privacy Policy: https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/. Tumblr plugin Our pages use the buttons of the Tumblr service. It is operated by Tumblr, Inc., 35 East 21st St., 10th Floor, New York, NY 10010, USA. These functions allow you to share a post or a page on Tumblr or to follow the provider on Tumblr. When you visit one of our websites using the Tumblr button, the browser establishes a direct connection to the Tumblr servers. We have no influence on the amount of data that Tumblr gathers and transmits with the plugin. Based on our current knowledge, we believe that the user's IP address and the URL of the respective website are transmitted. Further information can be found in Tumblr's privacy policy at https://www.tumblr.com/policy/de/privacy. LinkedIn plugin Our site uses functions from the LinkedIn network. The service is provided by LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Each time one of our pages containing LinkedIn features is accessed, your browser establishes a direct connection to the LinkedIn servers. LinkedIn is informed that you have visited our web pages from your IP address. If you use the LinkedIn “Recommend” button and are logged into your LinkedIn account, it is possible for LinkedIn to associate your visit to our website to your user account. We would like to point out that, as the provider of these pages, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or how it will be used by LinkedIn. More information can be found in the LinkedIn privacy policy at https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy. XING Plugin Our website uses features provided by the XING network. The provider is XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. Each time one of our pages containing XING features is accessed, your browser establishes a direct connection to the XING servers. To the best of our knowledge, no personal data is stored in the process. In particular, no IP addresses are stored nor is usage behavior evaluated. For more information about data protection and the XING Share button, please see the XING privacy policy at https://www.xing.com/app/share?op=data_protection. Pinterest plugin Our website contains functions of the Pinterest social network, operated by Pinterest Inc., 635 High Street, Palo Alto, CA, 94301, USA. When you visit a page containing the Pinterest social plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Pinterest servers. The plugin transmits this log data to Pinterest servers in the United States. This log data may include your IP address, the address of the websites visited, which also includes Pinterest features, browser type and settings, the date and time of the request, how you use Pinterest, and cookies. More information about the purpose, scope and further processing and use of data by Pinterest, as well as your rights and options to protect your privacy, can be found in the privacy notices of Pinterest: https://about.pinterest.com/de/privacy-policy. 5. Analytics and advertising Google Analytics This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google Analytics cookies are stored based on Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its website and its advertising. IP anonymization We have activated the IP anonymization feature on this website. Your IP address will be shortened by Google within the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area prior to transmission to the United States. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity, and to provide other services regarding website activity and Internet usage for the website operator. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with any other data held by Google. Browser plugin You can prevent these cookies being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, we wish to point out that doing so may mean you will not be able to enjoy the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent the data generated by cookies about your use of the website (incl. your IP address) from being passed to Google, and the processing of these data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. Objecting to the collection of data You can prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set to prevent your data from being collected on future visits to this site: Disable Google Analytics. For more information about how Google Analytics handles user data, see Google's privacy policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.Outsourced data processing We have entered into an agreement with Google for the outsourcing of our data processing and fully implement the strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using Google Analytics. Demographic data collection by Google Analytics This website uses Google Analytics' demographic features. This allows reports to be generated containing statements about the age, gender, and interests of site visitors. This data comes from interest-based advertising from Google and third-party visitor data. This collected data cannot be attributed to any specific individual person. You can disable this feature at any time by adjusting the ads settings in your Google account or you can forbid the collection of your data by Google Analytics as described in the section "Refusal of data collection". Google AdSense This website uses Google AdSense, a service for including advertisements from Google Inc. ("Google"). It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google AdSense uses so-called "cookies", which are text files stored in your computer that enable an analysis of the way you use the website. Google AdSense also uses so-called web beacons (invisible graphics). Through these web beacons, information such as the visitor traffic on these pages can be evaluated. The information generated by cookies and web beacons relating to your use of this website (including your IP address), and delivery of advertising formats, is transmitted to a Google server in the US and stored there. This information can be passed on from Google to contracting parties of Google. However, Google will not merge your IP address with other data you have stored. AdSense cookies are stored based on Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its website and its advertising. You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly. Please be aware that in this case, you may not be able to make full use of all the features of this website. By using this website, you agree to the processing of data relating to you and collected by Google as described and for the purposes set out above. Google Analytics Remarketing Our websites use the features of Google Analytics Remarketing combined with the cross-device capabilities of Google AdWords and DoubleClick. This service is provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. This feature makes it possible to link target audiences for promotional marketing created with Google Analytics Remarketing to the cross-device capabilities of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. This allows advertising to be displayed based on your personal interests, identified based on your previous usage and surfing behavior on one device (e.g. your mobile phone), on other devices (such as a tablet or computer). Once you have given your consent, Google will associate your web and app browsing history with your Google Account for this purpose. That way, any device that signs in to your Google Account can use the same personalized promotional messaging. To support this feature, Google Analytics collects Google-authenticated IDs of users that are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics data to define and create audiences for cross-device ad promotion. You can permanently opt out of cross-device remarketing/targeting by turning off personalized advertising in your Google Account; follow this link: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/. The aggregation of the data collected in your Google Account data is based solely on your consent, which you may give or withdraw from Google per Art. 6 (1) (a) DSGVO. For data collection operations not merged into your Google Account (for example, because you do not have a Google Account or have objected to the merge), the collection of data is based on Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing anonymous user behavior for promotional purposes. For more information and the Google Privacy Policy, go to: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/. Google AdWords and Google Conversion Tracking This website uses Google AdWords. AdWords is an online advertising program from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States ("Google"). As part of Google AdWords, we use so-called conversion tracking. When you click on an ad served by Google, a conversion tracking cookie is set. Cookies are small text files that your internet browser stores on your computer. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used for personal identification of the user. Should the user visit certain pages of the website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and the website can tell that the user clicked on the ad and proceeded to that page. Each Google AdWords advertiser has a different cookie. Thus, cookies cannot be tracked using the website of an AdWords advertiser. The information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for the AdWords advertisers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers are told the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a conversion tracking tag page. However, advertisers do not obtain any information that can be used to personally identify users. If you do not want to participate in tracking, you can opt-out of this by easily disabling the Google Conversion Tracking cookie by changing your browser settings. In doing so, you will not be included in the conversion tracking statistics. Conversion cookies are stored based on Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its website and its advertising. For more information about Google AdWords and Google Conversion Tracking, see the Google Privacy Policy: https://www.google.de/policies/privacy/. You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website. 6. Plugins and tools YouTube Our website uses plugins from YouTube, which is operated by Google. The operator of the pages is YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. If you visit one of our pages featuring a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. Here the YouTube server is informed about which of our pages you have visited. If you're logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account. YouTube is used to help make our website appealing. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of YouTube under https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google Web Fonts For uniform representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by Google. When you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly. For this purpose your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers. Google thus becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our website. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer. Further information about handling user data, can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google's privacy policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. Google Maps This site uses the Google Maps map service via an API. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. To use Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is generally transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this site has no influence on this data transfer. The use of Google Maps is in the interest of making our website appealing and to facilitate the location of places specified by us on the website. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of Google at https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/. Öffungszeiten Mo - Do: 09:00 - 18:00 Uhr Sa: 09:00 - 18:00 Uhr Fr und So: geschlossen Services Terminvereinbarung KFZ-Sachverständiger / Gutachter KFZ Klimaservice Kontakt Tags Oil Bremsen Motor Reifen Felgen KFZ Auto Getriebe Autoglas BremsenDOC Klimaservice Batterie Werkstatt Achsvermessung TÜV/AU Quick Kontakt KFZ Meisterbetrieb ZemoWiescher Weg 116A45472 Mülheim a.d. RuhrTelefon 0208-941399-55 Copyright © 2018 ZEMO master car company. All Rights Reserved Imprint | Disclaimer | privacy