Automotive master workshop ZEMO | Automotive electrics & electronics service Write to us: info@kfz-zemo.de Mülheim / Ruhr Wiescher Weg 116A 0208-941399-55 Call us. Home New Services TÜV / AU inspection vehicle electrics & electronics control unit update automatic & shift gears automatic transmission & power steering flushing tire & rim service wheel alignment vehicle air conditioning service auto glass service new vehicle expert / expert accident repair engine tuning brake doc Contact Appointment automatic & shift gear flushing € 199, - Automatic & gearbox flushing The running time of automatic transmissions can be extended significantly with the flushing method. The automatic then shifts like new, abrasion is removed from the transmission, damage due to poor shift behavior is avoided. The price: just a little higher than an oil change. The effect: our customers are enthusiastic about the switching behavior. At KFZ-Zemo we use the market leading Tim Eckart method for gear flushing. The advantages of flushing the transmission at a glance: Comfort: Better shift behavior Longer service life of the transmission Lower fuel consumption In many cases, earlier, faster and smoother shift times reduce fuel consumption. The economy of a gearbox flushing is already given by the longer service life of the automatic transmission. Our services TÜV / AU inspection vehicle electrics & electronics control unit update automatic & manual transmission gear & power steering rinsing tire & rim service wheel alignment vehicle air conditioning service auto glass service new vehicle expert / expert accident removal engine tuning opening hours Mon - Thu: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa: 9 a.m. Hours - 6 p.m. Fri and Sun: closed opening times Mon - Thu: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. Fri and Sun: closed Engine Tire Rims Automotive Car Transmission Auto Glass BrakesDOC Air Conditioning Service Battery Workshop Wheel Alignment TÜV / AU Quick Contact Automotive Master Shop ZemoWiescher Weg 116A45472 Mülheim ad RuhrTelefon 0208-941399-55 Copyright © 2018 ZEMO master car company. All Rights Reserved Imprint | Disclaimer | privacy