This data protection declaration clarifies the type, scope and purpose of the processing of personal data (hereinafter referred to as "data") within our online offer and the associated websites, functions and content as well as external online presences, e.g. our social media profile (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "online offer"). With regard to the terminology used, e.g. “Processing” or “responsible person”, we refer to the definitions in Art. 4 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). ResponsibleFahrrad-Frank D-10115 Berlin, Torstr. 220 E-Mail: mail@fahrradfrank.de Owner: Frank Gratz Imprint: www.fahrradfrank.de/impressum Types of processed data: - Inventory data (e.g. names, addresses). - Contact details (e.g., email, telephone numbers). - Content data (e.g. text entries, photographs, videos). - Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times). - Meta / communication data (e.g., device information, IP addresses). Categories of data subjects Visitors and users of the online offer (in the following we refer to the data subjects collectively as "users"). Purpose of processing - providing the online offer, its functions and content. - Answering contact requests and communicating with users. - Safety measures. - Range measurement / marketing The terms used "personal data" are all information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter "data subject"); An identifiable person is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by assigning an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier (e.g. cookie) or one or more special features, expressing the physical, physiological, genetic, psychological, economic, cultural or social identity of this natural person. “Processing” is any process carried out with or without the help of automated processes or any such series of processes in connection with personal data. The term goes far and covers practically every handling of data. "Pseudonymization" means the processing of personal data in such a way that the personal data can no longer be assigned to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that this additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organizational measures that ensure that the personal data cannot be assigned to an identified or identifiable natural person. “Profiling” means any type of automated processing of personal data, which consists in the fact that this personal data is used to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular aspects relating to work performance, economic situation, health, personal Analyze or predict the preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or relocation of this natural person. The “person responsible” is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body that alone or together with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data. "Processor" means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body that processes personal data on behalf of the person responsible. Relevant legal basis In accordance with Art. 13 GDPR, we will inform you of the legal basis for our data processing. Unless the legal basis is mentioned in the data protection declaration, the following applies: The legal basis for obtaining consent is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a and Art. 7 GDPR, the legal basis for processing for the performance of our services and implementation of contractual measures as well as answering inquiries is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR, the legal basis for processing to fulfill our legal obligations is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. c GDPR, and the legal basis for processing to protect our legitimate interests is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. In the event that vital interests of the data subject or another natural person require the processing of personal data, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. d GDPR as the legal basis. Security measuresWe take measures in accordance with Art. 32 GDPR, taking into account the state of the art, the implementation costs and the type, scope, circumstances and purposes of processing, as well as the different probability of occurrence and severity of the risk to rights and freedoms natural persons, suitable technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of protection appropriate to the risk. The measures include, in particular, ensuring the confidentiality, integrity and availability of data by controlling the physical access to the data, as well as the access, input, transfer, securing availability and its separation. Furthermore, we have set up procedures that guarantee the exercise of data subject rights, deletion of data and reaction to data threats. We also take the protection of personal data into account when developing or selecting hardware, software and processes, in accordance with the principle of data protection through technology design and data protection-friendly default settings (Art. 25 GDPR). Cooperation with processors and third parties If we disclose data to other people and companies (processors or third parties) in the course of our processing, transmit them to them or otherwise grant them access to the data, this will only be done on the basis of a legal permission (e.g. if a transfer of the Data to third parties, such as payment service providers, is required to fulfill the contract in accordance with Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR), you have consented to this, a legal obligation provides for this or on the basis of our legitimate interests (e.g. when using agents, web hosts, Etc.). If we commission third parties to process data on the basis of a so-called "order processing contract", this is done on the basis of Art. 28 GDPR.Transmissions to third countries insofar as we have data in a third country (ie outside the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area ( EEA)) or this takes place within the framework of the use of third party services or disclosure or transmission of data to third parties, this will only take place if it is to fulfill our (pre) contractual obligations, based on your consent, on the basis of a legal obligation or happens on the basis of our legitimate interests. Subject to legal or contractual permissions, we process or have the data processed in a third country only if the special requirements of Art. 44 ff. GDPR are met. I.e. the processing takes place e.g. on the basis of special guarantees, such as the officially recognized determination of a data protection level corresponding to the EU (e.g. for the USA through the "Privacy Shield") or compliance with officially recognized special contractual obligations (so-called "standard contractual clauses"). Rights of the data subjects You have the right to to request confirmation as to whether the data in question are being processed and for information about this data as well as for further information and a copy of the data in accordance with Art. 15 GDPR. You have accordingly. Art. 16 DSGVO the right to request the completion of the data concerning you or the correction of the incorrect data concerning you. In accordance with Art. 17 GDPR, you have the right to request that the data in question be deleted immediately, or alternatively, in accordance with Art. 18 GDPR, to request that the processing of the data be restricted. You have the right to request that the data concerning you, which you have provided to us, be received in accordance with Art. 20 GDPR and to request their transmission to other responsible persons. You have also gem. Art. 77 DSGVO the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. Right of withdrawalYou have the right to withdraw consent in accordance with Art. 7 para. 3 GDPR with effect for the future. Right of objection You can object to the future processing of your data in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR at any time. The objection can in particular be made against processing for the purposes of direct advertising. Cookies and right to object to direct advertising As "cookies" are small files that are stored on users' computers. Different information can be stored within the cookies. A cookie is primarily used to store information about a user (or the device on which the cookie is stored) during or after their visit within an online offer. Temporary cookies, or “session cookies” or “transient cookies”, are cookies that are deleted after a user leaves an online offer and closes his browser. In such a cookie e.g. the content of a shopping cart in an online shop or a login status can be saved. Cookies are referred to as "permanent" or "persistent" and remain saved even after the browser is closed. For example, the login status is saved if the users visit it after several days. Such a cookie can also be used to store the interests of users who are used for range measurement or marketing purposes. A “third party cookie” refers to cookies that are offered by providers other than the person responsible for operating the online offer (otherwise, if they are only their cookies, we speak of “first party cookies”). We can use temporary and permanent cookies and clarify this in the context of our data protection declaration. If users do not want cookies to be stored on their computer, they are asked to deactivate the corresponding option in the system settings of their browser. Stored cookies can be deleted in the system settings of the browser. The exclusion of cookies can lead to functional restrictions of this online offer. A general objection to the use of cookies used for online marketing purposes can be found on a large number of services, especially in the case of tracking, via the US website http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or the EU website http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ be explained. Furthermore, cookies can be saved by switching them off in the browser settings. Please note that it may then not be possible to use all functions of this online offer. Deletion of data The data processed by us is deleted in accordance with Articles 17 and 18 GDPR or its processing is restricted. Unless expressly stated in this data protection declaration, the data stored by us will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required for its intended purpose and there are no statutory retention requirements to prevent deletion. If the data is not deleted because it is required for other and legally permissible purposes, its processing will be restricted. I.e. the data will be blocked and not processed for other purposes. This applies e.g. for data that must be kept for commercial or tax reasons. According to legal requirements in Germany, storage is carried out for 10 years in particular in accordance with §§ 147 Paragraph 1 AO, 257 Paragraph 1 No. 1 and 4, Paragraph 4 HGB (books, records, management reports, accounting documents, trading books, more relevant for taxation Documents, etc.) and 6 years according to § 257 Paragraph 1 No. 2 and 3, Paragraph 4 HGB (commercial letters). According to legal requirements in Austria, storage is carried out for 7 years in particular in accordance with Section 132 (1) BAO (accounting documents, receipts / invoices, accounts, receipts, business papers, statement of income and expenses, etc.) for 22 years in connection with land and for 10 years for documents in connection with electronically provided services, telecommunication, radio and television services, which are provided to non-entrepreneurs in EU member states and for which the mini-one-stop shop (MOSS) is used we process - contract data (e.g., subject of contract, term, customer category). - Payment data (e.g., bank details, payment history) from our customers, prospects and business partners for the purpose of providing contractual services, service and customer care, marketing, advertising and market research.Contractual servicesWe process the data of our contract partners and prospects as well as other clients, customers, clients, clients or Contract partner (uniformly referred to as "contract partner") in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b. GDPR, to provide you with our contractual or pre-contractual services. The data processed here, the type, scope, purpose and necessity of their processing are determined by the underlying contractual relationship. The processed data includes the master data of our contractual partners (e.g., names and addresses), contact details (e.g. email addresses and telephone numbers) as well as contract data (e.g., services used, contract content, contractual communication, names of contact persons) and payment data (e.g., Bank details, payment history). We generally do not process special categories of personal data, unless they are part of commissioned or contractual processing. We process data that are necessary for the establishment and fulfillment of the contractual services and point out the necessity of their specification, unless this is evident to the contractual partners. Disclosure to external persons or companies only takes place if it is required under a contract. When processing the data provided to us as part of an order, we act in accordance with the instructions of the client and the legal requirements. As part of the use of our online services, we can save the IP address and the time of the respective user action. The storage takes place on the basis of our legitimate interests, as well as the interests of the users in the protection against misuse and other unauthorized use. As a matter of principle, this data will not be passed on to third parties unless it is used to pursue our claims in accordance with. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR required or there is a legal obligation in accordance with. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c. GDPR. The data will be deleted if the data is no longer required to fulfill contractual or statutory care obligations and to deal with any warranty and comparable obligations, with the necessity of storing the data being checked every three years; otherwise, the statutory retention requirements apply. External payment service providers We use external payment service providers, the platforms of which users and we can carry out payment transactions (e.g., each with a link to the privacy policy, Paypal (https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full) , Klarna (https://www.klarna.com/de/datenschutz/), Skrill (https://www.skrill.com/de/fusszeile/datenschutzrichtlinie/), Giropay (https://www.giropay.de / legal / data protection terms and conditions /), Visa (https://www.visa.de/datenschutz), Mastercard (https://www.mastercard.de/de-de/datenschutz.html), American Express (https: //www.americanexpress.com/de/content/privacy-policy-statement.html) In the context of fulfilling contracts, we use the payment service providers on the basis of Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR external payment service providers on the basis of our legitimate interests in accordance with Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR in order to offer our users effective and secure payment options The data processed by the payment service provider include inventory data, such as the name and address, bank details, such as Account numbers or credit card numbers, passwords, TANs and checksums as well as the contract, sums and recipient-related information. The information is required to complete the transactions. However, the data entered will only be processed and saved by the payment service providers. I.e. we do not receive any account or credit card-related information, only information with confirmation or negative information about the payment. The data may be transmitted by the payment service provider to credit agencies. The purpose of this transmission is to verify identity and creditworthiness. We refer to the terms and conditions and data protection information of the payment service providers. The terms and conditions and the data protection notices of the respective payment service providers apply to the payment transactions, which can be called up within the respective websites or transaction applications. We also refer to this for further information and assertion of rights of revocation, information and other data subjects.Administration, financial accounting, office organization, contact managementWe process data in the context of administrative tasks and organization of our company, financial accounting and compliance with legal obligations, e.g. archiving. We process the same data that we process as part of the provision of our contractual services. The processing bases are Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. c. GDPR, Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f. GDPR. Customers, interested parties, business partners and website visitors are affected by the processing. The purpose and our interest in processing lies in the administration, financial accounting, office organization, archiving of data, i.e. tasks that serve to maintain our business activities, perform our tasks and provide our services. The deletion of the data with regard to contractual services and contractual communication corresponds to the information mentioned in these processing activities. We disclose or transmit data to the financial administration, consultants such as tax advisors or auditors, as well as other fee agencies and payment service providers. Furthermore, based on our business interests, we store information about suppliers, organizers and other business partners, e.g. for later contact. We generally store this mostly company-related data permanently. Business analysis and market research In order to operate our business economically, to be able to recognize market trends, wishes of the contractual partners and users, we analyze the data available to us regarding business transactions, contracts, inquiries, etc. We process inventory data, communication data, contract data, payment data, usage data, metadata Basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f. GDPR, whereby the data subjects include contractual partners, interested parties, customers, visitors and users of our online offer. The analyzes are carried out for the purpose of business evaluations, marketing and market research. We can provide the profiles of registered users with information, e.g. regarding their services used. The analyzes help us to increase user-friendliness, optimize our offer and business efficiency. The analyzes serve us alone and are not disclosed externally unless they are anonymous analyzes with summarized values. If these analyzes or profiles are personal, they will be deleted or anonymized upon termination of the user, otherwise after two years from the conclusion of the contract. In addition, the overall business analyzes and general trend determinations are created anonymously if possible. Online presences in social media We maintain online presences within social networks and platforms in order to communicate with the customers, interested parties and users active there and to be able to inform them about our services. We would like to point out that data from users outside the European Union can be processed. This can result in risks for the user, because e.g. enforcing users' rights could be difficult. With regard to US providers who are certified under the Privacy Shield, we would like to point out that they are committed to complying with EU data protection standards. In addition, user data is usually processed for market research and advertising purposes. For example, usage profiles are created from the usage behavior and the resulting interests of the users. The usage profiles can in turn be used to e.g. Place advertisements inside and outside of the platforms that presumably correspond to the interests of the users. For these purposes, cookies are usually stored on the users' computers, in which the usage behavior and interests of the users are stored. Furthermore, data can be stored in the usage profiles regardless of the devices used by the users (especially if the users are members of the respective platforms and are logged in to them). The processing of users' personal data takes place on the basis of our legitimate interests in effective information for users and communication with users in accordance with. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR. If the respective providers ask the users for their consent to data processing (i.e. declare their consent, e.g. by ticking a checkbox or confirming a button), the legal basis for processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a., Art. 7 GDPR. For a detailed description of the respective processing and the possibilities of objection (opt-out), we refer to the information linked below by the provider. Also in the case of requests for information and the assertion of user rights, we would like to point out that these can be most effectively asserted by the providers. Only the providers have access to user data and can take appropriate measures and provide information directly. If you still need help, you can contact us. - Facebook (Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbor, Dublin 2, Ireland) - Data protection declaration: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/, opt-out: https: // www. facebook.com/settings?tab=ads and http://www.youronlinechoices.com, Privacy Shield: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active. - Google / YouTube (Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) - Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy, Opt-Out: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated , Privacy Shield: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active. - Instagram (Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA) - Privacy Policy / Opt-Out: http://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/. - Twitter (Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA) - Data protection declaration: https://twitter.com/de/privacy, opt-out: https://twitter.com/personalization , Privacy Shield: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TORzAAO&status=Active. - Pinterest (Pinterest Inc., 635 High Street, Palo Alto, CA, 94301, USA) - Privacy Policy / Opt-Out: https://about.pinterest.com/de/privacy-policy. - LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland) - privacy policy https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy, opt-out: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest -controls / retargeting-opt-out, Privacy Shield: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000L0UZAA0&status=Active. - Xing (XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany) - Data protection declaration / opt-out: https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung. - Wakalet (Wakelet Limited, 76 Quay Street, Manchester, M3 4PR, United Kingdom) - Privacy Policy / Opt-Out: https://wakelet.com/privacy.html. - Soundcloud (SoundCloud Limited, Rheinsberger Str. 76/77, 10115 Berlin, Germany) - Data protection declaration / opt-out: https://soundcloud.com/pages/privacy. Integration of services and third-party content We use our online offer based on our legitimate interests (ie interest in the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer within the meaning of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. DSGVO) content or service offers from third-party providers to their content and services, such as Include videos or fonts (hereinafter referred to as “content”). This always presupposes that the third-party providers of this content perceive the IP address of the user, since without the IP address they could not send the content to their browser. The IP address is therefore required to display this content. We strive to only use content whose respective providers only use the IP address to deliver the content. Third-party providers can also use so-called pixel tags (invisible graphics, also known as "web beacons") for statistical or marketing purposes. The "pixel tags" can be used to evaluate information such as visitor traffic on the pages of this website. The pseudonymous information can also be stored in cookies on the user's device and contain, among other things, technical information on the browser and operating system, referring websites, time of visit and other information on the use of our online offer, as well as be linked to such information from other sources the videos of the “YouTube” platform from Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Data protection declaration: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/, opt-out: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.OpenStreetMapWe integrate the maps of the "OpenStreetMap" service (https: // www. openstreetmap.de), which are offered on the basis of the Open Data Commons Open Database License (ODbL) by the OpenStreetMap Foundation (OSMF). Privacy Policy: https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Privacy_Policy. As far as we know, the data of the users are used by OpenStreetMap exclusively for the purpose of displaying the map functions and temporarily storing the selected settings. This data can include, in particular, IP addresses and location data of the users, which, however, are not collected without their consent (usually as part of the settings of their mobile devices). The data can be processed in the USA. Further information can be found in the data protection declaration of OpenStreetMap: https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Privacy_Policy.Use of Facebook Social Plugins We use on the basis of our legitimate interests (ie interest in the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer in the sense 6 (1) (f) GDPR) Social Plugins ("Plugins") of the social network facebook.com, which is operated by Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbor, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Facebook"). For this, e.g. Contents such as images, videos or texts and buttons belong with which users can share the contents of this online offer within Facebook. The list and appearance of the Facebook social plugins can be viewed here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. Facebook is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus offers a guarantee to comply with European data protection law (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active). When a user calls up a function of this online offer that contains such a plugin, his device establishes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plug-in is transmitted from Facebook directly to the user's device, which integrates it into the online offer. User profiles of the users can be created from the processed data. We therefore have no influence on the scope of the data that Facebook collects with the help of this plugin and therefore informs the users according to our level of knowledge. By integrating the plugins, Facebook receives the information that a user has called up the corresponding page of the online offer. If the user is logged into Facebook, Facebook can assign the visit to their Facebook account. If users interact with the plugins, for example by pressing the Like button or leaving a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from your device directly to Facebook and stored there. If a user is not a member of Facebook, there is still the possibility that Facebook will find out and save his IP address. According to Facebook, only an anonymized IP address is saved in Germany. The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook as well as the related rights and setting options for protecting the privacy of users can be found in Facebook's data protection information: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ . If a user is a Facebook member and does not want Facebook to collect data about him via this online offer and link it to his member data stored on Facebook, he must log out of Facebook before using our online offer and delete his cookies. Further settings and contradictions regarding the use of data for advertising purposes are possible within the Facebook profile settings: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads or via the US website http://www.aboutads.info / choices / or the EU site http://www.youronlinechoices.com/. The settings are platform independent, i.e. they are adopted for all devices, such as desktop computers or mobile devices. Created with Datenschutz-Generator.de by RA Dr. Thomas Schwenke - Fahrrad-Frank Sales, rental, service Summer opening hours: Mon-Fri 10 am-8pm, Sat 10 am-6pm Member of the VSF (Service and Bicycle Association) Imprint Responsible in the sense of the Telemedia Act / GDPR Frank Gratz (owner) Torstr. 220 10115 Berlin Telephone: +49 30 28599750 E-Mail: mail@fahrradfrank.de USt.IdNr: DE 162530764 Professional liability insurance: SIGNAL IDUNA Allgemeine Versicherung AG 44121 Dortmund Area of ​​application: Germany-wide <- back