Company - Autohaus Berkemeier Company History Career Contact Opel VW START LOCATIONS Your car dealership in Münster Your car dealership in Steinfurt Your car dealership in Greven Your car dealership in Saerbeck OFFERS New cars Young Opel used cars We buy your car Financing Service offers SERVICE Workshop Body shop and paint shop Accident management Insurance service Car rental VEHICLE SEARCH COMPANY Career History CONTACT Imprint Privacy Policy Menu PreviousNext123 Berkemeier - The Company With four locations in the heart of the Münsterland region, the Berkemeier dealership is now one of the largest Opel partners in this region. In addition to the advantages of a large dealer, our customers especially enjoy the personal proximity of a real family business. The quality of our employees is our greatest and most important potential. However, if a completely satisfactory solution cannot be found for our customers, a family member is always available to be able to react quickly and flexibly to the situation. This proximity and flexibility has characterized us for almost 100 years and we look forward to being able to convince you again and again of these strengths to keep you mobile. In addition, we try to assume social responsibility in the Münsterland. In addition to the extensive training opportunities at our locations, we support many non-profit organizations and associations. Your family and your Berkemeier team Your career at Berkemeier! Our dealerships in the Münsterland Autohaus Berkemeier Saerbeck 02574 87-0 Contact, how to find us, opening times dealers' side Opel Berkemeier in Saerbeck? Autohaus Berkemeier? Münster 0251 97821-0 Opel Berkemeier dealership in Greven Berkemeier dealership Steinfurt 02551 70470-0 Contact, how to find us, opening times Opel Berkemeier dealership in Steinfurt We take responsibility In the area of ​​ecology and environmental management, we have been awarded the "Eco-Profit Environmental Certificate". Ökoprofit is the name of a project that is funded by the NRW Ministry for Climate Protection, Environment, Agriculture, Nature and Consumer Protection. If you would like to experience the future trend of “electric mobility” up close at Berkemeier, we would like to invite you to a test drive with the Opel Ampera-e. We also focus on sustainability and ecological efficiency in our work in the workshops and paint shop. Our modern photovoltaic system, economical heating systems and dynamic light control ensure that energy is used efficiently. The environment is also protected by environmentally friendly paints and modern filter and suction systems. Opel in Münster Opel in Steinfurt Opel in Greven Opel in Saerbeck Münster Telephone: 0251 97821-0 Opel in Münster Opel in Steinfurt Opel in Greven Opel in Saerbeck Steinfurt Telephone: 02551 70470-0 Autohaus Münster Autohaus Steinfurt Autohaus Greven Autohaus Saerbeck Car dealer Münsterland Car seller in Münsterland Car sales in Münsterland Greven Telephone: 02571 9195-0 Car dealer for Opel Automobil Münsterland KFZ Münsterland Motor vehicle Münsterland Accident management Münsterland VW Service Steinfurt Telephone: 02551 70470-0 © Copyright - Autohaus Berkemeier | Implementation www.werbeagentur-willers.de Imprint | Privacy Policy Scroll up 24 h 0172 5300 300 Make an appointmentCareer