Junge Opel - Autohaus Berkemeier Company History Career Contact Opel VW START LOCATIONS Your car dealership in Münster Your car dealership in Steinfurt Your car dealership in Greven Your car dealership in Saerbeck OFFERS New cars Junge Opel Used cars We buy your car Financing Service offers SERVICE Workshop Body shop and paint shop Accident management Insurance service Rental car VEHICLE SEARCH COMPANY Career History CONTACT Imprint Privacy Policy Menu PreviousNext12 Berkemeier offer - Junge Opel As an OZG partner (Opel Certified Used Cars) we always have a selection of young Opel used cars on offer for you. These vehicles are characterized by their low vehicle age (6-24 months) and their low mileage (2,000 - 30,000km). We also have direct access to over 1,000 young Opel vehicles that are immediately available. In a consultation, our sales advisors can select the vehicle that is perfectly tailored to you and within a few days the vehicle will be ready to be handed over to you. Would you like to make an appointment with one of our sales advisors immediately? Make an appointment You can enjoy these other advantages when buying an Opel-certified used car OZG criteria Our vehicle market with all immediately available vehicles! Our car dealerships in Münsterland Autohaus Berkemeier Saerbeck 02574 87-0 Contact, how to find us, opening times dealers' side Opel Berkemeier in Saerbeck? Autohaus Berkemeier? Münster 0251 97821-0 Contact, how to find us, opening times dealer website Opel Berkemeier in Münster? Opel Berkemeier dealership in Greven Berkemeier dealership Steinfurt 02551 70470-0 Contact, directions, opening times Opel Berkemeier dealership in Steinfurt OZG criteria: Opel-certified used cars of your trust Quality, safety and reliability are the criteria that are decisive for OPEL CERTIFIED USED CARS. To ensure this, we check the vehicles in our dealership using a comprehensive checklist and can therefore guarantee that they are in perfect condition. Vehicle guarantee * You receive a comprehensive vehicle guarantee on every OPEL CERTIFIED USED CAR. The term is twelve months. Mobility protection * As every OPEL CERTIFIED USED CAR has been carefully checked, the risk of a breakdown is minimal. But if it does happen, we support you at home and abroad. 100-point quality check Our vehicles are subjected to this thorough check, perfectly prepared and only sold in perfect condition. HU validity of at least 18 months During the main inspection, an independent inspector also confirms that the vehicle has no safety defects. Guaranteed test drive You can take a short test drive with your dream vehicle to convince yourself of the driving characteristics. Maintenance-free for Opel vehicles The next inspection for your new Opel vehicle is due in six months at the earliest or after 6,000 km. Tailored financing offer Your OPEL CERTIFIED USED CAR partner will inform you about the various financing options and tailor them to your requirements. Guaranteed trade-in Your OPEL CERTIFIED USED CAR partner will be happy to offer you an evaluation of your current vehicle and make you a fair offer. Right to exchange * If the vehicle does not meet your expectations, you can exchange it for another OPEL CERTIFIED USED CAR after up to 500 kilometers or at the latest after eight days, provided an adequate vehicle is available from your Opel partner. TÜV NORD seal The independent testing organization TÜV NORD regularly checks with our partners whether all quality standards and customer promises are being met at all times. So you can be absolutely sure that you will get what we promise. * According to the conditions of the participating Opel partner. Opel in Münster Opel in Steinfurt Opel in Greven Opel in Saerbeck Münster Telephone: 0251 97821-0 Opel in Münster Opel in Steinfurt Opel in Greven Opel in Saerbeck Steinfurt Telephone: 02551 70470-0 Autohaus Münster Autohaus Steinfurt Autohaus Greven Autohaus Saerbeck Car dealer Münsterland Car seller in Münsterland Car sales in Münsterland Greven Telephone: 02571 9195-0 Car dealer for Opel Automobil Münsterland KFZ Münsterland Motor vehicle Münsterland Accident management Münsterland VW Service Steinfurt Telephone: 02551 70470-0 © Copyright - Autohaus Berkemeier | Implementation www.werbeagentur-willers.de Imprint | Privacy Policy Scroll up 24 h 0172 5300 300 Make an appointmentCareer