Privacy Policy - Berkemeier dealership Company History Careers Contact Opel VW START LOCATIONS Your dealership in Münster Your dealership in Steinfurt Your dealership in Greven Your dealership in Saerbeck OFFERS New cars Young Opel used cars We buy your car Financing Service offers SERVICE Workshop Body shop and paint shop Accident management Insurance service Car rental VEHICLE SEARCH COMPANY Career History CONTACT Imprint Data protection declaration Menu PreviousNext12 Berkemeier - Data protection declaration 1. Data protection at a glance General information The following information provides a simple overview of what happens to your personal data when you visit our website. Personal data is all data with which you can be personally identified. You can find detailed information on the subject of data protection in our data protection declaration below this text. Data collection on our website Who is responsible for data collection on this website? The data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. You can find their contact details in the imprint of this website. How do we collect your data? On the one hand, your data is collected by you communicating it to us. This can e.g. are data that you enter in a contact form. Our IT systems automatically collect other data when you visit the website. This is primarily technical data (e.g. internet browser, operating system or time of the page visit). This data is recorded automatically as soon as you enter our website. What do we use your data for? Part of the data is collected to ensure that the website is provided correctly. Other data can be used to analyze your user behavior. What rights do you have regarding your data? You have the right to receive information about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data at any time free of charge. You also have the right to request that this data be corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about data protection. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. Analysis tools and tools from third-party providers When you visit our website, your surfing behavior can be statistically evaluated. This happens primarily with cookies and with so-called analysis programs. Your surfing behavior is usually analyzed anonymously; the surfing behavior cannot be traced back to you. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. You can find detailed information on this in the following data protection declaration. You can object to this analysis. We will inform you about the possibilities of objection in this data protection declaration. 2. General information and mandatory information Data protection The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration. When you use this website, various personal data are collected. Personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. This data protection declaration explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this is done. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from access by third parties. Note on the responsible body The responsible body for data processing on this website is: Berkemeier GmbH Ibbenbürener Str. 19 - 23 48369 Saerbeck Phone: 02574 87-0 E-Mail: info@auto-berkemeier.de The responsible body is the natural or legal person who alone or together with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names, email addresses, etc.). Data protection officer required by law We have appointed a data protection officer for our company. Data protection officer of Berkemeier GmbH: Bernd van Straelen trans-acta Datenschutz GmbH Egbert-Snoek-Str. 1 48155 Münster Telephone: +49 251 70 38 99 0 E-Mail: datenschutz@trans-acta.de Revocation of your consent to data processing Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal email to us. The legality of the data processing carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. Right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority In the event of data protection violations, the person concerned has the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. The responsible supervisory authority for data protection issues is the state data protection officer of the federal state in which our company is based. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html. Right to data portability You have the right to have data that we process automatically based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract handed over to you or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you request the direct transfer of the data to another person responsible, this will only take place if it is technically feasible. SSL or TLS encryption For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or inquiries that you send to us as the site operator, this site uses SSL or. TLS encryption. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from “http: //” to “https: //” and by the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data that you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties. Information, blocking, deletion You have the right to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, the right to correction, blocking or deletion of this data. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about personal data. Objection to advertising emails We hereby object to the use of contact data published within the scope of the imprint for sending unsolicited advertising and information material. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam e-mails. 3. Data collection on our website Cookies Some of the websites use so-called cookies. Cookies do no damage to your computer and contain no viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective and safer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted. Cookies that are required to carry out the electronic communication process or to provide certain functions you require (e.g. shopping cart function) are set on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR saved. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. Insofar as other cookies (e.g. cookies for analyzing your surfing behavior) are stored, these are treated separately in this data protection declaration. Server log files The website provider automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are: Browser type and browser version Operating system used Referrer URL Host name of the accessing computer Time of the server request IP address A combination of this data with other data sources is not carried out. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures. Contact form If you send us inquiries using the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the inquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. We will not pass on this data without your consent. The processing of the data entered in the contact form takes place exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 a GDPR). You can withdraw this consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal email to us. The legality of the data processing operations carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. The data you enter in the contact form will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory legal provisions - especially retention periods - remain unaffected. 4. Analysis tools and advertising Google Analytics This website uses functions of the web analytics service Google Analytics. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google Analytics cookies are stored on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both its website and its advertising. IP anonymization We have activated the IP anonymization function on this website. As a result, your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area before it is transmitted to the USA. The full IP address is only transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services related to website activity and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. Browser plugin You can prevent cookies from being saved by making the appropriate settings in your browser software; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading the browser plug-in available under the following link and install: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. Objection to data collection You can prevent Google Analytics from collecting your data by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie is set that prevents the collection of your data on future visits to this website: Deactivate Google Analytics. You can find more information on the handling of user data at Google Analytics in Google's privacy policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de. Order data processing We have concluded a contract for order data processing with Google and fully implement the strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using Google Analytics. Google reCAPTCHA We use “Google reCAPTCHA” (hereinafter “reCAPTCHA”) on our websites. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). ReCAPTCHA is intended to check whether the data entry on our websites (e.g. in a contact form) is carried out by a human or by an automated program. For this purpose, reCAPTCHA analyzes the behavior of the website visitor based on various characteristics. This analysis begins automatically as soon as the website visitor enters the website. For analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates various information (e.g. IP address, length of time the website visitor stays on the website or mouse movements made by the user). The data collected during the analysis are forwarded to Google. The reCAPTCHA analyzes run completely in the background. Website visitors are not advised that an analysis is taking place. Data processing is based on Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in protecting its website from abusive automated spying and SPAM. For more information about Google reCAPTCHA and Google's privacy policy, please see the following links: https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/ and https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/android. html. 5. Newsletter newsletter data If you would like to receive the newsletter offered on the website, we need an e-mail address from you as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the e-mail address provided and upon receipt of the newsletter agree. No further data is collected, or only on a voluntary basis. We only use this data to send the requested information and do not pass it on to third parties. The data entered in the newsletter registration form will only be processed on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 a GDPR). You can revoke your consent to the storage of the data, the e-mail address and its use for sending the newsletter at any time, for example via the "unsubscribe" link in the newsletter. The legality of the data processing that has already taken place remains unaffected by the revocation. The data you have stored with us for the purpose of subscribing to the newsletter will be stored by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter and deleted after you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Data that we have stored for other purposes (e.g. e-mail addresses for the member area) remain unaffected. 6. Plugins and tools YouTube Our website uses plugins from the Google-operated YouTube site. The website is operated by YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. If you visit one of our pages equipped with a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers will be established. The YouTube server is informed which of our pages you have visited. If you are logged into your YouTube account, you enable YouTube to assign your surfing behavior directly to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account. YouTube is used in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Further information on the handling of user data can be found in YouTube's data protection declaration at: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google Web Fonts This page uses so-called web fonts, which are provided by Google, for the uniform display of fonts. When you call up a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache in order to display texts and fonts correctly. For this purpose, the browser you are using must connect to the Google servers. This gives Google knowledge that our website has been accessed via your IP address. Google Web Fonts are used in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font will be used by your computer. Further information on Google Web Fonts can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google's privacy policy: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. Google Maps This page uses the Google Maps map service via an API. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. To use the functions of Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this page has no influence on this data transmission. The use of Google Maps is in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers and to make it easier to find the places we have indicated on the website. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. More information on the handling of user data can be found in Google's data protection declaration: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/. Your career at Berkemeier! Our dealerships in the Münsterland Autohaus Berkemeier Saerbeck 02574 87-0 Contact, how to find us, opening times dealers' side Opel Berkemeier in Saerbeck? Autohaus Berkemeier? Münster 0251 97821-0 Opel Berkemeier dealership in Greven Berkemeier dealership Steinfurt 02551 70470-0 Contact, directions, opening times Opel Berkemeier dealership in Steinfurt Opel in Münster Opel in Steinfurt Opel in Greven Opel in Saerbeck Münster Phone: 0251 97821-0 Opel in Münster Opel in Steinfurt Opel in Greven Opel in Saerbeck Steinfurt Phone: 02551 70470-0 Autohaus Münster Autohaus Steinfurt Autohaus Greven Autohaus Saerbeck Car dealer Münsterland Car seller in Münsterland Car sales in Münsterland Greven Phone: 02571 9195-0 Car dealer for Opel Automobil Münsterland KFZ Münsterland Motor vehicle Münsterland Accident Management Münst erland VW Service Steinfurt Phone: 02551 70470-0 © Copyright - Autohaus Berkemeier | Implementation www.werbeagentur-willers.de Imprint | Privacy Policy Scroll up 24 h 0172 5300 300 Make an appointmentCareer