Placeholder for site title, please change. MENU tires Hammer GmbH Home About us About unsAnfahrtStellenangeboteTeamReifen ReifenPKWTransporterreifenMotorradUnsere strong brand brand tire label offers tire insurance Wheels Wheels Wheel Configurator alloy wheels Color your carStahlfelgenAktuelle wheels Offers Winter KompletträderAnfahrschutzReparatur- and accessories financing Auto Service Auto Service Maintenance & Service Accessories mobility guarantee business customers GeschäftskundenFlottenPKW-ServiceE mobility Current date Home Car Transporter tires Motorcycle Our strong brands brand tire label offers tire insurance EU tire label following criteria represents the EU Tire Label : Fuel efficiency: The effects on the fuel efficiency of the vehicle in connection with the rolling resistance of the tire are marked with this symbol. Wet grip properties: The wet grip properties of the tire when braking have a direct impact on vehicle safety. Rolling noise: The external noise level of the tire (in decibels) is evaluated here, but not the rolling noise of the tire that can be heard in the vehicle. This labeling of tires is intended to make it easier for the end consumer to make a more conscious choice when buying, by taking these criteria into account in addition to the factors that are usually used to make a sales decision. With the introduction of the tire label, the legislator places special emphasis on increasing the safety and economic and ecological efficiency of road traffic by promoting fuel-efficient and safe tires with low rolling noise. Important to know: The three legally established criteria on the tire label are important, but not the only performance characteristics of tires. When it comes to choosing, the tire tests known from the press and from independent consumer associations are still indispensable. Advice in the tire trade is of crucial importance when it comes to choosing the right tire for your vehicle and your driver profile. Tire test vs. Tire label: Tested ... and approved. The three legally established criteria on the tire label are important, but not the only performance characteristics of tires. When it comes to choosing, the tire tests known from the press and from independent consumer associations are still indispensable. Test criteria Tire tests Tire label Dry road surface Stability x Handling x Braking x Wet road surface Stability x Handling x Braking x x Aquaplaning x Cornering x Tire noise inside x Outside x x Roll resistance x x Tire wear x PAK in tires x High-speed test x The decisive factor: you as the driver. When it comes to fuel efficiency and safety, it's not just the tires and the type or condition of the vehicle that play a role. The most important thing here is your personal driving behavior: An ecological driving style and the right air pressure in the tires usually have a greater impact on fuel consumption than all technical facilities. A defensive and foresighted driving style, especially in difficult road conditions, is of the utmost importance for your safety and that of your passengers and that of other road users. Your tire dealer: The expert helps with the selection Various criteria, personal focus The tire label only evaluates 3 possible criteria. With important factors such as handling, braking behavior on dry roads, behavior in aquaplaning or snow, etc., looking at the tire label does not help. This is where the expert comes in: Your point S salesperson can give you the best advice. He has access to the latest tire tests and can recommend the best tire for you. He will of course also take your personal preferences into account: a frequent driver with a sporty driving style sets different priorities when choosing tires than a comfort-oriented long-distance driver or a driver who is mostly on short journeys in city traffic. Address / Contact Reifen Hammer GmbH Altkötzschenbroda 39 01445 Radebeul Phone: 0351-8304690 Email: info@reifen-hammer.com ContactImprintTerms of UsePrivacy Policypoint S Deutschlandpoint S Contests