PRIVACY menu SARHOLZNEWSSPORTERGEBNISSEKTM BLOG RACE PHOTO VIDEO COMPANY HAPPY CUSTOMER COMPANY STORE SERVICE WORKSHOP RACING TEAMJOBPARTNERMOTORRÄDERKTM MODELLEPROBEFAHRZEUGEHUSQVARNA MODELLEMOTORRADANKAUFFINANZIERUNGGEBRAUCHTEMOBILE.DEZUBEHÖRRACING DECORS 2019ERSATZTEILE KTMACCESSORIESPOWERWEAR OFFROAD POWERWEAR STREET POWER PARTS OFF-ROAD POWER PARTS-STREETKTM RIDEKTM REDBULLKONTAKTMITARBEITERANFAHRTIMPRESSUMDATENSCHUTZ PRIVACY POLICY 1. GENERAL INFORMATION AND MANDATORY INFORMATION Notice The operators of these sites take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration. When you use this website, various personal data are collected. Personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. This data protection declaration explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this is done. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from access by third parties. Responsible body Responsible within the meaning of Article 4 No. 7 GDPR, the other member states of the European Union applicable data protection laws and other regulations with provisions of data protection character is: Sarholz Motorsport GmbH & Co. KGNassauerstr. 1956479 Niederroßbach Managing Director Andre Sarholz Phone +49 2664 8844Telefax +49 2664 5404email: This email address is being protected from spambots. To display JavaScript must be turned on! Data protection officer You can reach and contact our data protection officer at the following address: Oliver WörnerDSW 360Gartenstrasse 1056479 NiederroßbachTelephone +49 2664 99 77 41Telefax +49 2664 99 777 41email: This email address is being protected from spambots. To display JavaScript must be turned on! Revocation of your consent to data processing Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal email to us. The legality of the data processing carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. Right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority In the event of data protection violations, the person concerned has the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. The responsible supervisory authority for data protection issues is the state data protection officer of the federal state in which our company is based. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html. Right to data portability You have the right to have data that we process automatically based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract handed over to you or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you request the direct transfer of the data to another person responsible, this will only take place if it is technically feasible. SSL or TLS encryption For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or inquiries that you send to us as the site operator, this site uses SSL or. TLS encryption. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from “http: //” to “https: //” and by the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data that you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties. Information, blocking, deletion You have the right to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, the right to correction, blocking or deletion of this data. You can contact us at any time regarding the data provided under the responsible body or the data protection officer, as well as for further questions on the subject of personal data. Right to object If your personal data is based on legitimate interests in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR are processed, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in accordance with Article 21 GDPR, provided there are reasons for this that arise from your particular situation or the objection is directed against direct advertising. In the latter case, you have a general right to object, which we will implement without specifying a particular situation. If you would like to exercise your right of withdrawal or objection, just send an email to: This email address is being protected from spambots. To display JavaScript must be turned on! 2. DATA COLLECTION ON OUR WEBSITE Cookies The internet pages partly use so-called cookies. Cookies do no damage to your computer and contain no viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective and safer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted. Cookies that are required to carry out the electronic communication process or to provide certain functions you require (e.g. shopping cart function) are set on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR saved. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. Insofar as other cookies (e.g. cookies for analyzing your surfing behavior) are stored, these are treated separately in this data protection declaration. Server log files The website provider automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are: browser type and browser version used operating system referrer URL host name of the accessing computer time of the server request IP address a combination of this data with other data sources is not made. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures. Contact form If you send us inquiries using the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the inquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. We will not pass on this data without your consent. The processing of the data entered in the contact form takes place exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 a GDPR). You can withdraw this consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal email to us. The legality of the data processing operations carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. The data you enter in the contact form will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory legal provisions - especially retention periods - remain unaffected. 3. SOCIAL MEDIA Facebook plugins (Like & Share button) Plugins from the social network Facebook, provider Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA, are integrated on our pages. You can recognize the Facebook plugins by the Facebook logo or the "Like" button on our website. An overview of the Facebook plugins can be found here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. When you visit our website, the plugin establishes a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server. Facebook receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click the Facebook "Like" button while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the content of our pages to your Facebook profile. This enables Facebook to assign your visit to our website to your user account. We would like to point out that, as the provider of the website, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or how it is used by Facebook. For more information, see Facebook's privacy policy at: https://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php. If you do not want Facebook to be able to assign your visit to our website to your Facebook user account, please log out of your Facebook user account. 4. ANALYSIS TOOLS AND ADVERTISING Google AdWords and Google Conversion Tracking This website uses Google AdWords. AdWords is an online advertising program by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”). As part of Google AdWords, we use so-called conversion tracking. If you click on an advertisement placed by Google, a cookie for the conversion tracking is set. Cookies are small text files that the Internet browser places on the user's computer. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used to personally identify users. If the user visits certain pages of this website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and we can recognize that the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to this page. Every Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie. The cookies cannot be tracked through the websites of AdWords customers. The information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers learn the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, you will not receive any information that can be used to personally identify users. If you do not want to participate in tracking, you can object to this use by easily deactivating the Google conversion tracking cookie via your internet browser under user settings. You will then not be included in the conversion tracking statistics. “Conversion cookies” are saved on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both its website and its advertising. You can find more information on Google AdWords and Google Conversion Tracking in Google's data protection regulations: https://www.google.de/policies/privacy/. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted. Google reCAPTCHA We use “Google reCAPTCHA” (hereinafter “reCAPTCHA”) on our websites. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). ReCAPTCHA is intended to check whether the data entry on our websites (e.g. in a contact form) is carried out by a human or by an automated program. For this purpose, reCAPTCHA analyzes the behavior of the website visitor based on various characteristics. This analysis begins automatically as soon as the website visitor enters the website. For analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates various information (e.g. IP address, length of time the website visitor stays on the website or mouse movements made by the user). The data collected during the analysis are forwarded to Google. The reCAPTCHA analyzes run completely in the background. Website visitors are not advised that an analysis is taking place. Data processing is based on Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in protecting its website from abusive automated spying and SPAM. For more information about Google reCAPTCHA and Google's privacy policy, please see the following links: https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/ and https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/android. html. 5. NEWSLETTER We do not send a newsletter 6. PLUGINS AND TOOLS YouTube Our website uses plugins from the Google-operated YouTube site. The website is operated by YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. If you visit one of our pages equipped with a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers will be established. The YouTube server is informed which of our pages you have visited. If you are logged into your YouTube account, you enable YouTube to assign your surfing behavior directly to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account. YouTube is used in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Further information on the handling of user data can be found in YouTube's data protection declaration at: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Vimeo Our website uses plugins from the Vimeo video portal. The provider is Vimeo Inc., 555 West 18th Street, New York, New York 10011, USA. If you visit one of our pages equipped with a Vimeo plugin, a connection to the Vimeo servers is established. The Vimeo server is informed which of our pages you have visited. Vimeo also obtains your IP address. This also applies if you are not logged in to Vimeo or do not have a Vimeo account. The information collected by Vimeo is transmitted to the Vimeo server in the USA. If you are logged into your Vimeo account, you enable Vimeo to assign your surfing behavior directly to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your Vimeo account. Further information on the handling of user data can be found in Vimeo's data protection declaration at: https://vimeo.com/privacy. Google Web Fonts This page uses so-called web fonts, which are provided by Google, for the uniform display of fonts. When you call up a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache in order to display texts and fonts correctly. For this purpose, the browser you are using must connect to the Google servers. This gives Google knowledge that our website has been accessed via your IP address. Google Web Fonts are used in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font will be used by your computer. Further information on Google Web Fonts can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google's privacy policy: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. Google Maps This page uses the Google Maps map service via an API. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. To use the functions of Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this page has no influence on this data transmission. The use of Google Maps is in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers and to make it easier to find the places we have indicated on the website. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. More information on the handling of user data can be found in Google's data protection declaration: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/. 7. Up-to-dateness and change of this data protection declaration This data protection declaration is currently valid and has the status as of June 2018. Due to the further development of our website and offers about it or due to changed legal or official requirements, it may become necessary to change this data protection declaration. | Nassauer Strasse 19 | 56479 Niederrossbach | Telephone +49 2664 8844 Imprint Data protection Back to top We use cookies on our website. Some of them are essential for the operation of the site, while others help us to improve this website and the user experience (tracking cookies). You can decide yourself whether you want to allow cookies. Please note that in the event of a rejection, not all functionalities of the site may be available. Accept more information