Racing team menu SARHOLZNEWSSPORTERGEBNISSEKTM BLOG RACE FOTOVIDEO COMPANY HAPPY CUSTOMER COMPANY STORE SERVICE STATION RACING TEAMJOBPARTNERMOTORRÄDERKTM MODELLEPROBEFAHRZEUGEHUSQVARNA MODELLEMOTORRADANKAUFFINANZIERUNGGEBRAUCHTEMOBILE.DEZUBEHÖRRACING DÉCORS 2019ERSATZTEILE KTMACCESSORIESPOWERWEAR OFFROAD POWERWEAR STREET POWERPARTS offroad POWERPARTS-STREETKTM RIDEKTM REDBULLKONTAKTMITARBEITERANFAHRTIMPRESSUMDATENSCHUTZ RACE CALENDAR No Iframes HOURS Mon-Fri, 8: 00-12: 30 13: 30-18: 00SA 8 : 00-12: 30Tel +49 2664 8844 income verification Facebook KTM Sarholz KTM EQUIPMENT PARTNER RACING-TEAM Only two days before the start of the Motocross World Championship in Matterley Basin / England, the Westerwald team can announce the cooperation with the former world champion Jordi Tixier. The 27-year-old will take part in the European rounds of the MX World Championship and ADAC MX Masters. “After it became official that Jordi would stop working with the old team, we were in regular contact and tried to get something going. With the support from our sponsors and especially from KTM we were able to put together a good package. We believe in his strengths and are already looking forward to a successful season at the World Championship and the ADAC MX Masters. ”Andre Sarholz is looking forward to the 2020 season.“ Three weeks ago, I was suddenly without a team (I will not comment on that ). I didn't give up in this situation either. Fortunately I found a great family and a good team that believes in me and trusts me. We did everything we could to stand at the starting gate. I would like to thank KTM Sarholz in particular, who made everything possible to go into 2020 together. The work we've done in the past three weeks is just gigantic. All of this would not have been possible without the support of KTM Austria and all private sponsors, ”said the new team driver of the Niederroßbacher Racing Team. Marcel Stauffer starts at the seven Youngster Cup events for the KTM Sarholz Racing Team. We can start the new year with great news for all motocross fans. We are growing in the ADAC MX Youngster Cup. The Austrian talent Marcel Stauffer starts at the seven Youngster Cup events for the KTM Sarholz Racing Team. "We were able to put together a package for Marcel with KTM and the Kini team and we want to give him the best possible support in his development. With him we have one of the greatest young talents in the team in Austria. He was already in Italy with Marcus Schiffer (Schiffer MX Performance) Training is totally motivated and can be a positive surprise next year, "says the Niederroßbach racing team. In the picture (from left to right): Marcel Stauffer, Marcus Schiffer, Lukas Neurauter, Robin Lang Marcel is also looking forward to the 2019 season: "Next year I will drive the Youngster Cup, the EMX 250 and the Austrian Miesschaft I am particularly looking forward to working with the KTM Sarholz Racing Team as part of the Youngster Cup. At the moment I am in the middle of preparing for the season and I am fully motivated to start 2019, "said the 17-year-old. Everything starts again: Max Nagl returns to the KTM Sarholz Racing Team! The Niederroßbach racing team has achieved a special coup with regard to the 2019 season: Former Vice World Champion Max Nagl returns to the orange camp and becomes part of the KTM Sarholz Racing Team! The election Belgian Nagl will contest all European World Championship races as well as the ADAC MX Masters series for the Westerwald. For Max it is a special return to his motocross roots. “It all started with Burkhard and Edith. I celebrated my first big success with the team. It all started with the 85 machine and then ended with the change to the KTM factory team in 2008. I am really happy that it is now back and that we were able to put together a great package with the help of KTM and our partners. I am highly motivated for the upcoming season! ”Says the 31-year-old German living in Lommel. "We want to have a successful season together," Nagl looks ahead, stacking anything but deep: "We clearly want to compete for the ADAC MX Masters title and achieve good results in the World Championship." For the racing team from the Westerwald is the obligation is also a great thing - and an award at the same time. "When we heard that the project with TM and Max would probably not go on, we did not think long and got in touch", say those responsible for the Niederroßbach racing team. “If you have an exceptional driver like Max, then you have to deal with it inevitably. It is a great honor for our team that Max chose us after working in various factory teams. We are 100% convinced that we will be able to surprise many people in the coming year. Anyone who has seen Max's appearance at the MX of Nations - despite an injury - knows how much fire is still in him. We would like to thank all partners and sponsors for the great support! ”Continues the KTM Sarholz Racing Team. The KTM Sarholz Racing Team and the Koch brothers continue to work together - Tom Koch is promoted to MXGP class. The Westerwald Racing Team and the Gebrüder Koch will continue to pursue common goals in 2019. During a conversation it quickly became clear that both sides would like to continue working together. The plans for the upcoming outdoor season are as follows: Tom, the younger of the two Koch brothers, will concentrate entirely on the 450 bike. He will compete in the MXGP category in the European World Championship races and will of course compete in the ADAC MX Masters. Like last season, his brother Tim Koch will fight for points at the DM OPEN and the ADAC MX Masters. Tom Koch: “I look forward to working with the team and taking the next step. We decided to focus entirely on the 450s. Accordingly, I will start at the European World Championship races in the MXGP category and, like last year, roll over to the starting gate with the KTM 450 SX-F. I think that the KTM 450 bike fits perfectly with my calm riding style. I am already looking forward to this challenge and will do my best to prepare in winter. A big thank you to all of my supporters who make it possible for me to do the whole thing, ”says a highly motivated Tom Koch. Tim Koch: “I am looking forward to riding in the KTM Sarholz Racing Team again next year. I have significantly improved my performance in the past season and of course I hope that the performance curve will continue to point upwards. For the coming season I will try to fight for the DM title and sniff the top 5 positions in the Masters. The KTM is a great fit for me and I'm happy that the collaboration will continue, ”says 25-year-old Tim Koch. Back to the roots - Marcus Schiffer is back in the KTM Sarholz Racing Team It was July 1st, 2007 in Uddevalla, when Marcus Schiffer was ranked seventh and sixth in the world championship race in Sweden with his first overall top 3 place in the Enter the World Championship on a Sarholz KTM. The overall victory was won by none other than the nine-time world champion and KTM factory driver Antonio Cairoli. A good month later, more precisely on August 5th, Schiffer climbed onto the podium again in third place in Namur, Belgium, in the first race. Eleven years later, Marcus Schiffer, now married and living in Weilerswist, is back at the Westerwald racing team. The motocross team world champion from 2012, then at the side of Ken Roczen and Max Nagl, is now responsible for looking after the KTM Sarholz drivers. In addition to our Grand Prix drivers, he should above all help young, talented drivers in all areas. Furthermore, motocross courses are offered on the most diverse routes in Germany. The first course as part of the collaboration between Marcus Schiffer (Schiffer MX Performance) and the KTM Sarholz team will take place on September 15 & 16 at the MSC Hof (Westerwald). The 31-year-old is equipped with a KTM 350 SX-F model year 2019. After his first “ride” on the new bike, he was extremely happy. "After years of abstinence from KTM, I really enjoyed the first test, I'm looking forward to the new tasks and working together." If you have any questions about courses or general appointments, please contact us: This email address is in front of you Protected spambots! To display JavaScript must be turned on! or This email address is protected from spambots! To display JavaScript must be turned on! Jeffrey Dewulf is now part of the KTM Sarholz Racing Team! The Belgian, currently third overall in the ADAC MX Masters, will be out on a Sarholz KTM this weekend at the event in Tensfeld. In addition to the upcoming ADAC MX Masters events, one or two World Cup events may be planned! We will keep you up to date! "Jeffrey has made another step forward this season. He is in a good starting position at the Masters and only 27 points behind the leader Henry Jacobi. First of all, our agreement is valid until the end of the 2018 season. If everything fits and both sides agree feel comfortable, further cooperation is possible, "it says from the camp in the Westerwald. MOTOCROSS MXGP and MX2 + ADAC MX Masters 21 races included world championship and ADAC MX Masters Tom Koch # 26 Tim Koch # 66 The name SARHOLZ has been a guarantee of know-how in the motorcycle industry for more than 40 years. In the meantime, this has become an integral part of the product range. The name Sarholz has been a constant in the motocross scene for over 20 years. Front places at the World Cup, many international and national titles speak a clear language. Team Manager Andre Sarholz Our current A-Racing team Our current B-Racing team Our current Junior-Racing team The youth work, which is still in the foreground, has produced a variety of talents, such as Max Nagl, the Vice World Champion from 2009 in the World Cup, to name just one example. Our current enduro racing team >>> Request KTM-Sarholz Racing decors RACE CALENDAR No Iframes OPENING HOURS Mon-Fri 8: 00-12: 30 13: 30-18: 00Sa 8: 00-12: 30Tel +49 2664 8844 income verification Facebook KTM Sarholz KTM EQUIPMENT PARTNER | Nassauer Strasse 19 | 56479 Niederrossbach | Telephone +49 2664 8844 Imprint Data protection Back to top We use cookies on our website. Some of them are essential for the operation of the site, while others help us to improve this website and the user experience (tracking cookies). You can decide yourself whether you want to allow cookies. Please note that in the event of a rejection, not all functionalities of the site may be available. Accept more information