CONTACTS menu SARHOLZNEWSSPORTERGEBNISSEKTM BLOG RACE PHOTO VIDEO COMPANY HAPPY CUSTOMER SERVICE COMPANY STORE WORKSHOP RACING TEAMJOBPARTNERMOTORRÄDERKTM MODELLEPROBEFAHRZEUGEHUSQVARNA MODELLEMOTORRADANKAUFFINANZIERUNGGEBRAUCHTEMOBILE.DEZUBEHÖRRACING DECORS 2019ERSATZTEILE KTMACCESSORIESPOWERWEAR OFFROAD POWERWEAR STREET POWER PARTS OFF-ROAD POWER PARTS-STREETKTM RIDEKTM REDBULLKONTAKTMITARBEITERANFAHRTIMPRESSUMDATENSCHUTZ CONTACTS Sarholz Motorsport GmbH & Co. KG Nassauerstr. 19 56479 Niederroßbach Phone +49 2664 8844 Fax +49 2664 5404 email: This email address is being protected from spambots. To display JavaScript must be turned on! Commercial register number: HRA 22042 VAT ID no .: DE313329658 Managing Director Andre Sarholz Nassauische Sparkasse Wiesbaden: IBAN: DE25 5105 0015 0545 0306 94 BIC: NASSDE55XXX Account number: 545030694 Bank code: 51050015 Copyright notice! All images and texts on our website belong to the respective owner or author. We would like to thank everyone who supports us with images, text and sound material and who makes them available to us. The content may only be copied with the written permission of KTM-Sarholz. The authors themselves are responsible for articles marked by name. Important note for the links on our page With the judgment of May 12, 1998, the Hamburg Regional Court decided that if you link to a page, you may be responsible for the content of the linked page. According to the district court, this can only be prevented by expressly distancing yourself from this content. The webmaster of this page expressly declares that it has no influence on the design and content of the linked websites. He therefore hereby expressly distances himself from all content on all linked pages on his website and does not adopt this content as his own. This declaration applies to all links displayed on the website and all contents of the pages to which the pages he has registered are banners and links to lead. The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (OS): http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr You can find our email address in the imprint above. Disclaimer Content of the online offer The author assumes no liability for the topicality, correctness, completeness or quality of the information provided. Liability claims against the author, which refer to material or immaterial damage caused by the use or non-use of the information provided or by the use of incorrect and incomplete information, are fundamentally excluded, unless the author can prove that it was intentional or grossly negligent All offers are subject to change and non-binding. The author expressly reserves the right to change, supplement or delete parts of the pages or the entire offer without separate announcement, or to temporarily or permanently cease publication. References and links In the case of direct or indirect references to external websites ("hyperlinks") that are outside the area of ​​responsibility of the author, a liability obligation would only come into force if the author was aware of the content and technically possible and it would be reasonable to prevent use in the event of illegal content. The author hereby expressly declares that at the time of linking, no illegal content was recognizable on the linked pages. The author has no influence on the current and future design, content or authorship of the linked pages. He therefore hereby expressly distances himself from all content on all linked / connected pages that were changed after the link was created. This statement applies to all links and references set within the company's own website as well as to third-party entries in guest books, discussion forums, link directories, mailing lists and all other forms of databases set up by the author, the content of which can be accessed externally. For illegal, incorrect or incomplete content and in particular for damage resulting from the use or non-use of information provided in this way, the provider of the page to which reference is made is solely liable, not the one who merely refers to the respective publication via links. Copyright and trademark law The author endeavors to observe the copyrights of the graphics, sound documents, video sequences and texts used in all publications, to use graphics, sound documents, video sequences and texts created by himself or to use license-free graphics, sound documents, video sequences and texts All brands and trademarks mentioned on the website and possibly protected by third parties are subject without restriction to the provisions of the applicable trademark law and the ownership rights of the respective registered owner. The mere mentioning does not lead to the conclusion that trademarks are not protected by third party rights! The copyright for published objects created by the author remains solely with the author of the pages. Duplication or use of such graphics, sound documents, video sequences and texts in other electronic or printed publications is not permitted without the express consent of the author. Legal validity of this disclaimer This disclaimer is to be regarded as part of the internet publication which you were referred from. If parts or individual formulations of this text should not, no longer or not completely comply with the applicable legal situation, the remaining parts of the document remain unaffected in their content and validity. Objection to advertising emails We hereby object to the use of contact data published within the framework of the imprint obligation for sending unsolicited advertising and information material. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam e-mails. | Nassauer Strasse 19 | 56479 Niederrossbach | Telephone +49 2664 8844 Imprint Data protection Back to top We use cookies on our website. Some of them are essential for the operation of the site, while others help us to improve this website and the user experience (tracking cookies). You can decide yourself whether you want to allow cookies. Please note that in the event of a rejection, not all functionalities of the site may be available. Accept more information