Carfix - Overview of prices and services for your vehicle repair Close Shop 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de My account0 item0.00 € DentsSimply press out without painting. Our dent doctors save you a lot of money. More on dents & dents Scratches Optimal + cost-free partial painting. You will be amazed at what our professionals conjure up thanks to many years of experience. More about scratches & paint damage Rims and optics get more about rim repair thanks to clever repair technology Accident-specific, professional + safe and at the same time as comfortable as never before. More about accident repair leasing With our specialized leasing preparation before return, you can easily save thousands of euros. After a CARFIX vehicle preparation, your car looks like a new car. Our specialists clean and maintain your vehicle competently and conscientiously. More about hail maintenance The damage is often very similar and professional repair requires expertise and a lot of experience. More on hail damage upholstery A multitude of different, sometimes high-quality materials are used in the vehicle interior. more about upholstery car glass We do the rest more about car glass PricesServicesBenefits & FAQBlogDirections & Contact 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de Whatsapp 0151-23546600 PricesServicesBenefits & FAQBlogDirections & ContactAll services DentsSimply press out without painting. Our dent doctors save you a lot of money. More on dents & dents Scratches Optimal + cost-free partial painting. You will be amazed at what our professionals conjure up thanks to many years of experience. More about scratches & paint damage Rims and optics get more about rim repair thanks to clever repair technology Accident-specific, professional + safe and at the same time as comfortable as never before. More about accident repair leasing With our specialized leasing preparation before return, you can easily save thousands of euros. After a CARFIX vehicle preparation, your car looks like a new car. Our specialists clean and maintain your vehicle competently and conscientiously. More about hail maintenance The damage is often very similar and professional repair requires expertise and a lot of experience. More on hail damage upholstery A multitude of different, sometimes high-quality materials are used in the vehicle interior. more about upholstery car glass We do the rest more about car glass accident repair Professional accident repair in the CARFIX - carefree package Learn more PricesLet's go 1Visit Come and visit us. Even without an appointment 2OffersQuick & non-binding offer 3Make an appointment immediately, by mail or by phone 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de Whatsapp 0151-23546600 Make an appointment now Contact InformationWe should we contact you? TelephoneEmailVehicle information Additional information If you need a professional accident repair after a small or serious accident, we are well prepared for it. We repair the damage to your vehicle and are happy to keep all other troubles away from you. We do the rest. CARFIX always offers you an exceptionally affordable offer. Since we combine our special applications with conventional bodywork, we have the opportunity to achieve considerable price advantages for you. Unbeatable in price! You hand over the vehicle and insurance documents to us and get into a ready, chic replacement car. We do the "REST" You can see which services this "rest" can include in the menu item Services. You will then receive your beautifully repaired vehicle and hand over all associated documents, correspondence, invoices, photos, spare parts lists, etc. in a handy, small folder. As you wish: we will advise you comprehensively on the repair process, we will arrange a specialist lawyer for unresolved debt issues and we will get your vehicle checked out at your home We will prepare a professional estimate.We will prepare a recognized damage report if necessary.We will send you a chic replacement vehicle.When the repair has been carried out, we will take care of the insurance directly (you do not have to pay anything), we will regulate all insurance formalities for claims settlement ng with comprehensive insurance or liability insuranceYour advantages with CARFIXFaster repairsMinimal damage-free removal of a small dent in just a few minutesCost-effective repairs Fast & cost-effective repairs as if nothing had happened If a cost estimate already exists but no appointment has yet been made, there are 2 options, simply call 0331 502050 and make an appointment Email: termin@carfix.de, SMS / WhatsApp: 0151-23546600 Call for a request for a callback in our online form Leave online formCategories: General, CarfixaHow do I get a quote? Simply by coming to CARFIX and driving witness or have the damage inspected once without obligation. We then create a simple and uncomplicated repair plan and a clear cost estimate, which you can usually take with you immediately.You do not need an appointment.Categories: General, CarfixUnfallaWhen does my insurance pay? Actually, whenever the corresponding damage is insured. Basically, you don't have to worry about it, because that's where we see our task. We are good at communicating with insurance companies in your interest and also very well prepared for it. Just give us your insurance company and we will be happy to clarify the regulation as a repair partner for you. Whether liability insurance, comprehensive insurance or partial comprehensive insurance. Categories: Hail, Accident Load More No time For an appointment on site? How to contact us: Whatsapp0151-23546600 0151-23546600 Emailangebot@carfix.deangebot@carfix.de Send request with picture, video, email or Whatsapp and we will get back to you. See examples PULVER & BLEI - The advertising agency