Carfix - professional vehicle care & vehicle preparation Close Shop 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de My Account0 Item0.00 € Dents Simply press out without painting. Our dent doctors save you a lot of money. More on dents & dents Scratches Optimal + cost-free partial painting. You will be amazed at what our professionals conjure up thanks to many years of experience. More about scratches & paint damage Rims and optics get more about rim repair thanks to clever repair technology Accident-specific, professional + safe and at the same time as comfortable as never before. More about accident repair leasing With our specialized leasing preparation before return, you can easily save thousands of euros. After a CARFIX vehicle preparation, your car looks like a new car. Our specialists clean and maintain your vehicle competently and conscientiously. More about hail maintenance The damage is often very similar and professional repair requires expertise and a lot of experience. More on hail damage upholstery A multitude of different, sometimes high-quality materials are used in the vehicle interior. more about upholstery car glass We do the rest more about car glass PricesServicesBenefits & FAQBlogDirections & Contact 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de Whatsapp 0151-23546600 PricesServicesBenefits & FAQBlogDirections & ContactAll services DentsSimply press out without painting. Our dent doctors save you a lot of money. More on dents & dents Scratches Optimal + cost-free partial painting. You will be amazed at what our professionals conjure up thanks to many years of experience. More about scratches & paint damage Rims and optics get more about rim repair thanks to clever repair technology Accident-specific, professional + safe and at the same time as comfortable as never before. More about accident repair leasing With our specialized leasing preparation before return, you can easily save thousands of euros. After a CARFIX vehicle preparation, your car looks like a new car. Our specialists clean and maintain your vehicle competently and conscientiously. More about hail maintenance The damage is often very similar and professional repair requires expertise and a lot of experience. More on hail damage upholstery A multitude of different, sometimes high-quality materials are used in the vehicle interior. more about upholstery car glass We do the rest more about car glass CARFIX - vehicle care Vehicle cleaning is much more than just “cleaning” and “cleaning”. Learn more PricesLet's go 1Visit Come over. Even without an appointment 2OffersQuick & non-binding offer 3Make an appointment immediately, by mail or by phone 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de Whatsapp 0151-23546600 Make an appointment now Contact InformationWe should we contact you? TelephoneEmailVehicle information Additional informationAfter a CARFIX vehicle preparation, your car looks like a new car.Our specialists clean and care for your vehicle competently and conscientiously.You have the choice between paint care programs, interior care or the popular all-round happy care.Vehicle preparation and care means to a high degree of value retention. Without regular professional treatment, all VEHICLE PARTS age disproportionately quickly and their properties change considerably. This may mean that some parts may lose value faster than you want to get new money for the replacement. Our vehicle refiners are specialists in the assessment and treatment of such diverse surfaces and materials. Our professional vehicle maintenance staff have knowledge and experience in all questions Parts and materials can be treated in a basic way? What is better used for acidic cleaners and care products? What do you do with alkalis and what with acids? What are the different solvents and cleaning agents and with which machines are they used? Where are solid, liquid or gaseous care products optimally used? CARFIX - preparation processes These are particularly gentle and offer an optimal result. Then the varnish is gently soaped off with a sponge and a lot of foam and water, gently removing dirt, oil and insects. At the beginning with the paint cleaner, which removes hard dirt mechanically. Depending on the weathering condition of the paint, up to three polishing steps then follow. The last of these is the high-gloss polish with hologram remover for a fog-free shine in any light.Rim cleaningThe cleaning of rims requires concentration. The stronger cleaning agents used for this must be dosed in accordance with the degree of soiling and rinsed out with clean water immediately after a maximum exposure time. Then the rims shine again in a new shine. Clean or wash the upholstery. Special shampoo vacuums wash the fibers, drying fans remove dust and special compressed air swirlers remove deep-lying dirt. Leather care leather seats could look flawless for many years. Regular professional care would be important. Most of the worn leather seats do not owe their condition to the fact that they have been used for decades but only to the lack of maintenance. Proper leather care is not just cleaning, but maintenance of the content of elasticizing substances in the material. Odor removal with ozone gas The technology is based on the enrichment of the interior air with charged air particles (oxygen ions) These combine like a solvent with all odor-bearing substances and break their molecular chains and thus neutralize them. You know the smell of ozone. It is the fresh smell of the air after a thunderstorm. Because here too, lightning creates ions. Also called "The smell of the gods". Professional plastic care plastics contain binders, colorants, plasticizers and all kinds of chemical inventions. These fabrics weather under the influence of sun, wind and weather and you can observe optical and elastic changes over time. Plastic and rubber then become gray, blind, cracked and brittle. Expensive replacement can be reduced with the right care. CARFIX - Nanotechnology For vehicle sealing, nano-sealing means that the surface in question has dirt and water-repellent properties. Water drops have less grip and roll faster due to the changed contact angle. During the faster run-off, the water wicks away the less adhering dirt better and your car stays clean much longer. If the surface gets dirty over time, a rain shower is often enough to wash the car. Handwashing can be done with clear water . No cleaning agents are necessary. Simply wipe it off and you're done. A nano seal is suitable, for example, for lacquer, plastic or glass surfaces. We also use different bonding groups for the different substrates. What exactly is a nano seal? Nano seal means the application and compaction of the smallest particles in the so-called "nano-scale" Area. A nanometer denotes a billionth of a meter (10-9 m = 0.0000000001 m), which is not visible to the eye.These nanoparticles consist of silicates and are chemically bonded to the base material using special binding groups. The aim is to have a positive influence on the properties of the treated surfaces.Your advantages with CARFIXFaster repairsMinish damage-free removal of a small dent in just a few minutesCost-effective repairs Fast & cost-effective repairs as if nothing had happened Prices Anytime short-term appointments Fast appointment Most frequently asked questions FAQGenerallyHow can I get a repair appointment? If a cost estimate already exists but no appointment has been made, there are two options, simply call 0331 502050 and arrange the appointment call a callback request in our online form leave an appointment request in our online form Categories: General, Carfixa How do I get a quote? Quite simply inde m come to CARFIX and have the vehicle or the damage inspected once without obligation. We then create a simple and uncomplicated repair plan and a clear estimate, which you can usually take with you immediately.You do not need an appointment.Categories: General, CarfixLoad MoreNo time for an appointment on site? How to contact us Per Whatsapp0151-23546600 0151-23546600 Emailangebot@carfix.deangebot@carfix.de Send request with picture, video, email or Whatsapp and we will get back to you. See examples PULVER & BLEI - The advertising agency