Carfix News - Current information on repairs & service Close Shop 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de My account0 item0.00 € DentsSimply press out without painting. Our dent doctors save you a lot of money. More on dents & dents Scratches Optimal + cost-free partial painting. You will be amazed at what our professionals conjure up thanks to many years of experience. More about scratches & paint damage Rims and optics get more about rim repair thanks to clever repair technology Accident-specific, professional + safe and at the same time as comfortable as never before. More about accident repair leasing With our specialized leasing preparation before return, you can easily save thousands of euros. After a CARFIX vehicle preparation, your car looks like a new car. Our specialists clean and maintain your vehicle competently and conscientiously. More about hail maintenance The damage is often very similar and professional repair requires expertise and a lot of experience. More on hail damage upholstery A multitude of different, sometimes high-quality materials are used in the vehicle interior. more about upholstery car glass We do the rest more about car glass prices The danger to the car comes from below. In winter we take care of the influences that attack our car from below. The salt of the streets mixes with the thawed snow, mud and dirt to ... learn more Autumn! The danger to the car comes from above. As beautiful as this season is, it is a difficult time for your car. Falling leaves don't just make the streets a bit slippery. Also ... read more Post 1 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod temporally invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At ... read more Recent Posts Winter! The danger to the car comes from below. 11. February 2020 autumn! The danger to the car comes from above. 11. February 2020 Post 111. February 2020 CategoriesGeneral (3) No time for an appointment on site? How can you contact us? send and we will get back to you. See examples PULVER & BLEI - The advertising agency