Carfix - Fast & professional rim repair in Potsdam Close Shop 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de My account0 item0.00 € DentsSimply press out without painting. Our dent doctors save you a lot of money. More on dents & dents Scratches Optimal + cost-free partial painting. You will be amazed at what our professionals conjure up thanks to many years of experience. More about scratches & paint damage Rims and optics get more about rim repair thanks to clever repair technology Accident-specific, professional + safe and at the same time as comfortable as never before. More about accident repair leasing With our specialized leasing preparation before return, you can easily save thousands of euros. After a CARFIX vehicle preparation, your car looks like a new car. Our specialists clean and maintain your vehicle competently and conscientiously. More about hail maintenance The damage is often very similar and professional repair requires expertise and a lot of experience. More on hail damage upholstery A multitude of different, sometimes high-quality materials are used in the vehicle interior. more about upholstery car glass We do the rest more about car glass PricesServicesBenefits & FAQBlogDirections & Contact 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de Whatsapp 0151-23546600 PricesServicesBenefits & FAQBlogDirections & ContactAll services DentsSimply press out without painting. Our dent doctors save you a lot of money. More on dents & dents Scratches Optimal + cost-free partial painting. You will be amazed at what our professionals conjure up thanks to many years of experience. More about scratches & paint damage Rims and optics get more about rim repair thanks to clever repair technology Accident-specific, professional + safe and at the same time as comfortable as never before. More about accident repair leasing With our specialized leasing preparation before return, you can easily save thousands of euros. After a CARFIX vehicle preparation, your car looks like a new car. Our specialists clean and maintain your vehicle competently and conscientiously. More about hail maintenance The damage is often very similar and professional repair requires expertise and a lot of experience. More on hail damage upholstery A multitude of different, sometimes high-quality materials are used in the vehicle interior. more about upholstery car glass We do the rest more about car glass rims repair rims damaged? Do not fret ! Save money - we'll fix it! Learn more PricesLet's go 1Visit Come over. Even without an appointment 2OffersQuick & non-binding offer 3Make an appointment immediately, by mail or by phone 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de Whatsapp 0151-23546600 Make an appointment now Contact InformationWe should we contact you? TelephoneEmailVehicle information Additional information Scratches on rims are of course always ugly and reduce their value, but they also promote the corrosion of the rim, which increases damage very quickly. Repairs always have to be carried out promptly before the damage gets worse and more expensive. Manufacturers take great pains to make the rims so beautiful that they are difficult to repair. Rims are therefore usually completely replaced. Our CARFIX rims are technicians specializes in repairing and painting only partial areas on suitable rims and thus reducing costs and time considerably. In 90% of cases, the damage is only at individual points on the rim of the rim. In this case, only the relevant parts are processed, defects Filled, smoothed and painted. The costs are usually far below those of a new rim. The materials used are also environmentally friendly and are immediately fully cured with modern UV technology. (UV = ultraviolet) If partial painting is not possible, we will of course carry out the full painting of the rim. For the repair, the rims do not have to be separated from the tire or only rarely. Even the entire outside of the rim can be painted without the tire Rim paint repairs usually take 1-3 days; Responsive WordPress Carousel; Contemporary professional paint repair procedures; These are particularly gentle & offer an optimal result; Sanding and polishing; A specially designed rotary grinding machine enables the rim edge (horn) to be fine and even level and remove any small damage <= 1mm. Superficial scratches can be sanded out of the varnish - and wherever possible, this is done and money saved. Measure the color recipe No varnish remains as it used to be. Environmental influences such as light gradually change every color. In order to best match the current color of your vehicle, we always measure. Our color computer then determines the best recipe for your vehicle.Precise color mixingThere are hundreds of thousands of color tones that can occur in vehicle paintwork and that always change in different weather conditions. That's why at CARFIX the shades and quantities of paint required for the repair site are determined freshly and appropriately and made from the respective recipe from approx. 80 basic shades down to the 100th gram. Skillful spray painting Just like the careful preparation of the surfaces to be painted, the spray application of the paint materials is also a must Process that requires a lot of experience. Not only the color, but also the structure and the optimal layer thickness are measurable criteria of our high paint quality. UV drying Just as it is known from today's medicine, we also use UV technology to harden the materials used. Short UV flashes accelerate almost all drying processes. The advantages are higher quality, shorter times and a lower environmental impact. A fair and transparent pricing is an integral part of the CARFIX philosophy. The prices for the professional CARFIX repair services should always correspond to the actual effort. That is why our price offers are always individually tailored to the respective repair task. The decisive factors are your wishes as a customer and the material and time expenditure resulting from the resulting repair schedule. The prices for paintwork and the repairs of paint damage depend on the material of the component to be painted, the size of the surface to be painted, the location of the damage, the type of paint to be repaired, the number of required layers of paint, the prices often fluctuate between € 60, e.g. for a small edge damage and 180, - € for e.g. a complete rim. In any case, this repair method is the most economical compared to the classic method. Here savings of up to more than 90% are possible.Example: A scratched, high-sheen rim should be professionally repaired on return of the lease Removal of a small dent in just a few minutes Cost-effective repairs Fast & cost-effective repairs as if nothing had happenedCarfix guarantee CARFIX gives you a guarantee for all workFast quotations without an appointment Transparent pricesEvery short-term appointmentsQuick appointmentsMost frequently asked questions FAQGeneralHow can I get a repair appointment? no appointment has yet been made, there are two options, simply call 0331 502050 and make an appointment. Email: termin@carfix.de, SMS / WhatsApp: 0151-23546600 Ter Please state a request for a call back in our online form. We then create a repair plan easily and uncomplicated, which you can usually take with you immediately. You don't need an appointment. Categories: General, Carfix rims How quickly can I have my rims repaired by CARFIX? Depending on the season and schedule, a repair can be carried out within one Daily. But sometimes there is a bit of “traffic jam” and then it takes a little longer. You can bring the rims with tires, without tires or the whole car. Our rim specialists will know what to do.Category: RimsLoad MoreNo time for an appointment on site? How to contact us? Whatsapp0151-23546600 0151-23546600 Emailangebot@carfix.deangebot@carfix.de Request with picture, video, email or send Whatsapp and we will get back to you. See examples PULVER & BLEI - The advertising agency