Carfix advantages - Why we are the right choice for vehicle repair Close Shop 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de My account0 item0.00 € DentsSimply press out without painting. Our dent doctors save you a lot of money. More on dents & dents Scratches Optimal + cost-free partial painting. You will be amazed at what our professionals conjure up thanks to many years of experience. More about scratches & paint damage Rims and optics get more about rim repair thanks to clever repair technology Accident-specific, professional + safe and at the same time as comfortable as never before. More about accident repair leasing With our specialized leasing preparation before return, you can easily save thousands of euros. After a CARFIX vehicle preparation, your car looks like a new car. Our specialists clean and maintain your vehicle competently and conscientiously. More about hail maintenance The damage is often very similar and professional repair requires expertise and a lot of experience. More on hail damage upholstery A multitude of different, sometimes high-quality materials are used in the vehicle interior. more about upholstery car glass We do the rest more about Auto Glass PricesServicesBenefits & FAQBlogApproach & Contact 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de Whatsapp 0151-23546600 PricesBenefitsBenefits & FAQBlogArrival & ContactWhy customers use our service? Faster repairs A paint damage free Elimination can often be done in just a few minutes. Cost-effective repairs We have compiled an overview of the most important prices for you here. Original condition as a result. Quick & cost-effective repairs as if nothing had happened important Anytime short-term appointments Fast appointment FAQ - The most common questionsCarfixaI certainly have damage but I don't have time to take care of it. That is why I want to use the full service. What is it and how does it work? If you want full service, enjoy absolute convenience. Your vehicle will not only be picked up at your home, it will also come back nicely cleaned after every repair. Full service means that all your wishes are taken care of. Whether cleaning, care, maintenance, shipment, storage, repair, refueling etc. If you e.g. Your fleet is cleaned every Monday at 8:00 a.m. and want to find fueled - then we make sure that it will be that way. Category: Carfixa What is the difference between CARFIX vehicle preparation and other conditioners? Knowing a wide variety of materials and their value retention and interested in high and long-lasting quality and delivering them daily, to whom you can always entrust your car without worries, nothing differentiates us except name and location.Well and maybe the fact that we actually disclose our prices. However, a correction is still possible in connection with several jobs or in cases that are below average. Talk to us. Category: Carfixa How can I get home comfortably when my car is at CARFIX? There are many options. Our replacement car service (with the inexpensive carfix replacement vehicles) With the Taxiun Hol-Bring-ServiceTicket-Service (with the Bus conveniently in front of our front door. We would be happy to print out the timetable for you. Category: CarfixaWhy can't all workshops work like CARFIX? All workshops could offer inexpensive work to paint complete parts. This is less effort and is also more lucrative. So maybe you can understand that a little bit. However, this is definitely a disadvantage for you as a customer. CARFIX always thinks and compares which repair methods and procedures make sense in each case. That is the concept of CARFIX. We have been doing this for a long time and therefore with a lot of experience and often save many thousands of euros in our specialized main services for our customers. Category: Carfixa What is so special about CARFIX? The special specialization at CARFIX is the approach to the respective repair requirements. The combination of smart repair and classic repair methods. For each individual component of damage, the CARFIX technicians check whether one of the many smart repair options can be used and has a meaningful and cost-effective effect in the entire repair project. While smart repair is always cheaper than classic repair, it cannot always be used, e.g. if the damage is very large. At CARFIX, we will efficiently combine all repair options with those that achieve the best possible result at the lowest possible cost. Try it out! Category: CarfixLeasingaHow does the leasing return work? At the end of the leasing period, you will be asked to show the vehicle to an agent of the leasing company . All damage is recorded there and added up, usually at a very high cost. This is usually only calculated using the most expensive procedures. These repair costs must then be paid when the vehicle is returned. Or — you come to CARFIX beforehand .Category: LeasingaWhy should you come to CARFIX before returning the lease? late for Carfix repairs. With the innovative Carfix repair methods, high cost savings are possible compared to the classic repair in a car dealership. This quickly saves several thousand euros.Category: LeasingBeulenaHow does the CARFIX dent doctor work compared to the CARFIX body builder? The Carfix dent doctor "massages" the dent from the back of the sheet, see: Pressing method or pulls out the dent with an adhesive pulling technique. See train technology. The original paint is retained and the dent disappears completely. After a few minutes of careful and careful work, the damage is remedied. The Carfix body builder is responsible for the more difficult cases. Painting is always necessary after his work. If the paint is damaged or / and the sheet is very deformed or rusted, the paint is first removed and the sheet is driven back into shape. Subtleties are smoothed out with a spatula or tin. Sometimes components or assemblies are also exchanged. See also CARFIX accident repair. For small areas, the CARFIX lacquer doctor can now complete the repair with a small and less expensive partial surface painting. For larger tasks, the CARFIX painter is used and repaints the entire component. Category: BeulenUnfallaWhen does my insurance policy pay? Actually whenever corresponding damage is insured. Basically, you don't have to worry about it, because that's where we see our task. We are good at communicating with insurance companies in your interest and are also very well prepared for it. Just give us your insurance company and we will be happy to clarify the regulation as a repair partner for you. Whether it is liability insurance, comprehensive insurance or partial comprehensive insurance. Categories: Hail, AccidentHagelaWann pays mine Insurance? Actually whenever the damage is insured. Basically, you don't have to worry about it, because that's where we see our task. We are good at communicating with insurance companies in your interest and are also very well prepared for it. Just give us your insurance company and we will be happy to clarify the regulation as a repair partner for you. Whether it is liability insurance, comprehensive insurance or partial comprehensive insurance. Categories: Hail, Accident Scratching How does it work? CARFIX Lackdoktor compared to the CARFIX Lackierer? In the event of minor damage, the CARFIX Lackdoktor can completely repair the damage with an inexpensive partial surface coating. EW only the damaged area and the necessary environment are painted according to the manufacturer's specifications. The remaining original paint of the component is retained. This saves time and money, for larger repair requirements such as New parts, major repairs etc. if partial paintwork is no longer sufficient or is not possible, the CARFIX painter comes into play and paints a large area and also everything as new according to the manufacturer's specifications. Category: Scratch rims How quickly can I have my rims repaired by CARFIX? Depending on the season and schedule, repairs can be carried out within one day. But sometimes there is a bit of “traffic jam” and then it takes a little longer. You can bring the rims with tires, without tires or the whole car. Our rim specialists will know what to do.Category: RimsLoad MoreCurrent Posts Winter! The danger to the car comes from below. 11. February 2020 autumn! The danger to the car comes from above. 11. February 2020 Post 111. February 2020 CategoriesGeneral (3) No time for an appointment on site? How can you contact us? send and we will get back to you. See examples PULVER & BLEI - The advertising agency