CARFIX Potsdam - Vehicle preparation & car repair Close 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de Dents Simply press out without painting. Our dent doctors save you a lot of money. More on dents & dents Scratches Optimal + cost-free partial painting. You will be amazed at what our professionals conjure up thanks to many years of experience. More about scratches & paint damage Rims and optics get more about rim repair thanks to clever repair technology Accident-specific, professional + safe and at the same time as comfortable as never before. More about accident repair leasing With our specialized leasing preparation before return, you can easily save thousands of euros. After a CARFIX vehicle preparation, your car looks like a new car. Our specialists clean and maintain your vehicle competently and conscientiously. More about hail maintenance The damage is often very similar and professional repair requires expertise and a lot of experience. More on hail damage upholstery A multitude of different, sometimes high-quality materials are used in the vehicle interior. more about upholstery car glass We do the rest more about car glass PricesServicesBenefits & FAQBlogDirections & Contact 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de Whatsapp 0151-23546600 PricesServicesBenefits & FAQBlogDirections & ContactsBumps? Scratches? Accident? We have the solution ! Your vehicle preparation & repair service for Berlin & Potsdambis save up to 80% Our services Simply press out dents without painting. Our dent doctors save you a lot of money. More on dents & dents Scratches Optimal + cost-free partial painting. You will be amazed at what our professionals conjure up thanks to many years of experience. More about scratches & paint damage Rims and optics get more about rim repair thanks to clever repair technology Accident-specific, professional + safe and at the same time as comfortable as never before. More about accident repair leasing With our specialized leasing preparation before return, you can easily save thousands of euros. After a CARFIX vehicle preparation, your car looks like a new car. Our specialists clean and maintain your vehicle competently and conscientiously. More about hail maintenance The damage is often very similar and professional repair requires expertise and a lot of experience. More on hail damage upholstery A multitude of different, sometimes high-quality materials are used in the vehicle interior. more about upholstery car glass We'll do the rest more about car glass Let's go 1 tourCome along. Even without an appointment 2OffersQuick & non-binding offer 3Make an appointmentimmediately, by email or by phoneModern repair and maintenance Fast repairsMinish-free removal can often be done in a few minutes. Partial painting also takes less than 3 hours; small repairs are usually completed on the same day. In extreme cases, with CARFIX you can save up to 90% of the costs and that with a better result. You can find our price comparisons for every service. You can reach us anytime, anywhere! You can reach us by phone or e-mail. Use our live support, for a quick response or an estimate. Contact Now All of my treasures are professionally cared for. CARFIX really knows its way around special materials, I've been a customer there for years! Maybe I'm a little special - but the people at CARFIX always know exactly how I want it. As a perfectionist, I often drive my environment crazy, everything was perfect at CARFIX, no shortage. Finally no trouble for me, so I have no idea about cars. But at CARFIX I always get honest advice. Small scratches are always gone quickly - before my friend sees anything. I love my little old car. Finally it shines sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooongly how deeply shaky ... My limousine is being repaired and maintained. The board is enthusiastic and returning the lease is no longer a problem. Our fleet is in good shape. Clean work CARFIX, what has been said is also done, someone is always directly responsible. I appreciate this discipline and respect, I appreciate the high quality, especially for larger orders. This makes work easier for us as an insurance company and protects the budget of all insured persons. About Carfix We love details, guarantee quality and respect property. At CARFIX we value quality and respect particularly highly. We always guarantee, without time limit, the professional execution of all services in high quality and stand for the respectful handling of your property. Responsible handling is expressed among other things by the fact that a directly responsible person can always be named for each service performed . Pay attention to the quality seal on your invoice. Advantages of Carfix More than 30,000 repairs Benefit from our experience with up to 90% savings Why customers use our service? Faster repairs A paint damage-free removal can often be done in a few minutes We have compiled an overview of the most important prices for you here. Original condition as a result. Fast & inexpensive repairs as if nothing had happened. CARFIX guarantee You receive a guarantee for all work at CARFIX. Fast quotations without an appointment. Transparent prices are important to us. Short-term appointments from € 30 different depending on the damage More typical repairs for parking bumpers and sauce trap corners Paint scratches already available from € 139 different depending on the damage More typical repair for curb damage Rim rim already from € 69 J e differs according to damage More about repairs We have replacement speedsters.With us you keep moving.Replacement vehicles from 19 € per day.No time for an appointment on site? preis@carfix.de Send request with picture, video, email or Whatsapp and we will get back to you. See examples PULVER & BLEI - The advertising agency