Carfix - Now make scratches and paint damage disappear. Close Shop 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de My Account0 Item0.00 € Dents Simply push out without painting. Our dent doctors save you a lot of money. More on dents & dents Scratches Optimal + cost-free partial painting. You will be amazed at what our professionals conjure up thanks to many years of experience. More about scratches & paint damage Rims and optics get more about rim repair thanks to clever repair technology Accident-specific, professional + safe and at the same time as comfortable as never before. More about accident repair leasing With our specialized leasing preparation before return, you can easily save thousands of euros. After a CARFIX vehicle preparation, your car looks like a new car. Our specialists clean and maintain your vehicle competently and conscientiously. More about hail maintenance The damage is often very similar and professional repair requires expertise and a lot of experience. More on hail damage upholstery A multitude of different, sometimes high-quality materials are used in the vehicle interior. more about upholstery car glass We do the rest more about car glass PricesServicesBenefits & FAQBlogDirections & Contact 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de Whatsapp 0151-23546600 PricesServicesBenefits & FAQBlogDirections & ContactAll services DentsSimply press out without painting. Our dent doctors save you a lot of money. More on dents & dents Scratches Optimal + cost-free partial painting. You will be amazed at what our professionals conjure up thanks to many years of experience. More about scratches & paint damage Rims and optics get more about rim repair thanks to clever repair technology Accident-specific, professional + safe and at the same time as comfortable as never before. More about accident repair leasing With our specialized leasing preparation before return, you can easily save thousands of euros. After a CARFIX vehicle preparation, your car looks like a new car. Our specialists clean and maintain your vehicle competently and conscientiously. More about hail maintenance The damage is often very similar and professional repair requires expertise and a lot of experience. More on hail damage upholstery A multitude of different, sometimes high-quality materials are used in the vehicle interior. more about upholstery car glass We make the rest more car glass scratches & paint damage Ugly scratches can also disappear without a trace without painting the entire component. Learn more PricesLet's go 1Visit Come over. Even without an appointment 2OffersQuick & non-binding offer 3Make an appointment immediately, by mail or by phone 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de Whatsapp 0151-23546600 Make an appointment now Contact InformationWe should we contact you? TelephoneEmailVehicle information Additional informationScratches and paint damage grow over time to greater damageScratches are of course always ugly and reduce value. In addition, they also favor the rust, which increases the damage very quickly. A paint repair must always be carried out promptly before rust can form. Conventional professional paint repairs always involve the entire affected component, are quite expensive, often take days and are still vulnerable for weeks after the repair. Our CARFIX painters specialize in painting only partial areas at suitable locations and thus significantly reducing costs and time. The materials used are environmentally friendly and are immediately fully cured using state-of-the-art UV technology.With CARFIX you always have the certainty that you will receive the optimum quality according to the latest, professional repair procedures and at the same time bear the minimum of the actually necessary costs for the repair Before Before After After Responsive WordPress CarouselProcedures of contemporary professional paint repairThese are particularly gentle & offer an optimal resultGrinding and polishingDoes it always have to be painted the same way? Superficial scratches can be sanded out of the paint with good abrasive materials with ascending delicacies - and wherever possible we do that too. Then the paint is polished to a high gloss again, sealed and money saved. Measure the color formulation. No paint remains as it used to be. Environmental influences such as light gradually change every color. In order to best match the current color of your vehicle, we always measure. Our color computer then determines the best recipe for your vehicle.Precise color mixingThere are hundreds of thousands of color tones that can occur in vehicle paintwork and that always change in different weather conditions. That's why at CARFIX the shades and quantities of paint required for the repair site are determined freshly and appropriately and made from the respective recipe from approx. 80 basic shades down to the 100th gram. Skillful spray painting Just like the careful preparation of the surfaces to be painted, the spray application of the paint materials is also a must Process that requires a lot of experience. Not only the color, but also the structure and the optimal layer thickness are measurable criteria of our high paint quality. UV drying Just as it is known from today's medicine, we also use UV technology to harden the materials used. Short UV flashes accelerate almost all drying processes. The advantages are higher quality, shorter times and a lower environmental impact. A fair and transparent pricing is an integral part of the CARFIX philosophy. The prices for the professional CARFIX repair services should always correspond to the actual effort. That is why our price offers are always individually tailored to the respective repair task. The decisive factors are your wishes as a customer and the material and time expenditure resulting from the resulting repair schedule. The prices for painting and the repairs of paint damage depend on the material of the component to be painted, the size of the surface to be painted, the location of the damage, the type of painting to be repaired, the number of required paint layers required. The prices therefore often fluctuate between € 40, e.g. for a small decorative strip and 150, - € for e.g. a middle bumper corner up to 450, - for a larger roof. In any case, this repair method is the most economical compared to the classic method. Savings of up to more than 90% are possible here.Example: A scratch on the corner of the bumper should be repaired professionally and without leaving a trace when returning the lease. Conventional repair, complete painting of the bumper - 240, - € repair time 3 hours to 1 day final strength immediate your advantages with CARFIX faster repairs paint damage-free removal of a small dent in just a few minutes cost-effective repairs quick & inexpensive repairs as if nothing had been Frequently asked questions FAQGeneralHow can I get a repair appointment? If a cost estimate already exists but no appointment has yet been made, there are 2 Va Simply call 0331 502050 and make an appointmentEmail: termin@carfix.de, SMS / WhatsApp: 0151-23546600 Call for an appointment, please call us back in our online form, leave an appointment request in our online formCategories: General, CarfixaHow can I get a quote? Simply by Come by CARFIX and have a look at the vehicle or the damage without obligation. We then create a simple and uncomplicated repair plan and a clear cost estimate, which you can usually take with you immediately.You do not need an appointment.Categories: General, CarfixKratzeraHow does the CARFIX lacquer doctor work in comparison to the CARFIX lacquer coater? Partial painting completely repair the damage. EW only the damaged area and the necessary environment are painted according to the manufacturer's specifications. The remaining original paint of the component is retained. This saves time and money, for larger repair requirements such as New parts, major repairs etc. if partial paintwork is no longer sufficient or is not possible, the CARFIX painter comes into play and paints a large area and also everything as new according to the manufacturer's specifications. Category: Scratches Load More No time for an appointment on site? reach us by Whatsapp 0151-23546600 0151-23546600 Emailangebot@carfix.deangebot@carfix.de Send request with picture, video, email or Whatsapp and we will get back to you. See examples PULVER & BLEI - The advertising agency