Carfix car repair - overview of all services & services Close Shop 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de My account0 item0.00 € Dents Simply press out without painting. Our dent doctors save you a lot of money. More on dents & dents Scratches Optimal + cost-free partial painting. You will be amazed at what our professionals conjure up thanks to many years of experience. More about scratches & paint damage Rims and optics get more about rim repair thanks to clever repair technology Accident-specific, professional + safe and at the same time as comfortable as never before. More about accident repair leasing With our specialized leasing preparation before return, you can easily save thousands of euros. After a CARFIX vehicle preparation, your car looks like a new car. Our specialists clean and maintain your vehicle competently and conscientiously. More about hail maintenance The damage is often very similar and professional repair requires expertise and a lot of experience. More on hail damage upholstery A multitude of different, sometimes high-quality materials are used in the vehicle interior. more about upholstery car glass We do the rest more about Auto Glass PricesServicesBenefits & FAQBlogDirections & Contact 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de Whatsapp 0151-23546600 PricesServicesBenefits & FAQBlogDirections & Contacts and combining these methods can save up to 90% of the cost. Dents & bumps disappear without a trace and the paint is completely preserved more on dents & dents Hail damage The damage is often very similar and a professional repair requires expertise and a lot of experience. more about hail damage rims rims damaged? Do not fret ! Save money - we'll fix it! more about wheel rims car glass glass damage - repair from 0.00 € hand in - pick up! We do the rest more for car glass upholstery. We are also happy to help you with damage to the interior. more about Upholstery & Interior Scratches Ugly scratches can also disappear without a trace without painting the entire component. After a CARFIX vehicle reprocessing, your car looks like a new car. Our specialists clean and maintain your vehicle competently and conscientiously. More on vehicle maintenance Accident repair Professional accident repair in the CARFIX - carefree package More on accident repair leasing check If you don't always repair minor damage immediately during the holding period, the contract expires all the harder because damage can have accumulated quite a bit. more about the leasing check Current Posts Winter! The danger to the car comes from below. 11. February 2020 autumn! The danger to the car comes from above. 11. February 2020 Post 111. February 2020 CategoriesGeneral (3) No time for an appointment on site? How can you contact us? send and we will get back to you. See examples PULVER & BLEI - The advertising agency