Carfix - We take care of hail damage quickly and inexpensively Close Shop 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de My account0 item0.00 € DentsSimply press out without painting. Our dent doctors save you a lot of money. More on dents & dents Scratches Optimal + cost-free partial painting. You will be amazed at what our professionals conjure up thanks to many years of experience. More about scratches & paint damage Rims and optics get more about rim repair thanks to clever repair technology Accident-specific, professional + safe and at the same time as comfortable as never before. More about accident repair leasing With our specialized leasing preparation before return, you can easily save thousands of euros. After a CARFIX vehicle preparation, your car looks like a new car. Our specialists clean and maintain your vehicle competently and conscientiously. More about hail maintenance The damage is often very similar and professional repair requires expertise and a lot of experience. More on hail damage upholstery A multitude of different, sometimes high-quality materials are used in the vehicle interior. more about upholstery car glass We do the rest more about car glass PricesServicesBenefits & FAQBlogDirections & Contact 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de Whatsapp 0151-23546600 PricesServicesBenefits & FAQBlogDirections & ContactAll services DentsSimply press out without painting. Our dent doctors save you a lot of money. More on dents & dents Scratches Optimal + cost-free partial painting. You will be amazed at what our professionals conjure up thanks to many years of experience. More about scratches & paint damage Rims and optics get more about rim repair thanks to clever repair technology Accident-specific, professional + safe and at the same time as comfortable as never before. More about accident repair leasing With our specialized leasing preparation before return, you can easily save thousands of euros. After a CARFIX vehicle preparation, your car looks like a new car. Our specialists clean and maintain your vehicle competently and conscientiously. More about hail maintenance The damage is often very similar and professional repair requires expertise and a lot of experience. More on hail damage upholstery A multitude of different, sometimes high-quality materials are used in the vehicle interior. more about upholstery car glass We do the rest more about car glass hail damage learn more prices get started 1 visit come over. Even without an appointment 2OffersQuick & non-binding offer 3Make an appointment immediately, by mail or by phone 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de Whatsapp 0151-23546600 Make an appointment now Contact InformationWe should we contact you? TelephoneEmailVehicle information Additional informationHail damage, chestnuts or acorns? The damage is often very similar and a professional repair requires expertise and a lot of experience. For 19 years now we have been repairing hail damage in cooperation with the insurance companies and are constantly improving the efficiency of the repair methods. Is one or more of their vehicles or vehicles damaged by customers from hailstones, we will take care of the best possible and professional repairs and handling for you free of charge. We settle directly with the insurance company. Professional damage report and insurance inquiry. Free damage assessment for the insurance company. Top quality of the repair. Unlimited guarantee for professional execution of all work You will receive a guarantee for all work Fast quotes without an appointment Transparent prices Anytime short-term appointments Quick appointments Most frequently asked questions FAQ General How do I get a repair appointment? If a quote already exists but no appointment has been agreed, simply call 0331 502050 and make the appointment Email: termin @ carfix .de, SMS / WhatsApp: 0151-23546600 Appointment request please call back in our online form Leave an appointment request in our online form Categories: General, Carfixa How do I get a quote? Simply by coming to CARFIX and having the vehicle or the damage viewed once without obligation. We then create a repair plan easily and uncomplicated, which you can usually take with you immediately. You don't need an appointment. Categories: General, Carfix rims How quickly can I have my rims repaired by CARFIX? Depending on the season and schedule, a repair can be carried out within one Daily. But sometimes there is a bit of “traffic jam” and then it takes a little longer. You can bring the rims with tires, without tires or the whole car. Our rim specialists will know what to do.Category: RimsLoad MoreNo time for an appointment on site? How to contact us? Whatsapp0151-23546600 0151-23546600 Emailangebot@carfix.deangebot@carfix.de Request with picture, video, email or send Whatsapp and we will get back to you. See examples PULVER & BLEI - The advertising agency