Carfix Potsdam - Current data protection declaration & more Close Shop 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de My account0 item0.00 € Dents Simply press out without painting. Our dent doctors save you a lot of money. More on dents & dents Scratches Optimal + cost-free partial painting. You will be amazed at what our professionals conjure up thanks to many years of experience. More about scratches & paint damage Rims and optics get more about rim repair thanks to clever repair technology Accident-specific, professional + safe and at the same time as comfortable as never before. More about accident repair leasing With our specialized leasing preparation before return, you can easily save thousands of euros. After a CARFIX vehicle preparation, your car looks like a new car. Our specialists clean and maintain your vehicle competently and conscientiously. More about hail maintenance The damage is often very similar and professional repair requires expertise and a lot of experience. More on hail damage upholstery A multitude of different, sometimes high-quality materials are used in the vehicle interior. more about upholstery car glass We do the rest more about Autoglas PricesServicesBenefits & FAQBlogDirections & Contact 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de Whatsapp 0151-23546600 PricesBenefitsBenefits & FAQBlogDirections & ContactsCARFIX - data protection Use of our site is without one Personal data can be provided. Different rules may apply to the use of individual services on our site, which are explained separately in this case below. Your personal data (e.g. name, address, email, telephone number, etc.) will only be processed by us in accordance with the provisions of German data protection law. Data is personal if it can be clearly assigned to a specific natural person. The legal basis for data protection can be found in the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the Telemedia Act (TMG). The following regulations inform you about the type, scope and purpose of the collection, use and processing of personal data by the provider CARFIX0151-23546600info@carfix.de We point out that the internet-based data transmission has security gaps, complete protection against access by Third parties are therefore impossible.CookiesWe use so-called cookies on our site to recognize multiple uses of our offer by the same user / internet connection owner. Cookies are small text files that your internet browser stores and stores on your computer. They serve to optimize our website and our offers. These are mostly so-called "session cookies", which are deleted after the end of your visit. However, some of these cookies provide information in order to automatically recognize you. This recognition is based on the IP address stored in the cookies. The information obtained in this way serves to optimize our offers and to make it easier for you to access our site. You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of our website to their full extent.Registration functionWe offer you the opportunity to register on our site. The data entered in the course of this registration, which can be seen in the input mask of the registration form, is collected and stored exclusively for the use of our offer. When you register on our site, we will also save your IP address and the date and time of your registration. In the event that a third party misuses your data and registers on our site with this data without your knowledge, this serves as security on our part. It will not be passed on to third parties. The data collected in this way is not compared with data that may be collected by other components of our website. We offer you the option of subscribing to our newsletter on our website. With this newsletter we inform you about our offers at regular intervals. In order to receive our newsletter, you need a valid email address. We will check the email address you have entered to determine whether you are actually the owner of the email address provided or whose owner is authorized to receive the newsletter. When you register for our newsletter, we will save your IP address and the date and time of your registration. In the event that a third party misuses your email address and subscribes to our newsletter without your knowledge, this serves as security on our part. We do not collect any other data. The data collected in this way is used exclusively for the subscription to our newsletter. It will not be passed on to third parties. The data collected in this way is not compared with data that may be collected by other components of our website. You can unsubscribe from this newsletter at any time. You can find details on this in the confirmation e-mail and in each individual newsletter.Contact We offer you the option on our website to contact us by e-mail and / or using a contact form. In this case, the information provided by the user is stored for the purpose of processing his contact. It will not be passed on to third parties. The data collected in this way is not compared with data that may be collected by other components of our website. Comments are possible. We offer you the option of leaving comments on the individual contributions on our website. The IP address of the author / subscriber is saved here. For our security, this storage takes place in the event that the author interferes with the rights of third parties and / or unlawful content is removed. There is therefore a self-interest on our part in the author's stored data, especially since we may be prosecuted for such violations of the law. It will not be passed on to third parties. The data collected in this way is not compared with data that may be collected by other components of our website. Use of Google Analytics with anonymization function We use Google Analytics, a web analysis service from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, on our website. Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter "Google". Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and thereby enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by these cookies, e.g. time, place and frequency of your website visit including your IP Address, will be transferred to Google in the USA and saved there. We use Google Analytics on our website with the addition "_gat._anonymizeIp". In this case, your IP address will be truncated by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area and thereby anonymized.Google will use this information to evaluate your use of our website, to report on website activity for us and to provide other services related to website and internet use. Google may also transfer this information to third parties, if this is required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of Google. According to Google, under no circumstances will Google link your IP address with other Google data. You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website. Furthermore, Google offers a deactivation add-on for the most common browsers, which gives you more control over which data from Google the websites you visit. The add-on tells the JavaScript (ga.js) from Google Analytics that no information about the website visit should be transmitted to Google Analytics. However, the deactivation add-on for browsers from Google Analytics does not prevent information from being transmitted to us or to other web analysis services that we may use. For more information on installing the browser add-on, please click the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=deUse of Google+ recommendation componentsWe use the "+1" button on our website Provider Google+ from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter referred to as "Google". Each time our website is accessed, which is equipped with such a "+1" component, this component causes that the browser you are using downloads a corresponding representation of the component from Google. Through this process, Google is informed which specific page of our website is currently being visited. According to the information provided by Google, your visit will not be evaluated further in the event that you are not logged into your Google account. If you visit our website and are logged in to Google at the same time, Google can confirm the "+1" - Buttons collect information about your Google account, the website you recommend as well as your IP address and other browser-related information. This way your "+1" recommendation can be saved and made publicly available. Your Google "+1" recommendation thus submitted can then be displayed as a note together with your account name and, if applicable, with your photo stored with Google in Google services, such as in search results or in your Google account or in other places, such as on websites and advertisements on the Internet Google can link your visit to our site with your data stored by Google, which Google records information in order to further improve the Google services. Therefore, if you want to prevent the above-mentioned collection by Google as well as possible, you must log out of your Google account before visiting our website. Google's data protection information for the "+1" button with You can access all further information on the collection, transfer and use of data by Google, your rights in this regard and your profile setting options here: https://developers.google.com/+/web/buttons-policyUse of facebook components components from the provider facebook.com. Facebook is a service of facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. Each time you visit our website that is equipped with such a component, this component causes the browser you are using to have a corresponding one Representation of the component from facebook downloads. Through this process, facebook is informed about which specific page of our website you are currently visiting. If you visit our page and are logged in to facebook, facebook recognizes from the component information which specific page you are visiting and organizing this information to your personal account on facebook. Click e.g. the "Like" button or make appropriate comments, this information will be transmitted to your personal user account on facebook and saved there. In addition, the information that you have visited our site is passed on to facebook. This happens regardless of whether you click on the component or not.If you want to prevent this transmission and storage of data about you and your behavior on our website by facebook, you have to log out of facebook before you visit our site. Facebook's data protection information provides more detailed information, in particular on the collection and use of data by Facebook, your rights in this regard and the setting options for protecting your privacy: https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/ External tools available on the market that can be used to block Facebook social plugins with add-ons for all common browsers http://webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/ An overview of the Facebook plugins can be found at https: // developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/Use of the Twitter recommendation components We use components from the provider Twitter on our site. Twitter is a service provided by Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. Each time you access our website that is equipped with such a component, this component causes the browser you are using downloads a corresponding representation of the component from Twitter. Through this process, Twitter is informed about which specific page of our website is currently being visited. We have no influence on the data that Twitter collects, nor on the scope of this data collected by Twitter. To the best of our knowledge, Twitter will collect the URL of the website in question and the user's IP address, but will not use it for purposes other than displaying the Twitter component. Further information can be found in Twitter's data protection declaration at http://twitter.com/privacy.You can change your data protection settings in the account settings at http://twitter.com/account/settings. We use components of the XING.com network on our website. These components are a service of XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. Each time you access our website that is equipped with such a component, this component causes the browser you are using to display the component of XING downloads.As far as we know, XING does not store any of the user's personal data when you visit our website. XING also does not save any IP addresses. In addition, there is no evaluation of user behavior regarding the use of cookies in connection with the “XING Share Button”. Further information can be found in the data protection information for the XING Share button at: https://www.xing.com/app/share?op=data_protection Use of the LinkedIn recommendation components We use components of the LinkedIn network on our website. LinkedIn is a service of LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Each time our website is accessed that is equipped with such a component, this component causes the browser you are using to download a corresponding representation of the LinkedIn component. This process informs LinkedIn which specific page of our website is currently active is visited. If you click the LinkedIn “Recommend” button while you are logged into your LinkedIn account, you can link the content of our pages to your LinkedIn profile. This enables LinkedIn to assign your visit to our website to your LinkedIn user account. We have no influence on the data LinkedIn collects, nor on the scope of the data collected by LinkedIn. We also have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted to LinkedIn. Details on the data collection by LinkedIn as well as your rights and setting options can be found in LinkedIn's data protection information. You can find this information at http://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy Use of Pinterest We use the pinterest.com service on our website. Pinterest.com is a service of Pinterest, Inc., 808 Brannan St, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. Through the integrated "Pin it" button on our website, Pinterest receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding page on our website. If you are logged in to Pinterest, Pinterest can assign this visit to our page to your Pinterest account and thus link the data. The data transmitted by clicking the "Pin it" button is saved by Pinterest. For the purpose and scope of data collection, its processing and use, as well as your rights and setting options to protect your privacy, you can find further information in the Pinterest data protection information, which you can access at http://pinterest.com/about/privacy/ To prevent Pinterest from associating your visit to our site with your Pinterest account, you must log out of your Pinterest account before visiting our site. Use of Google AdWords We also use the Google advertising tool "Google Adwords" to advertise our website. a. As part of this, we use the "Conversion Tracking" analysis service from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter "Google", on our website. If you came to our website via a Google ad, a cookie will be placed on your computer. Cookies are small text files that your internet browser stores and stores on your computer. These so-called "conversion cookies" lose their validity after 30 days and are not used for your personal identification. If you visit certain pages of our website and the cookie has not yet expired, we and Google can recognize that you as a user have clicked on one of our ads placed on Google and have been redirected to our page. The "conversion cookies" were obtained Information is used by Google to generate visitor statistics for our website. These statistics tell us the total number of users who clicked on our ad and which pages of our website were subsequently called up by the respective user. However, we or others via "Google Adwords" receive no information that can be used to personally identify users. You can prevent the installation of "conversion cookies" by setting your browser accordingly, for example by changing your browser settings Automatic setting of cookies is generally deactivated or only the cookies from the domain "googleadservices.com" are blocked. You can find Google's data protection declaration under the following link: https://services.google.com/sitestats/de.html Online job applications Your application data will be electronically collected and processed by us for the purpose of processing the application process. If your application is followed by an employment contract, your transmitted data can be used by us for the purpose of the usual organizational and administrative process, taking into account the relevant legal regulations If you reject your job application, the data you have submitted will be deleted automatically two months after notification of the rejection. This does not apply if longer storage is necessary due to legal requirements (e.g. the obligation to provide evidence in accordance with the General Equal Treatment Act) or if you have expressly consented to longer storage in our prospect database. Information / Revocation / Deletion You can contact the Federal Data Protection Act if you have any questions about Collect, process or use your personal data and correct, block, delete or revoke your consent free of charge. We would like to point out that you have the right to correct incorrect data or delete personal data if there is no legal obligation to retain this right. This cookie statement was last updated on April 9, 2020 and applies to citizens of the European Economic Zone. 1. Introduction Our website, https://carfix.de (hereinafter: "The Website") uses cookies and similar technologies (for the sake of simplicity, all of these are summarized under "Cookies"). Cookies are also placed by third parties commissioned by us. In the document below we inform you about the use of cookies on our website. 2. What are cookies? A cookie is a simple small file that can be sent together with the pages of an Internet address and saved by the web browser on a PC or other device. The information stored therein can be sent during subsequent visits to our or the servers of relevant third parties. 3. What are scripts? A script is part of the code that makes our website work properly and interactively. This code is executed on our server or on your device. 4. What is a web beacon? A web beacon (also called a pixel tag) is a small invisible text fragment or image on a website that is used to monitor traffic on the website. In order to make this possible, various data about you will be saved using web beacons. 5. When you visit our website for the first time, you will see a popup with an explanation of cookies. As soon as you click on "All Cookies", you agree that we use all cookies and plug-ins that are described in the popup and in this cookie statement. You can deactivate the use of cookies via your browser. However, please note that our website may no longer function properly. 6. Cookies6.1 Technical or functional cookiesSome cookies ensure that parts of our website work properly and your user preferences remain known. By placing functional cookies, we make it easier for you to visit our website. This way you don't have to repeatedly enter the same information when visiting our website, or your items stay in your shopping cart until you pay. We can place these cookies without your consent. 6.2 Analysis cookiesWe do not use analysis cookies on this website.6.3 Advertising cookiesWe do not use advertising cookies on this website.6.4 Social media buttonsOn our website we have inserted buttons for WhatsApp to display websites (e.g. , "Pin") or share (e.g. "Tweet") in social networks such as WhatsApp. These buttons use code that comes from WhatsApp itself. This code places cookies. These social media buttons can also store and process certain information so that you can be shown personalized advertising. Please read the privacy policy of these social networks (which can change regularly) to find out how they deal with your (personal) data that you process using these cookies. The data accessed is anonymized as much as possible. WhatsApp is located in the United States7. Placed CookiesWooCommerceWe use WooCommerce for webshop management. Read moreName Retention Functional Functionalwc_cart_hash_ * SessionStore items in shopping cartwc_fragments_ * persistentDistributionThis data is not shared with third parties.Tidio Live ChatWe use Tidio Live Chat for chat support. Read moreName RetentionFunctionObject of the investigationtidio_state_ * ForwardingFor further information, please read the Tidio Live ChatPrivacy Policy.WordPressWe use WordPress for website development. Read moreName RetentionFunctionfunctionalwp-api-schema-model * Sessionwordpress_test_cookieothingChecks if cookies can be placedwordpress_logged_in_ * persistentKeep users logged inDistributionThis data is not shared with third parties.ComplianceWe use compliance to manage cookie consent. Read moreName RetentionFunctionfunctionalcompliance_consent_status365 daysStore cookie consent preferencescomplianz_policy_id365 daysRegister accepted cookie policy IDDisclosureFor more information, please read the ComplianceData Protection Policy.AutomatticWe use Automattic for website development. Read moreName RetentionFunctionStatistiktk_aiSessionStore a unique user IDDistributionFor more information, please read the AutomatticData Protection Policy.WordFenceWe use WordFence for website security. WeiterlesenNameEinbehaltungFunktionfunktionellewfwaf-authcookie- * 12 hour end dates if the user is logged inWeitergabeFür more information please read Bestimmungen.SonstigesNameEinbehaltungFunktionGegenstand WordFenceDatenschutz-that of UntersuchungjStoragejStorage_updatepanels_clipboard_ * 12848881255dfc92681c4a6531854998undefinedwistia-video-progress 95z0cb0yxbwistia-video-progress j042jylrrepersist hs-beacon-44cc73fb-7636-4206- b115-c7b33823551bwistia-video-progress-803tlui8oiwistiawistia-video-progress-frwm2xrkslwistia-video-progres message-44cc73fb-7636-4206-b115-c7b33823551bwistia-video-progress-09kolaz9o0PHPSESSIDnextendsessionwp-autosave-1Share this data will not be shared with third parties. 8. Your rights in relation to personal data You have the following rights in relation to your personal data: You have the right to know why your personal data are used, what happens to them and how long they are kept. Access right: You have the right your Right to rectification: You have the right whenever you wish to add, correct, delete or block your personal data. If you have given us your consent to the processing of your data, you have the right Revoke this consent and have your personal data deleted.Right to transfer your data: You have the right to request all your personal data from one controller and to transfer all of your personal data to another controller.Objection right: you can process your data disagree. We comply with this unless there are legitimate reasons for the processing.To exercise these rights, please contact us. Please refer to the contact details at the end of this cookie statement. If you have a complaint about how we treat your data we would like to hear it, but you also have the right to address it to the supervisory authority (the data protection authority). 9. Activation / deactivation and deletion of cookies You can use your internet browser to delete cookies automatically or manually. You can also choose to prevent certain cookies from being placed. Another option is to change the settings of your internet browser so that you receive a message every time a cookie is set. More information about these options can be found in the instructions in the help section of your browser. Please note that our website may not work properly if all cookies are deactivated. If you delete the cookies in your browser, they will be placed again when you visit our website again. 10. For questions and / or comments about our cookie guidelines and this statement, please contact us using the following contact details: Karsten Liedtke Gerlachstraße 10 14480 Potsdam Germany Website: https://carfix.de Email: info@carfix.de Cookie consent Revoke Current Status: Accepted Current Status: DeniedThis cookie policy has been synchronized with cookiedatabase.org on April 9, 2020 The danger to the car comes from below. 11. February 2020 autumn! The danger to the car comes from above. 11. February 2020 Post 111. February 2020 CategoriesGeneral (3) No time for an appointment on site? How can you contact us? send and we will get back to you. See examples PULVER & BLEI - The advertising agency