Carfix - Fast treatment of dents & bumps on the car Close Shop 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de My account0 item0.00 € DentsSimply push out without painting. Our dent doctors save you a lot of money. More on dents & dents Scratches Optimal + cost-free partial painting. You will be amazed at what our professionals conjure up thanks to many years of experience. More about scratches & paint damage Rims and optics get more about rim repair thanks to clever repair technology Accident-specific, professional + safe and at the same time as comfortable as never before. More about accident repair leasing With our specialized leasing preparation before return, you can easily save thousands of euros. After a CARFIX vehicle preparation, your car looks like a new car. Our specialists clean and maintain your vehicle competently and conscientiously. More about hail maintenance The damage is often very similar and professional repair requires expertise and a lot of experience. More on hail damage upholstery A multitude of different, sometimes high-quality materials are used in the vehicle interior. more about upholstery car glass We do the rest more about car glass PricesServicesBenefits & FAQBlogDirections & Contact 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de Whatsapp 0151-23546600 PricesServicesBenefits & FAQBlogDirections & ContactAll services DentsSimply press out without painting. Our dent doctors save you a lot of money. More on dents & dents Scratches Optimal + cost-free partial painting. You will be amazed at what our professionals conjure up thanks to many years of experience. More about scratches & paint damage Rims and optics get more about rim repair thanks to clever repair technology Accident-specific, professional + safe and at the same time as comfortable as never before. More about accident repair leasing With our specialized leasing preparation before return, you can easily save thousands of euros. After a CARFIX vehicle preparation, your car looks like a new car. Our specialists clean and maintain your vehicle competently and conscientiously. More about hail maintenance The damage is often very similar and professional repair requires expertise and a lot of experience. More on hail damage upholstery A multitude of different, sometimes high-quality materials are used in the vehicle interior. more about upholstery car glass We do the rest more about car glass dents and dents disappear without a trace and the paint remains intact. Learn more PricesLet's go 1Visit Come over. Even without an appointment 2OffersQuick & non-binding offer 3Make an appointment immediately, by mail or by phone 0331 - 50 20 50 0331 - 50 20 50 info@carfix.de info@carfix.de Whatsapp 0151-23546600 Make an appointment now Contact InformationWe should we contact you? TelephoneEmailVehicle information Additional informationThe bump goes, the paint remainsIf the paint is not damaged, dents and bumps can be removed very inexpensively. With special tools, skill and experience, the sheet is pressed back into its original state. Expensive painting is omitted because the original paint remains unaffected. This saves up to 90% of the costs and over 90% of the time. Even roundings and kinks can be restored. Before Before After After Responsive WordPress Carousel This repair method is advantageous in several ways. The costs are up to 90% lower than when repairing with a spatula and varnish 100%. i.e. 100% original condition. A repair is not recognizable The repair time is only a few minutes to hours. We have been refining this method for more than 25 years and we also sell our specially developed tool to our specialist colleagues. We mainly use 2 methods for dents and dents. These are particularly gentle and offer an optimal result and counter-movement from the top: With hot melt adhesives, pull adapters are glued to the paint and the deformations are pulled out. The special adhesive can then be removed without leaving any residue. Pressing method Pressure and countermovement from the back: Dentsentft is felt and pressed back from the back with lifting tools. The top is illuminated and observed with a special grazing light. A fair and transparent pricing is an integral part of the CARFIX philosophy. The prices for the professional CARFIX repair services should always correspond to the actual effort. That is why our price offers are always individually tailored to the respective repair task. The decisive factors are your wishes as a customer and the material and time expenditure resulting from the resulting repair schedule. The prices for the paint damage-free removal of dents and dents depend in particular on the material -The access to the back of the Dell the size and structure of the voltage at the repair site of the shape of the dismantling effort, if necessary. beads and edges to be formed The prices therefore often fluctuate between € 30, e.g. for a small, easily accessible dent and € 150 for very large dents. In any case, this repair method is the most economical compared to the classic method. Savings of up to more than 90% are possible here. Example: A chestnut dent in the roof should be removed. Conventional repair, fill and completely paint the roof. 400 - 900, - € repair time2 - 3 days final strength after 3 - 6 weeks. Remove CARFIX dent repair dent 50 - 80, - € Repair time 1 hour Final strength Immediately Your advantages with CARFIX Faster repairs Paintwork damage-free removal of a small dent in just a few minutes Cost-effective repairs Fast & cost-effective repairs as if nothing had happened ? If a cost estimate already exists but no appointment has yet been made, there are two options, simply call 0331 502050 and make an appointment. Email: termin@carfix.de, SMS / Wh atsApp: 0151-23546600 call for an appointment request a callback in our online form leave an appointment request in our online form Categories: General, Carfixa How do I get a quote? Simply by coming to CARFIX and having a look at the vehicle or the damage without obligation. We then create a simple and uncomplicated repair plan and a clear cost estimate, which you can usually take with you immediately.You do not need an appointment.Categories: General, CarfixBeulenaHow does the CARFIX dent doctor work compared to the CARFIX body builder? The Carfix dent doctor "massages" the dent of the Remove the back of the sheet again, see: Pressing method or pulls out the dent with an adhesive pulling technique. See train technology. The original paint is retained and the dent disappears completely. After a few minutes of careful and careful work, the damage is remedied. The Carfix body builder is responsible for the more difficult cases. Painting is always necessary after his work. If the paint is damaged or / and the sheet is very deformed or rusted, the paint is first removed and the sheet is driven back into shape. Subtleties are smoothed out with a spatula or tin. Sometimes components or assemblies are also exchanged. See also CARFIX accident repair. For small areas, the CARFIX paint doctor can now complete the repair with a small and less expensive partial painting. For larger tasks, the CARFIX painter is used and repaints the entire component. Category: BeulenLoad MoreNo time for an appointment on site? You can reach us by Whatsapp0151-23546600 0151-23546600 Emailangebot@carfix.deangebot@carfix.de Send request with picture, video, email or Whatsapp and we will get back to you. See examples PULVER & BLEI - The advertising agency