Imprint - Glasenapp Karosseriebau Berlin Skip to content Search for: Contact Heinz Glasenapp Karosseriebau Sven Janoschka Berliner Straße 144 (B96) 13467 Berlin (Hermsdorf) Monday - Friday 7.30am - 6pm Saturday by phone. Agreement Phone: +49 (0) 30 - 404 62 82 Fax: +49 (0) 30 - 404 50 39 Email: glasenapp-berlin@t-online.de ImprintDesign2019-05-14T00: 39: 20 + 01: 00 Imprint Heinz Glasenapp Karosseriebau Sven Janoschka Berliner Straße 144 (B96) 13467 Berlin (Hermsdorf) Telephone +49 (0) 30 - 404 62 82 Fax +49 (0) 30 - 404 50 39 E-Mail: glasenapp-berlin (at) t-online.de Responsible iSd 55 Abs. 2 RStV: Sven Janoschka Berliner Straße 144 (B96) 13467 Berlin (Hermsdorf) VAT ID number: DE 321 235 879 Tax number: 17/364/01448 Memberships: Chamber of Crafts Berlin body and vehicle manufacturers guild Berlin ZKF - Central Body and Vehicle Technology Association Eurogarant AG Design & implementation: Balzer digital + disclaimer 1. Content of the online offer The author assumes no responsibility for the topicality, correctness, completeness or quality of the information provided. Liability claims against the author, which refer to material or immaterial damage caused by the use or non-use of the information provided or by the use of incorrect and incomplete information, are fundamentally excluded, unless the author can prove that it was intentional or grossly negligent Is at fault. All offers are non-binding. The author expressly reserves the right to change, supplement or delete parts of the pages or the entire offer without separate announcement, or to temporarily or permanently cease publication. 2. References and links In the case of direct or indirect references to external websites (“hyperlinks”) that are outside the area of ​​responsibility of the author, a liability obligation would only come into force if the author was aware of the content and he knew it it would be technically possible and reasonable to prevent the use of illegal content. The author hereby expressly declares that at the time of linking, no illegal content was recognizable on the linked pages. The author has no influence whatsoever on the current and future design, content or authorship of the linked pages. He therefore hereby expressly distances himself from all content on all linked / connected pages that were changed after the link was created. This statement applies to all links and references set within the company's own website as well as to third-party entries in guest books, discussion forums, link directories, mailing lists and all other forms of databases set up by the author, the content of which can be accessed externally. For illegal, incorrect or incomplete content and in particular for damage resulting from the use or non-use of information provided in this way, the provider of the page to which reference is made is solely liable, not the person who merely refers to the respective publication via links. 3. Copyright and trademark law The author endeavors to observe the copyrights of the images, graphics, sound documents, video sequences and texts used in all publications, to use images, graphics, sound documents, video sequences and texts created by himself or to use license-free graphics, Access sound documents, video sequences and texts. All brands and trademarks mentioned on the website and possibly protected by third parties are subject without restriction to the provisions of the applicable trademark law and the ownership rights of the respective registered owner. The mere mention does not mean that trademarks are not protected by the rights of third parties! The copyright for published objects created by the author remains solely with the author of the pages. Duplication or use of such graphics, sound documents, video sequences and texts in other electronic or printed publications is not permitted without the express consent of the author. 4. Data protection If there is an opportunity to enter personal or business data (email addresses, names, addresses) on the website, the disclosure of this data by the user is expressly voluntary. The use and payment of all services offered is - as far as technically possible and reasonable - also permitted without providing such data or by entering anonymized data or a pseudonym. The use of the contact data published in the imprint or comparable information such as postal addresses, telephone and fax numbers and email addresses by third parties to send information that has not been expressly requested is not permitted. Legal steps against the senders of so-called spam mails in violation of this prohibition are expressly reserved. 5. Legal validity of this disclaimer This disclaimer is to be regarded as part of the internet publication which you were referred from. If parts or individual formulations of this text should not, no longer or not completely correspond to the applicable legal situation, the remaining parts of the document remain unaffected in their content and validity. Photo credits: Title picture: Building with land - Glasenapp Karassoreriebau Contact Heinz Glasenapp Karosseriebau Sven Janoschka Berliner Straße 144 (B96) 13467 Berlin (Hermsdorf) Monday - Friday 7.30am - 6pm Saturday by phone. Agreement Phone: +49 (0) 30 - 404 62 82 Fax: +49 (0) 30 - 404 50 39 Email: glasenapp-berlin@t-online.de Legal Imprint Privacy Policy Security © Copyright 2016 - | Glasenapp Berlin