Other-Services - Auto Cleane - Paintless dent repair Lille, Lens, Arras ... The easy, economical ecological solution for your car! Home The concept Indoor prices Outdoor prices Other services Specific cleaning Specials Contact Other services Auto Cleane offers you various additional services visible below: Cigarette hole repair, leather renovation, plastic renovation, rim renovation, optics renovation, engine cleaning, Advertising destickage, Camping Car cleaning, Utility cleaning, sofa cleaning, carpet, premises, windows, dwellings ... Intervention at home and quality 100% guaranteed satisfied. Take an appointment online in 2 minutes here Repair, Renovation or Modification of leathers Take an appointment Online Give your leather a second life !!! Wear, discoloration, scratches, cuts, holes, cracks ... We are at your service to renovate, restore, and recolor or change the color of your leather (or imitation leather) Benches, steering wheels, dashboards, door panels , armrest ... Also available the renovation of your sofa. Auto Cleane is able to give your vehicle a makeover, whatever its age! (click here to see photo) PRICE FROM 80 € TTC "To see the different rates for the renovation of leather click here" Cigarette hole repair Make an appointment online We can repair a cigarette hole on a fabric seat, velvet, alcantara, leather, imitation leather Or on a door trim, carpet, ceiling lamp, floor mat ... Our technicians are even able to reproduce the original fabric weft or the grain of the leather so that this hole is never again visible. (click here to see photo) PRICE 80 € TTC We also work on holes, nicks, tears and peeling of carpets, ceiling lights ... which are not due to cigarette holes. (On estimate at 06.62.29.89.24) Repair and repainting of plastics This repair consists in repairing the fixing holes of telephones, scratches, cracks and wear of plastics in the passenger compartment of your vehicle. Thanks to several repair techniques and methods, our technicians repair all types of holes in dashboards or automobile trim. Cracked and scuffed plastics become like new after repair and repainting. Repairs can be made on all types of plastics, vinyls, etc. Repairs have a much lower cost than replacing the damaged item and this will not decrease the value of the vehicle during a resale. We also work on exterior plastics such as bumpers, door strips, mirror shells, etc. Do you want to make the holes in your plastics and vinyl disappear? We can quickly fix them… Think about it !!! (click here to see a photo) ON QUOTE Online booking for this service is disabled, please send us your photos by email to obtain your quote at: contact@autocleane.com or at 06.62.29.89.24 Rims Alu Take Online appointment Renovation of aluminum rim (only Alu solid color) Repair rather than replace, that is our motto, in the case of rims, repair allows you to have rims like new at lower cost. (click here to see photo) PRICE 80 € TTC Bodywork Make an appointment online Bodywork renovation see page External prices Contact us for a personalized quote ... Intervention at the place of your choice 7/7 from 8h to 20h Contact our team at 03.66.23.27.45 or 06.62.29.89.24 We can also fill in deep scratches and gravel impacts, especially on the front face. Do you want to remove scratches on your bodywork? We can quickly fix it…. Think about it !! To remove micro-scratches due to roller washing and scratches on your body Our body experts advise you on the "Renovation or Renovation Plus" Exterior packages Do you have a scratch or two to have removed? You can make an appointment directly online choose the stripe renovation package. Auto Cleane can renovate your vehicle entirely inside or outside regardless of its "contact us" condition or book online here Advertising destickage / Removal of tags and graffiti We take care of removing all the stickers as well as the tags and graffiti on your vehicles. Our experts travel within your company to carry out the advertising destickage on vehicles. (click here to see a photo) ADVERTISING DESTICKAGE / DELETION TAGS ON QUOTE Online booking for this service is disabled, please send us your photos by email to obtain your quote at: contact@autocleane.com or at 06.62.29.89. 24 Engine cleaning Make an appointment online With Auto Cleane your engine is cleaned in several stages: This package is also suitable for engine oil leaks (Cleaning above and below the engine) - Protection of sensitive elements (alternator, flow meter, .. .) - Cleaning the engine with a degreaser using various brushes - Rinsing - Drying - Plastic treatment (click here to see a photo) PRICE 80 € incl. Tax Renovation of headlight optics Make an online appointment of any kind . Their appearance ages: yellowish, opaque, rough but more than the aesthetic aspect, it is efficiency and therefore safety that loses. The solution: change your headlights .... Auto Cleane offers you an alternative: renovation headlight optics Small reminder: vehicles whose optics have lost their efficiency must pass a counter-visit during the technical inspection. (click here to see photo) PRICE 80 € incl. VAT (per pair) Specific cleaning Make an appointment Line Description: Motorcycle cleaning, utility, fleet, heavy weight, motorhome ... I make an appointment online here For cleaning upholstery textiles please connect to our new site dedicated specifically to upholstery textiles For see our prices for cleaning of sofa, carpet ... Please log on to www.Cleane-Nettoyage.com you will find all the necessary information for cleaning your sofa, carpet, mattress ... we we have also set up a day package for more info visit the site. You want to have your car and your sofa cleaned at the same time, consult our promotional prices via the online agenda, you will find all the details and promotions there. I make an appointment online here Are you selling or looking for a vehicle? Post your ads for free on our facebook page, check out the good opportunities in your region The members are only users of the Nord Pas de Calais region Useful information: A clean and good car obviously sells better. It is therefore essential to invest in a complete cleaning. Take care of the interior and exterior aspect: it's the first impression that counts To consult, place your ads click here Contact us 7/7 from 8h to 20h at 03.66.23.27.45 or 06.62.29.89.24 THE SERVICES MORE Auto Cleane We can, during an interior and / or exterior cleaning, perform: -The cleaning of your baby seat ... -Check and adjust the pressure of your tires ... -Upgrade the washing liquid ice cream (provided by you) ... These services are offered free of charge on request, please indicate when you book your appointment online "" With Auto Cleane, don't worry, we will take care of everything! "" Contact us 7/7 from 8h to 20h at 03.66.23.27.45 or 06.62.29.89.24 Make an appointment online in 2 minutes here We can also reseal deep scratches, and gravel impacts especially on the front face. Consider offering a "gift voucher!" Valentine's Day, Father's Day, birthday ... Auto Cleane is able to give your vehicle a makeover, whatever its age! So do not hesitate to contact us for advice, a question, a quote ... Also discover our à la carte services: You can have only 1 seat cleaned, all seats, a stain on a carpet, the ceiling light etc. .. For the exterior: body scratch, rim renovation, engine cleaning, optical renovation etc ... To make an appointment for an à la carte service and see our prices, log on to the online agenda here and choose the package à la carte service. Online appointment information: Make an appointment directly online, then choose your desired package or promotion then select the desired date and time of the appointment Your appointment will be recorded in the online agenda of the Auto Cleane company (intervention at home or at your workplace, free travel in the Nord pas de Calais region AUTO CLEANE / Expert in car cleaning & renovation since 2009 Consult or leave us your comments here Your car .... It is our passion! you at 03 66 23 27 45 or 06 62 29 89 24 Make an appointment online The cleaning and renovation of your car by an expert