Car scratch removal, Auto polishing Lille, Lens, Arras ... Home The concept Interior rates Exterior rates Other services Specific cleaning Specials Contact Welcome to the Auto Cleane website Quality car cleaning and renovation service Your car matters to you .... Entrust it to real car cleaning professionals, Automotive Aesthetics Contact us on 03.61.00.45.16 or 06.62.29.89.24 7 days a week from 8:00 am to 8:00 pm Make an Online Appointment Your car…. It’s our passion! Auto Cleane a quality service, a complete service The aesthetics at the service of your Auto Do you sell a vehicle? Or do you simply want to give it an impeccable state? Auto Cleane refurbishes your car. We therefore offer various services and packages to meet your requests. This ranges from interior cleaning to complete renovation or to specific requests such as the renovation of optics. These micro-scratches and other imperfections, that you see in full sun bother you? We are here to solve these problems with high-end products known and recognized worldwide. Our correction methods will remove all these defects, and restore the mirror effect to your car. At home throughout the Nord Pas de Calais region and neighboring regions to see our area of ​​intervention click here Specialist in car washing and preparation, Auto Cleane offers those who love and want to preserve the value of their purchase, a whole range of vehicle cleaning and protection services at home, guaranteeing you an impeccable result. Auto Cleane offers you quality vehicle cleaning services carried out by competent and trained professionals. Why contact us! With Auto Cleane, be sure of the result, its the assurance of contacting a serious company, a professional, qualified and competent team, carefully chosen and disciplined staff, a telephone reception available to meet your needs, a professional team at your service. service, the agents who work at your home, place of work or other are personnel from Auto Cleane qualified, competent and selected from among the best Auto Cleane is a young dynamic and serious company. From our passion for the automobile we offer you a complete quality service for the maintenance of your vehicle (as well as boats, motorhomes, utilities, motorcycles ... Sofas, carpets ...) But also various services such as repairing cigarette holes, cleaning the engine ... We work in all weathers, even in the rain, thanks to our foldable waterproof barnums which will protect your vehicle and the preparer. So we guarantee you a quality service at home even in the rain. Our teams of professionals travel to your home or the place of your choice (business, work, parking ...) 7 days a week and throughout the Nord Pas de Calais region and neighboring regions (according to your needs, your desires, your availability) and thus keep your free time from 8:00 to 20:00. AUTO CLEANE A SERVICE FOR INDIVIDUAL AND PROFESSIONAL You want to have your vehicle cleaned? Auto Cleane offers you a flexible and efficient professional service without having to travel! You will not believe your eyes !!! Result and quality of professional finish guaranteed! * FAST APPOINTMENT ** ADVANTAGEOUS PRICE *** QUALITY WORK **** FREE MOVEMENT AN APPOINTMENT A OWN CAR !!! Do not hesitate to contact us 7/7 from 8h to 20h At AUTO CLEANE every detail counts and we do everything we can to make your car as close as possible to perfection. For this, no secret or magic, our only rule is to take the time to do things right. Anyone can claim to be a preparer, but only a true experienced enthusiast can give the best of your vehicle. The originality of the Auto Cleane concept lies in our technicality. All our washes are done using professional tools capable of cleaning any type of surface (interior, exterior) and thus deeply treating your vehicle for a most impressive result. Each component of your cabin is meticulously cleaned, so that the result is impeccable and nothing comes to spoil the final impression of cleanliness, new. We use recognized techniques and products adapted to the materials encountered. (Leather, varnish, wood, aluminum, chrome, carbon, ...) The products we use have been selected for their qualities Discover all of our services, we take care of your car! For washing your car or giving it a makeover. We wish you a good visit. Quality and our passion at your service Auto Cleane - 06.62.29.89.24 / 03.61.00.45.16 7/7 from 8h to 20h Cleaning and renovation of your car. By an expert