Imprint - autoPRO - Autoteile Schwer Skip navigation SERVICES OFFERS autoPRO NEWS ARRIVAL Imprint Imprint Information according to § 5 TMG Autoteile Schwer Günzburger Str. 78A 89264 Weißenhorn Phone: 07309/5511 Fax: 07309/3294 Email: info@autoteile-schwer.de Web : Www.autoteile-schwer.de Owner / Managing DirectorMatthias Schwer Commercial register entry VAT ID number: DE313197076 Note according to § 36 Consumer Dispute Settlement Act (VSBG) The seller / contractor will not take part in a dispute settlement procedure before a consumer arbitration board within the meaning of the VSBG and is not obliged to do so. Liability for content As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages in accordance with general laws in accordance with Section 7 (1) TMG. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, we as a service provider are not obliged to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the time we become aware of a specific legal violation. As soon as we become aware of such violations, we will remove this content immediately. Liability for links Our offer contains links to external third-party websites, the content of which we have no influence on. For this reason, we cannot accept any liability for this external content. The respective provider or operator is always responsible for the content of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time the link was created. No illegal content was discernible at the time the link was created. A permanent control of the content of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of an infringement. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately. Copyright The content and works on these pages created by the site operator are subject to German copyright law. The duplication, processing, distribution and any kind of use outside the limits of copyright law require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of this page are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. As far as the content on this page was not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are respected. In particular contents of third parties are marked as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, please let us know. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such content immediately. Source: https://www.e-recht24.de Opening times MO - FR07: 30 a.m. - 6 p.m. SA08: 00 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Günzburger Str. 78A 89264 Weißenhorn Granit Online Shop »News 03.05.2020 With flip-flops car can I drive? Driving a car with flip-flops - can I? With rising temperatures, many drivers ask themselves whether driving with sandals, flip-fl ... Read more »26.04.2020 Touching someone else's car - what should I do now and what not? Touching someone else's car - what should I do now and what not? If you touch a parked car and there is no trace of vehicle age far and wide, ... Read more »26.04.2020 Mouthguards while driving - what should I watch out for? Mouthguards when driving - what should I watch out for? From April 27th, a mask requirement applies in all German federal states - mainly in G ... Read more »20.04.2020 Path with the yellow layer - how to remove pollen from the car Path with the yellow layer - how to remove pollen from the car Birken , Beech, ash, willow - high season for bee pollen: what the allergy sufferers are currently ... Read more »12.04.2020 HU soon - are the test centers open? HU due soon - have the test bases opened? The main inspection will soon be up for millions of motorists again - usually like this ... Read more »Agricultural serviceWe offer you an extensive range of all spare parts and accessories for agricultural machinery, garden equipment and construction machinery. Trailer serviceEverything for your trailer: from the axle to brakes, drawbars, supports and support wheels to wheel chocks and ball coupling. With us you will find everything to make your trailer fit again. Battery service The car battery is heavily used in every season. In winter, the freezing temperatures are particularly stressful for the battery. With its hot temperatures, summer often causes the battery to lose fluid. Before you ... Brake serviceAn optimally functioning brake is important for driving safety! The brake system consists of many different components such as brake pads, discs, hoses or fluid. These must be in perfect condition .... Commercial vehicle service We can supply you with commercial vehicle spare parts in original equipment quality. We supply you with tailor-made, high-quality commercial vehicle spare parts at affordable prices. Wheels and tiresWe offer a wide range of summer and winter tires at fair prices. Our specialist staff will be happy to advise you! Services »To home page 07309 5511 info@autoteile-schwer.de To directions © 2020 autoPRO Autoteile Schwer | Günzburger Str.78A | 89264 Weissenhorn | Tel. 07309 5511 Skip navigation • Imprint • Data protection • Contact This website uses cookies to make all functions fully usable and to analyze the access to our website. For more information, please see our privacy policy. Agree