Data protection - autoPRO - Autoteile Schwer Skip navigation SERVICES OFFERS autoPRO LATEST ARRIVAL Imprint Data protection Name and contact of the person responsible according to Article 4 Paragraph 7 GDPR Company: Autoteile Schwer Address: Günzburger Str. 78A, 89264 WeißenhornTelephone: 07309-5511Telefax: 07309-3294E-Mail: info@autoteile-schwer.de Security and protection of your personal data We consider it our primary task to maintain the confidentiality of the personal data provided by you and to protect them from unauthorized access. That is why we apply extreme care and the latest security standards to ensure maximum protection of your personal data. As a private company, we are subject to the provisions of the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the regulations of the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG). We have taken technical and organizational measures to ensure that data protection regulations are observed by both us and our external service providers. DefinitionsThe legislator requires that personal data be processed in a lawful manner, in good faith and in a manner that is comprehensible to the data subject ("legality, good faith processing, transparency"). To ensure this, we inform you about the individual legal definitions that are also used in this data protection declaration: 1. Personal data "Personal data" are all information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter "data subject" ) Respectively; An identifiable person is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by assigning an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or one or more special characteristics, the expression of the physical , physiological, genetic, psychological, economic, cultural or social identity of this natural person. 2. Processing "Processing" is any process or series of processes carried out with or without the aid of automated processes in connection with personal data such as the collection, recording, organization, organization, storage, adaptation or modification, reading out , querying, using, disclosing through transmission, distribution or any other form of provision, comparison or linking, restriction, deletion or destruction. 3. Restriction of processing "Restriction of processing" is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of restricting their future processing. 4. Profiling "Profiling" is any type of automated processing of personal data, which consists in the fact that this personal data is used to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular aspects relating to work performance, economic situation To analyze or predict health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or change of location of this natural person. 5. Pseudonymization "Pseudonymization" is the processing of personal data in such a way that the personal data can no longer be assigned to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that this additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organizational measures that ensure that that the personal data cannot be assigned to an identified or identifiable natural person. 6. File system "File system" is any structured collection of personal data that is accessible according to certain criteria, regardless of whether this collection is managed centrally, decentrally or according to functional or geographical aspects. 7. Responsible "Responsible" is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body that alone or together with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data; If the purposes and means of this processing are specified by Union law or the law of the Member States, the person responsible or the specific criteria for naming them can be provided according to Union law or the law of the Member States. 8. Processor "Processor" is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body that processes personal data on behalf of the person responsible. 9. Recipient "Recipient" is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body to which personal data are disclosed, regardless of whether it is a third party or not. However, authorities that may receive personal data as part of a specific investigation mandate under Union law or the law of the Member States are not considered recipients; The processing of this data by the aforementioned authorities is carried out in accordance with the applicable data protection regulations in accordance with the purposes of the processing. 10. Third party "third party" is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body, apart from the data subject, the controller, the processor and the persons who are authorized under the direct responsibility of the controller or processor, the personal data to process. 11. Consent "A consent" of the data subject is any voluntary expression of will in the form of an explanation or other clear confirmatory act, in an informed manner and unequivocally, for the specific case, with which the data subject indicates that they are processing the data subject personal data concerning you agrees. Lawfulness of processing The processing of personal data is only lawful if there is a legal basis for the processing. The legal basis for processing can be in accordance with Article 6 (1) lit. a - f GDPR in particular: a. The data subject has given their consent to the processing of their personal data for one or more specific purposes; b. the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures that are carried out at the request of the data subject; c. the processing is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation to which the controller is subject; d. the processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person; e. the processing is necessary for the performance of a task that is in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority that has been assigned to the person responsible; f. Processing is necessary to safeguard the legitimate interests of the person responsible or a third party, unless the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject that require the protection of personal data outweigh them, in particular if the data subject is a child . Information about the collection of personal data (1) In the following we inform about the collection of personal data when using our website. Personal data are e.g. B. Name, address, email addresses, user behavior. (2) When you contact us by e-mail or via a contact form, the data you provide (your e-mail address, possibly your name and your telephone number) will be saved by us to answer your questions. We delete the data arising in this context after the storage is no longer required, or the processing is restricted if there are statutory retention requirements. Collection of personal data when visiting our website If you only use the website for information purposes, i.e. if you do not register or otherwise provide us with information, we will only collect the personal data that your browser transmits to our server. If you would like to view our website, we collect the following data, which is technically necessary for us to display our website to you and to ensure stability and security (legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 Clause 1 GDPR): - IP address - date and time of the request - time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) - content of the request (specific page) - access status / HTTP status code - amount of data transferred in each case - website from which the request comes - browser - operating system and its interface - language and version of the browser software. Use of cookies (1) In addition to the aforementioned data, cookies are stored on your computer when you use our website. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your hard drive and assigned to the browser you are using, and through which certain information flows to the location that sets the cookie. Cookies cannot run programs or transmit viruses to your computer. They serve to make the Internet offer more user-friendly and effective overall. (2) This website uses the following types of cookies, the scope and functionality of which are explained below: - Transient cookies (see a.) - Persistent cookies (see b.). a. Transient cookies are automatically deleted when you close the browser. These include session cookies in particular. These store a so-called session ID, with which various requests from your browser can be assigned to the joint session. This enables your computer to be recognized when you return to our website. The session cookies are deleted when you log out or close the browser. b. Persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may differ depending on the cookie. You can delete the cookies in the security settings of your browser at any time. c. You can configure your browser settings according to your wishes and e.g. B. refuse to accept third-party cookies or all cookies. So-called. "Third party cookies" are cookies that have been set by a third party, and consequently not by the actual website on which you are currently located. We would like to point out that by deactivating cookies you may not be able to use all functions of this website. Further functions and offers of our website (1) In addition to the purely informational use of our website, we offer various services that you can use if you are interested. To do this, you generally have to provide further personal data that we use to provide the respective service and to which the aforementioned data processing principles apply. (2) We sometimes use external service providers to process your data. These have been carefully selected and commissioned by us, are bound by our instructions and are regularly checked. (3) Furthermore, we can pass on your personal data to third parties if we offer campaign participation, competitions, contracts or similar services together with partners. You will receive more information on this when you provide your personal data or below in the description of the offer. (4) If our service providers or partners are based in a country outside the European Economic Area (EEA), we will inform you about the consequences of this in the description of the offer. Children Our offer is aimed primarily at adults. Persons under the age of 18 should not transmit personal data to us without the consent of their parents or legal guardians. Rights of the data subject (1) Withdrawal of consent If the processing of personal data is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You can contact us at any time to exercise your right of withdrawal. (2) Right to confirmation You have the right to ask the person responsible to confirm whether we are processing personal data relating to them. You can request confirmation at any time using the contact details above. (3) Right to information If personal data is processed, you can request information about this personal data and the following information at any time: a. the processing purposes b. the categories of personal data that are processed; c. the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data has been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organizations; d. if possible, the planned duration for which the personal data will be stored or, if this is not possible, the criteria for determining this duration; e. the existence of a right to correction or deletion of your personal data or restriction of processing by the controller or a right to object to this processing; f. the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority; g. if the personal data is not collected from the data subject, all available information about the origin of the data; h. the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, in accordance with Article 22 paragraphs 1 and 4 GDPR and - at least in these cases - meaningful information about the logic involved and the scope and intended effects of such processing for the data subject. If personal data is transferred to a third country or an international organization, you have the right to be informed about the appropriate guarantees in accordance with Article 46 GDPR in connection with the transfer. We provide a copy of the personal data that are the subject of the processing. For all other copies that you request from us, we can charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs. If you submit the application electronically, the information must be provided in a common electronic format, unless stated otherwise. The right to receive a copy in accordance with paragraph 3 must not impair the rights and freedoms of other people. (4) Right to correction You have the right to request that we immediately correct any incorrect personal data concerning you. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, you have the right to request the completion of incomplete personal data - also by means of a supplementary declaration. (5) Right to deletion ("Right to be forgotten") You have the right to request that the person responsible delete your personal data immediately, and we are obliged to delete personal data immediately if one of the following reasons applies: a. The personal data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.b. The data subject withdraws their consent on which the processing was based in accordance with Article 6 paragraph 1 letter a or Article 9 paragraph 2 letter a GDPR and there is no other legal basis for the processing. The data subject objects to the processing in accordance with Article 21 (1) GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing in accordance with Article 21 (2) GDPR. The personal data has been processed illegally.e. The deletion of personal data is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation under Union law or the law of the member states to which the controller is subject. The personal data was collected in relation to information society services offered in accordance with Article 8 (1) GDPR. If the person responsible has made the personal data public and is obliged to delete them in accordance with paragraph 1, he shall take appropriate measures, including technical measures, taking account of the available technology and the implementation costs, in order to ensure that those responsible for data processing who process the personal data to inform that a data subject has asked them to delete all links to this personal data or to copy or replicate this personal data. The right to erasure ("right to be forgotten") does not exist insofar as processing is necessary: ​​- to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information; - to fulfill a legal obligation that processing is governed by the law of the Union or the Member States to which the controller is subject, or to perform a task that is in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller; - for reasons of public interest in the area of ​​public health in accordance with Article 9 paragraph 2 letter h and i and Article 9 (3) GDPR; - for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes in accordance with Article 89 (1) GDPR, insofar as the right mentioned in paragraph 1 is likely to make the achievement of the objectives of this processing impossible or serious influenced or, to assert, exercise or defend legal claims. (6) Right to restriction of processing You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data if one of the following conditions is met: a. the correctness of the personal data is contested by the data subject for a period of time that enables the person responsible to check the correctness of the personal data, b. the processing is unlawful and the data subject refuses to delete the personal data and instead requests that the use of the personal data be restricted; c. the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of processing, but the data subject needs them to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, or the data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21 (1) GDPR, as long as it is not certain whether the legitimate reasons of the controller outweigh those of the data subject. If processing has been restricted in accordance with the above conditions, this personal data - apart from its storage - will only be obtained with the consent of the data subject or to assert, exercise or defend legal claims or to protect the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons an important public interest of the Union or a Member State. In order to assert the right to restriction of processing, the person concerned can contact us at any time using the contact details given above. (7) Right to data portability You have the right to receive the personal data relating to you that you have provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format, and you have the right to transfer this data to another controller without hindrance from the controller, to which the personal data has been provided, provided: a. the processing is based on consent pursuant to Article 6 paragraph 1 letter a or Article 9 paragraph 2 letter a or on a contract pursuant to Article 6 paragraph 1 letter b GDPR and b. the processing is carried out using automated processes. When exercising the right to data portability in accordance with paragraph 1, you have the right to have the personal data transferred directly from one controller to another, insofar as this is technically feasible. Exercising the right to data portability does not affect the right to erasure ("right to be forgotten"). This right does not apply to processing that is necessary for the performance of a task that is in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority that has been assigned to the person responsible. (8) Right to object You have the right to object at any time, for reasons that arise from your particular situation, to the processing of your personal data based on Article 6 (1) (e) or (f) GDPR; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. The person responsible no longer processes the personal data unless he can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that outweigh the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims. If personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling insofar as it is connected to such direct advertising. If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data will no longer be processed for these purposes. In connection with the use of information society services, regardless of Directive 2002/58 / EC, you can exercise your right to object using automated procedures that use technical specifications. You have the right to object, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to the processing of your personal data relating to you, which is carried out for scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes in accordance with Article 89 paragraph 1, unless the processing is necessary to fulfill a task in the public interest. You can exercise your right to object at any time by contacting the person responsible. (9) Automated decisions in individual cases including profiling You have the right not to be subjected to a decision based solely on automated processing - including profiling - which has legal effects for you or similarly significantly affects you. This does not apply if the decision: a. is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between the data subject and the person responsible, b. is permissible on the basis of legal provisions of the Union or of the Member States to which the controller is subject and these legal provisions contain appropriate measures to safeguard the rights, freedoms and legitimate interests of the data subject, or with the express consent of the data subject. The controller takes appropriate measures to safeguard the rights and freedoms as well as the legitimate interests of the data subject, including at least the right to have the person intervene, to express his / her own position and to contest the decision. The data subject can exercise this right at any time by contacting the person responsible. (10) Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authorityYou also have the right, without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement, if the person concerned considers that is that the processing of your personal data violates this regulation. (11) Right to effective judicial remedy You have the right to an effective judicial remedy, without prejudice to any administrative or extrajudicial remedy available, including the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in accordance with Article 77 GDPR if it believes that the rights to which you are entitled under this Regulation have been breached as a result of processing your personal data that is not in accordance with this Regulation. Use of Google Analytics (1) This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. If IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will be shortened beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The full IP address is only transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services related to website activity and internet usage. (2) The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. (3) You can prevent the storage of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by using the browser plug-in available under the following link. Download and install in: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. (4) This website uses Google Analytics with the extension "_anonymizeIp ()". As a result, IP addresses are processed in abbreviated form, so that they cannot be linked to a person. As far as the data collected about you is personal, this is immediately excluded and the personal data is deleted immediately. (5) We use Google Analytics to analyze and regularly improve the use of our website. We can use the statistics obtained to improve our offer and make it more interesting for you as a user. For the exceptional cases in which personal data are transferred to the USA, Google has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. The legal basis for the use of Google Analytics is Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR. (6) Third-party information: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001. User conditions: http://www.google.com/analytics/ terms / de.html, overview of data protection: http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.html, as well as the data protection declaration: http://www.google.de/intl/de/ policies / privacy. (7) This website also uses Google Analytics for a cross-device analysis of visitor flows, which is carried out via a user ID. You can deactivate the cross-device analysis of your usage in your customer account under "My data", "Personal data". Integration of Google Maps (1) We use the offer of Google Maps on this website. This enables us to show you interactive maps directly on the website and enables you to conveniently use the map function. (2) When you visit the website, Google receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. In addition, the data mentioned under § 3 of this declaration is transmitted. This takes place regardless of whether Google provides a user account that you are logged in to or whether there is no user account. If you are logged in to Google, your data will be assigned directly to your account. If you do not want your profile to be assigned to Google, you must log out before activating the button. Google stores your data as usage profiles and uses them for the purposes of advertising, market research and / or the needs-based design of its website. Such an evaluation is carried out in particular (even for users who are not logged in) to provide needs-based advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right to object to the creation of these user profiles, and you must contact Google to exercise them. (3) Further information on the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing by the plug-in provider can be found in the privacy policy of the provider. There you will also find further information about your rights and setting options to protect your privacy: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal data in the USA and has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. Online presences in social media We maintain online presences within social networks and platforms in order to communicate with the customers, interested parties and users active there and to be able to inform them about our services. We would like to point out that this involves data of users outside the European Union can be processed. This can result in risks for the user, because e.g. enforcing users' rights could be difficult. With regard to US providers who are certified under the Privacy Shield, we would like to point out that they undertake to comply with the EU data protection standards. Furthermore, user data is usually processed for market research and advertising purposes. For example, usage profiles are created from the usage behavior and the resulting interests of the users. The usage profiles can in turn be used to e.g. Place advertisements inside and outside of the platforms that presumably correspond to the interests of the users. For these purposes, cookies are usually stored on the users' computers in which the usage behavior and interests of the users are stored. Furthermore, data can be stored in the usage profiles regardless of the devices used by the users (especially if the users are members of the respective platforms and are logged in to them). The processing of the users' personal data is based on our legitimate interests in effective information the user and communication with the users acc. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR. If the users are asked by the respective providers for their consent to data processing (i.e. declare their consent e.g. by ticking a checkbox or confirming a button), the legal basis for processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a., Art. 7 GDPR. For a detailed description of the respective processing and the possibilities of objection (opt-out), we refer to the information linked below by the provider. Also in the case of requests for information and the assertion of user rights, we point out that these can be most effectively claimed from the providers. Only the providers have access to user data and can take appropriate measures and provide information directly. If you still need help, you can contact us - Facebook (Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbor, Dublin 2, Ireland) - Privacy Policy: https://www.facebook.com/about / privacy /, opt-out: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads and http://www.youronlinechoices.com, Privacy Shield: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id = a2zt0000000GnywAAC & status = Active.- Google / YouTube (Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) - Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy, Opt-Out: https: // adssettings. google.com/authenticated, Privacy Shield: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active.- Instagram (Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA) - privacy policy / Opt-Out: http://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/.- Twitter (Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA) - data protection declaration: https : //twitter.com/de/privacy, Opt-Out: https://twitter.com/personalization, Privacy Shield: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TORzAAO&status=Active.- Pinterest (Pinterest Inc., 635 High Street, Palo Alto, CA, 94301, USA) - Privacy Policy / Opt-Out: https://about.pinterest.com/de/privacy-policy.- LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Irland) - Datenschutzerklärung https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy , Opt-Out: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out, Privacy Shield : https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000L0UZAA0&status=Active.- Xing (XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Deutschland) - Datenschutzerklärung/ Opt-Out: https://privacy.xing. com/de/datenschutzerklaerung.- Wakalet (Wakelet Limited, 76 Quay Street, Manchester, M3 4PR, United Kingdom) - Datenschutzerklärung/ Opt-Out: https://wakelet.com/privacy.html. Erstellt mit Datenschutz-Generator.de von RA Dr Thomas Schwenke Öffnungszeiten MO - FR07:30 - 18:00 Uhr SA08:00 - 12:30 Uhr Günzburger Str. 78A 89264 Weißenhorn Granit Onlineshop » Aktuelles 03.05.2020 Mit Flip-Flops Auto fahren – darf ich das? Driving a car with flip-flops - can I? With rising temperatures, many drivers ask themselves whether driving with sandals, flip-fl ... Read more »26.04.2020 Touching someone else's car - what should I do now and what not? Touching someone else's car - what should I do now and what not? If you touch a parked car and there is no trace of vehicle age far and wide, ... Read more »26.04.2020 Mouthguards while driving - what should I watch out for? Mouthguards when driving - what should I watch out for? From April 27th, a mask requirement applies in all German federal states - mainly in G ... Read more »20.04.2020 Path with the yellow layer - how to remove pollen from the car Path with the yellow layer - how to remove pollen from the car Birken , Beech, ash, willow - high season for bee pollen: what the allergy sufferers are currently ... Read more »12.04.2020 HU soon - are the test centers open? HU due soon - have the test bases opened? The main inspection will soon be up for millions of motorists again - usually like this ... Read more »Agricultural serviceWe offer you an extensive range of all spare parts and accessories for agricultural machinery, garden equipment and construction machinery. Trailer serviceEverything for your trailer: from the axle to brakes, drawbars, supports and support wheels to wheel chocks and ball coupling. With us you will find everything to make your trailer fit again. Battery service The car battery is heavily used in every season. In winter, the freezing temperatures are particularly stressful for the battery. With its hot temperatures, summer often causes the battery to lose fluid. Before you ... Brake serviceAn optimally functioning brake is important for driving safety! The brake system consists of many different components such as brake pads, discs, hoses or fluid. These must be in perfect condition .... Commercial vehicle service We can supply you with commercial vehicle spare parts in original equipment quality. We supply you with tailor-made, high-quality commercial vehicle spare parts at affordable prices. Wheels and tiresWe offer a wide range of summer and winter tires at fair prices. Our specialist staff will be happy to advise you! Services »To home page 07309 5511 info@autoteile-schwer.de To directions © 2020 autoPRO Autoteile Schwer | Günzburger Str.78A | 89264 Weissenhorn | Tel. 07309 5511 Skip navigation • Imprint • Data protection • Contact This website uses cookies to make all functions fully usable and to analyze the access to our website. For more information, please see our privacy policy. Agree