Services - autoPRO - Auto Parts Heavy Skip navigation SERVICES OFFERS autoPRO LATEST ARRIVAL Imprint Agricultural Service We offer you an extensive range of all spare parts and accessories for agricultural machinery, garden equipment and construction machinery. Trailer service Everything for your trailer: from the axle to brakes, drawbars, supports and support wheels to wheel chocks and ball coupling. With us you will find everything to make your trailer fit again. Battery service The car battery is heavily used in every season. In winter, the freezing temperatures are particularly stressful for the battery. With its hot temperatures, summer often causes the battery to lose fluid. Before you stay lying on the road because of a weak battery or cannot start the vehicle on cold winter days, you should replace the battery in good time. We have a large selection of different types for every vehicle. Brake service An optimally functioning brake is important for driving safety! The brake system consists of many different components such as brake pads, discs, hoses or fluid. These must be in perfect condition. We only provide original spare parts from well-known brand manufacturers to ensure your safety. Commercial vehicle service We offer commercial vehicle spare parts in original equipment quality. We supply you with tailor-made, high-quality commercial vehicle spare parts at affordable prices. Wheels and tires We offer a large selection of summer and winter tires at fair prices. Our specialist staff will be happy to advise you! Tuning Do you like it sporty? We offer you an extensive range of sporty accessories such as steering wheels, sports exhaust systems, sports suspensions, lowering, lights in attractive colors and much more.Our team will be happy to advise you about the options for your vehicle! Tools We offer a huge selection of special automotive tools! Everything you need as a professional or hobbyist around the car and the workshop, you can find cheap and fair prices in our specialist shop. Opening times MO - FR07: 30 a.m. - 6 p.m. SA08: 00 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Günzburger Str. 78A 89264 Weißenhorn Granit Online Shop »News 03.05.2020 Driving a car with flip-flops - can I do that? Driving a car with flip-flops - can I? With rising temperatures, many drivers ask themselves whether driving with sandals, flip-fl ... Read more »26.04.2020 Touching someone else's car - what should I do now and what not? Touching someone else's car - what should I do now and what not? If you touch a parked car and there is no trace of vehicle age far and wide, ... Read more »26.04.2020 Mouthguards while driving - what should I watch out for? Mouthguards when driving - what should I watch out for? From April 27th, a mask requirement applies in all German federal states - mainly in G ... Read more »20.04.2020 Path with the yellow layer - how to remove pollen from the car Path with the yellow layer - how to remove pollen from the car Birken , Beech, ash, willow - high season for bee pollen: what the allergy sufferers are currently ... Read more »12.04.2020 HU soon - are the test centers open? HU due soon - have the test bases opened? The main inspection will soon be up for millions of motorists again - usually like this ... Read more »Agricultural serviceWe offer you an extensive range of all spare parts and accessories for agricultural machinery, garden equipment and construction machinery. Trailer serviceEverything for your trailer: from the axle to brakes, drawbars, supports and support wheels to wheel chocks and ball coupling. With us you will find everything to make your trailer fit again. Battery service The car battery is heavily used in every season. In winter, the freezing temperatures are particularly stressful for the battery. With its hot temperatures, summer often causes the battery to lose fluid. Before you ... Brake serviceAn optimally functioning brake is important for driving safety! The brake system consists of many different components such as brake pads, discs, hoses or fluid. These must be in perfect condition .... Commercial vehicle service We can supply you with commercial vehicle spare parts in original equipment quality. We supply you with tailor-made, high-quality commercial vehicle spare parts at affordable prices. Wheels and tiresWe offer a wide range of summer and winter tires at fair prices. Our specialist staff will be happy to advise you! Services »To home page 07309 5511 info@autoteile-schwer.de To directions © 2020 autoPRO Autoteile Schwer | Günzburger Str.78A | 89264 Weissenhorn | Tel. 07309 5511 Skip navigation • Imprint • Data protection • Contact This website uses cookies to make all functions fully usable and to analyze the access to our website. For more information, please see our privacy policy. Agree