News - autoPRO - Auto Parts Heavy Skip navigation SERVICES OFFERS autoPRO NEWS ARRIVAL Imprint News Driving a car with flip-flops - can I do that? 03.05.2020 Driving a car with flip-flops - can I do that? With rising temperatures, many drivers ask whether driving with sandals, flip-flops or even barefoot is permitted. The legal situation here is not very clear ... Read more »Foreign car touched - what should I do now and what not? 04/26/2020 Touching someone else's car - what should I do now and what not? If you touch a parked car and there is no trace of the vehicle age far and wide, it is important to act correctly so as not to fulfill the criminal offense of driving away. Today we explain how to behave correctly in such a situation. Read more »Mouthguards when driving - what should I watch out for? 04/26/2020 Mouthguards while driving - what should I watch out for? From April 27, a mask requirement applies in all German federal states - mainly in shops and public transport. But what does that mean for drivers? Can you wear a mask or can this even have legal consequences? Read more »Away with the yellow layer - how to remove pollen from the car 04/20/2020 Away with the yellow layer - how to remove pollen from the car Birch, beech, ash, willow - high season for bee pollen: What allergy sufferers are currently having trouble with , also employs the car owners. The car is completely covered in a yellow film of dust. It's annoying, but is it harmful? Read more »HU due soon - are the test bases open? April 12, 2020 HU due soon - are the test bases open? The main inspection will soon be back for millions of drivers - this should normally not be a headache. But in the current crisis situation, many citizens are unsettled. In this article, we explain that there is no reason to do so with regard to the HU. Read more »Traffic-calmed area: Which right of way rules apply in a“ play street ”? 04/12/2020 Traffic-calmed area: Which right of way rules apply in a “play street”? A traffic-calmed area is also popularly called "Spielstrasse" - this term is quite apt, because in a traffic-calmed area, children can also romp and play on the street. Not least because of this, there are special regulations for drivers, which also concern the right of way rules. Read more »Protect the accident site - but how does that work? 04/12/2020 Securing the accident site - but how does that work? After a traffic accident, those involved must ensure the location of the incident as quickly as possible and warn the following traffic so that a further accident does not happen. This is how the law provides. But how does that work properly? Read more »Accelerate or brake - what to do at a yellow traffic light? 04/07/2020 Accelerate or brake - what to do at yellow traffic lights? It is one of the most difficult decisions a driver makes: "Should I step on the gas or brake hard?" If the traffic light turns yellow shortly before crossing, this becomes a dangerous situation for many drivers. There are clear rules here that you should definitely know. Read more »Emergency brake assistants - so important are the helpers for transporters 07.04.2020 Emergency brake assistants - so important are the helpers for transporters One in five accidents caused by the driver of a van in 2018 is due to insufficient distance. Over half of the transporter accidents with an autonomous emergency braking system (AEBS) or lane keeping assistant could be avoided or at least limited in their impact. Read more »Spring fog - this is how motorists behave correctly 31.03.2020 Spring fog - that is how motorists behave properly Sometimes the" soup "is really thick - in spring morning and evening there is always considerable traffic congestion due to fog. Suddenly a “gray wall” opens up, which extremely restricts the view. Then you need to act prudently at the wheel: instead of stopping abruptly, slow down and really switch on the low beam. Read more »Page 1 of 164 1 2 3 4 5 6 7» End »Opening times Mon - Fri07: 30 a.m. - 6 p.m. SA08: 00 a.m. - 12.30 p.m. Günzburger Str. 78A 89264 Weißenhorn Granit Online Shop» News 03.05.2020 Wed Driving flip-flops - can I do that? Driving a car with flip-flops - can I? With rising temperatures, many drivers ask themselves whether driving with sandals, flip-fl ... Read more »26.04.2020 Touching someone else's car - what should I do now and what not? Touching someone else's car - what should I do now and what not? If you touch a parked car and there is no trace of vehicle age far and wide, ... Read more »26.04.2020 Mouthguards while driving - what should I watch out for? Mouthguards when driving - what should I watch out for? From April 27th, a mask requirement applies in all German federal states - mainly in G ... Read more »20.04.2020 Path with the yellow layer - how to remove pollen from the car Path with the yellow layer - how to remove pollen from the car Birken , Beech, ash, willow - high season for bee pollen: what the allergy sufferers are currently ... Read more »12.04.2020 HU soon - are the test centers open? HU due soon - have the test bases opened? The main inspection will soon be up for millions of motorists again - usually like this ... Read more »Agricultural serviceWe offer you an extensive range of all spare parts and accessories for agricultural machinery, garden equipment and construction machinery. Trailer serviceEverything for your trailer: from the axle to brakes, drawbars, supports and support wheels to wheel chocks and ball coupling. With us you will find everything to make your trailer fit again. Battery service The car battery is heavily used in every season. In winter, the freezing temperatures are particularly stressful for the battery. With its hot temperatures, summer often causes the battery to lose fluid. Before you ... Brake serviceAn optimally functioning brake is important for driving safety! The brake system consists of many different components such as brake pads, discs, hoses or fluid. These must be in perfect condition .... Commercial vehicle service We can supply you with commercial vehicle spare parts in original equipment quality. We supply you with tailor-made, high-quality commercial vehicle spare parts at affordable prices. Wheels and tiresWe offer a wide range of summer and winter tires at fair prices. Our specialist staff will be happy to advise you! Services »To home page 07309 5511 info@autoteile-schwer.de To directions © 2020 autoPRO Autoteile Schwer | Günzburger Str.78A | 89264 Weissenhorn | Tel. 07309 5511 Skip navigation • Imprint • Data protection • Contact This website uses cookies to make all functions fully usable and to analyze the access to our website. For more information, please see our privacy policy. Agree