Directions - autoPRO - Autoteile Schwer Skip navigation SERVICES OFFERS autoPRO NEWS ARRIVAL Imprint Directions Autoteile Schwer Günzburger Str. 78A 89264 Weißenhorn Calculate route »Opening times MO - FR07: 30 a.m. - 6 p.m. SA08: 00 a.m. - 12.30 p.m. Günzburger Str. 78A 89264 Weißenhorn Granit Onlineshop »News 03.05.2020 Driving a car with flip-flops - may I? Driving a car with flip-flops - can I? With rising temperatures, many drivers ask themselves whether driving with sandals, flip-fl ... Read more »26.04.2020 Touching someone else's car - what should I do now and what not? Touching someone else's car - what should I do now and what not? If you touch a parked car and there is no trace of vehicle age far and wide, ... Read more »26.04.2020 Mouthguards while driving - what should I watch out for? Mouthguards when driving - what should I watch out for? From April 27th, a mask requirement applies in all German federal states - mainly in G ... Read more »20.04.2020 Path with the yellow layer - how to remove pollen from the car Path with the yellow layer - how to remove pollen from the car Birken , Beech, ash, willow - high season for bee pollen: what the allergy sufferers are currently ... Read more »12.04.2020 HU soon - are the test centers open? HU due soon - have the test bases opened? The main inspection will soon be up for millions of motorists again - usually like this ... Read more »Agricultural serviceWe offer you an extensive range of all spare parts and accessories for agricultural machinery, garden equipment and construction machinery. Trailer serviceEverything for your trailer: from the axle to brakes, drawbars, supports and support wheels to wheel chocks and ball coupling. With us you will find everything to make your trailer fit again. Battery service The car battery is heavily used in every season. In winter, the freezing temperatures are particularly stressful for the battery. With its hot temperatures, summer often causes the battery to lose fluid. Before you ... Brake serviceAn optimally functioning brake is important for driving safety! The brake system consists of many different components such as brake pads, discs, hoses or fluid. These must be in perfect condition .... Commercial vehicle service We can supply you with commercial vehicle spare parts in original equipment quality. We supply you with tailor-made, high-quality commercial vehicle spare parts at affordable prices. Wheels and tiresWe offer a wide range of summer and winter tires at fair prices. Our specialist staff will be happy to advise you! Services »To home page 07309 5511 info@autoteile-schwer.de To directions © 2020 autoPRO Autoteile Schwer | Günzburger Str.78A | 89264 Weissenhorn | Tel. 07309 5511 Skip navigation • Imprint • Data protection • Contact This website uses cookies to make all functions fully usable and to analyze the access to our website. For more information, please see our privacy policy. Agree