Accessories splitting and cutting tool in Garding (North Frisia) at Schacht und Sohn GmbH Service number 04862/792 Service times April - September Mon: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Tue: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Wed: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. : 00 a.m. Thu: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Fri: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa: 8 a.m. - 12 p.m. October - March Mon: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Tue: 8 a.m. 00 a.m. - 5 p.m. Wed: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Thu: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Fri: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sat: 9 a.m. - 12 p.m. At Schacht and Sohn To be able to use GmbH in full, we recommend activating Javascript in your browser. Schacht und Sohn GmbH A specialist dealer of Greenbase Data protection Imprint Service / Help Battery regulation Defective product Packaging regulation Waste oil disposal Contact Data protection Imprint Menu Search Search HomeCompanyGardenForestGrillingWagon careRental parkUsed special equipment / offersMobility To category Company News Employee Courses Links To category Garden Mowing Technology and Care Lawnmower Mower Lawn Mower Trimmers and Trimmers Lawn Mowers Trimmer Cutters Hedge trimmers Multifunctional devices Cutting tools Soil cultivation technology Tillers Drilling equipment / cut-off grinder Single-axle / weed-removing hand tools Motor hoes Plant protection devices Hand spraying Backpack sprayers Blower spraying Train and cart spraying Irrigation and drainage pumps Plot maintenance and cleaning Garden shredders Leaf vacuum cleaners / blowers Cleaning technology Winter services Electricity generation and transporting goods Electric vehicle Transport equipment d Accessories supplies Accessories General accessories Lawn mower accessories Mowing robot accessories Mower mower accessories Lawn tractors accessories Brush cutter accessories Spreader accessories Scarifier accessories Hedge trimmer accessories Cutting tool accessories Soil cultivation equipment Accessories plant protection equipment Accessories portable leaf blowers / blowers Accessories mobile leaf vacuum cleaners / blowers Accessories cleaning technology accessories Winter maintenance accessories Power generation To category Forestry tree felling chainsaws Pruners Forest brush cutters Sharpening / filing and end riveting tools Splitting and cutting tools Wood processing Log splitter Firewood transport / storage Conveying technology / belts Pliers and hooks Clothing Protective / leisure clothing Operating materials and accessories Accessories chainsaws accessories Pruner accessories Protection / leisure clothing accessories Splitting and cutting tools To category Barbecue Gas grills Charcoal grills Accessories grills To category Car care Our washing pro grams of the portal washing machine: Prg. 1 Premium maintenance: high-pressure washing with underbody cleaning ... learn more To category Rental park To category Used equipment To category Promotional devices / offers To category Mobility Forst Operating materials and accessories Accessories Splitting and cutting tools Close menu Categories Company Garden Forest Tree felling work Wood processing Firewood transport / storage Clothing Operating materials and accessories Accessories Chainsaws Accessories Pruners Accessories Protective / Leisure Wear Accessories Splitting and Cutting Tools Grilling Car Care Rental Park Used Promotional Devices / Offers Mobility Information Battery Ordinance Defective Product Packaging Ordinance Waste Oil Disposal Contact Data Protection Imprint Topseller Stihl Rotary Splitting Wedge made of Aluminum € 43.90 Stihl Felling and ... € 11. 80 Stihl felling and splitting wedges from ... € 15.01 Stihl felling and splitting wedge from ... € 40.31 Stihl felling and splitting wedges from ... € 27.80 Stihl Felling and splitting wedge from ... € 32.8 0 Stihl Felling jack large € 92.80 Filter Sort: Release date Popularity Lowest price Highest price Item name Position Filter close Show products Manufacturer Stihl Price from 8.29 to 92.8 Show products Products per page: 12 24 36 48 No results were found for filtering! Stihl felling wedge made of aluminum Small and practical (12 x 4 cm) with barbs for optimal hold in the wood. Weight 190 g. € 8.29 Compare Remember Stihl Steel Wedge. Complete with insert wood and ring. Weight 1,900 g. € 47.36 Compare Remember Stihl felling and splitting wedge made of ... Made of high quality aluminum alloy. With a narrow cutting edge for good penetration into the wood. Three versions for small, medium and large log diameters. All versions with retention scales, with guide ridges and a smooth ... € 27.80 Compare Remember Stihl felling and splitting wedge made of ... Made of high quality aluminum alloy. With a narrow cutting edge for good penetration into the wood. Three versions for small, medium and large log diameters. All versions with retention scales, with a guide ridge and a smooth ... € 32.80 Compare Remember Stihl felling jack large For tipping the tree over the break bar in the intended direction. With turning hook for turning tree trunks. Made of special steel alloy. Weight approx.3,400 g, 130 cm long. Certified by the Forest Technology Examination Board. € 92.80 Compare Remember Stihl Falling jack, small For tipping the tree over the break bar in the intended direction. With turning hook for turning tree trunks. Made of special steel alloy. Weight approx.1,800 g, 80 cm long. Certified by the Forest Technology Examination Board. € 60.50 Compare Remember Stihl Felling and ... Made of impact-resistant polyamide with a surface structure that is secure on both sides. Length 19 cm for medium wood. Length 23 cm for medium and thick wood. Length 25 cm with enlarged wedge angle. Certified by the forestry technician ... € 15.01 Compare Remember Stihl Felling and ... Made of impact-resistant polyamide with a surface structure that is secure on both sides. Length 19 cm for medium wood. Length 23 cm for medium and thick wood. Length 25 cm with enlarged wedge angle. Certified by the forestry technician ... € 18.90 Compare Remember Stihl felling and splitting wedge made of ... Made of high quality aluminum alloy. With a narrow cutting edge for good penetration into the wood. Three versions for small, medium and large log diameters. All versions with retention scales, with a guide ridge and a smooth ... € 40.31 Compare Remember Stihl rotary splitting wedge made of aluminum. Forged aluminum for enormous stability with low weight. Guide ridge and retaining claws for optimal guidance and maximum hold, even in frozen wood. Round face for ... € 43.90 Compare Remember Stihl Felling and ... Made of impact-resistant polyamide with a surface structure that is secure on both sides. Length 19 cm for medium wood. Length 23 cm for medium and thick wood. Length 25 cm with enlarged wedge angle. Certified by the forestry technician ... € 11.80 Compare Remember Items per page: 12 24 36 48 Last viewed Company Schacht Consulting and service have top priority for us. We offer sales, repairs and a spare parts service in the garden, forest communal and trailer area in Garding. The delivery area and our repair pick-up service from our workshop include the Eiderstedt peninsula (including Garding, St.Peter-Ording, Tönning and surrounding areas) as well as Norderdithmarschen, North Sea Treene area to Husum. As a specialist dealer, we recommend advice and sales on site. It is also possible to send selected devices within Germany. Greenbase Schacht Your specialist for Sabo and Alko robotic lawnmowers, John Deere tractors and Humbaur trailers. Service About us Assembly service Our services Contact Ordering & shipping We deliver to Germany! Order info & shipping costs Payment options Invoice Prepayment Cash payment Contact Schacht und Sohn GmbH Tatinger Straße 31 25836 Garding (Nordfriesland) Tel .: 04862/792 Fax: 04862/8543 Email: schacht-gartentechnik Opening times April - September Mon: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Tue: 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Wed: 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Thu: 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Fri: 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sat: 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. October - March Mon: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Tue: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Wed: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Thu: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Fri: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. : 00:00 Sa: 09:00 - 12:00 o'clock battery regulation defective product packaging regulation waste oil disposal contact data protection imprint Schacht und Sohn GmbH a partner of Greenbase This website uses cookies which are necessary for the technical operation of the website and are always set. Other cookies that increase the convenience of using this website, are used for direct advertising or are intended to simplify interaction with other websites and social networks are only set with your consent. More Information Decline Agree