Tilling in Garding (North Friesland) at Schacht und Sohn GmbH Service number 04862/792 Service times April - September Mon: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Tue: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Wed: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Thu : 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Fri: 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sa: 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. October to March Mon: 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tue: 8 a.m. to 5 p.m .: 00:00 Wed: 08:00 a.m. - 05:00 p.m. Thu: 08:00 a.m. - 05:00 p.m. Fri: 08:00 a.m. - 05:00 p.m. Sat: 09:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. At Schacht und Sohn GmbH in full To be able to use it, we recommend activating Javascript in your browser. Schacht und Sohn GmbH A specialist dealer of Greenbase Data protection Imprint Service / Help Battery regulation Defective product Packaging regulation Waste oil disposal Contact Data protection Imprint Menu Search Search HomeCompanyGardenForestGrillingWagon careRental parkUsed special equipment / offersMobility To category Company News Employee Courses Links To category Garden Mowing Technology and Care Lawnmower Mower Lawn Mower Trimmers and Trimmers Lawn Mowers Trimmer Cutters Hedge trimmers Multifunctional devices Cutting tools Soil cultivation technology Tillers Drilling equipment / cut-off grinder Single-axle / weed-removing hand tools Motor hoes Plant protection devices Hand spraying Backpack sprayers Blower spraying Train and cart spraying Irrigation and drainage pumps Plot maintenance and cleaning Garden shredders Leaf vacuum cleaners / blowers Cleaning technology Winter services Electricity generation and transporting goods Electric vehicle Transport equipment d Accessories supplies Accessories General accessories Lawn mower accessories Mowing robot accessories Mower mower accessories Lawn tractors accessories Brush cutter accessories Spreader accessories Scarifier accessories Hedge trimmer accessories Cutting tool accessories Soil cultivation equipment Accessories plant protection equipment Accessories portable leaf blowers / blowers Accessories mobile leaf vacuum cleaners / blowers Accessories cleaning technology accessories Winter maintenance accessories Power generation To category Forestry tree felling chainsaws Pruners Forest brush cutters Sharpening / filing and end riveting tools Splitting and cutting tools Wood processing Log splitter Firewood transport / storage Conveying technology / belts Pliers and hooks Clothing Protective / leisure clothing Operating materials and accessories Accessories chainsaws accessories Pruner accessories Protection / leisure clothing accessories Splitting and cutting tools To category Barbecue Gas grills Charcoal grills Accessories grills To category Car care Our washing pro grams of the portal washing machine: Prg. 1 Premium care: high pressure washing with underbody cleaning ... read more To category Rental park To category Used To category Promotional devices / offers To category Mobility Garden Soil cultivation technology Soil milling Close menu Categories Company Garden Mowing technology and care Hedge trimming and maintenance Soil cultivation technology Soil milling Drills / cut-off machines Single-axle / weed-removing hand tools Motor hoes Plant protection equipment Irrigation and drainage Land maintenance and cleaning Electricity generation Transport Operating materials and accessories Forest Barbecue Car maintenance Rental park Used promotional devices / offers Mobility information Battery regulation Defective product Packaging regulation Waste oil disposal Contact Data protection Imprint Topseller RMV aerator WB 516 AH € 3,499.00 Hercules tiller SF 600 D € 3,490.00 Hercules Bodenfräse SF 600 € 3,190.00 Filter Sort: Release Date Popularity Lowest Price Highest Price Artike Oil name Position Close filter Show products Manufacturer Herkules RMV Price from 3190 to 3499 Working width 50 cm 51 cm Motor power 3.6 kW / 4.9 HP Show products Products per page: 12 24 36 48 No results were found for the filtering! Herkules SF 600 tiller With the special milling cutters and the option of running the tool forwards or backwards, the milling result of the Herkules SF 600 is far better than with conventional systems. € 3,190.00 Compare Remember Herkules tiller SF 600 D The specialty of the Herkules tiller SF 600 D is its milling tool. The special construction allows the milling knives to work in opposite directions. The vibrations during milling are thus significantly reduced and a particularly ... € 3,490.00 Compare Remember RMV aerator WB 516 AH Deposits of organic material form a water-impermeable layer on the lawn. The rainwater does not reach most of the grass roots and can therefore hardly the minerals necessary for a healthy lawn ... € 3,499.00 Compare Remember Items per page: 12 24 36 48 Last viewed Company Schacht Advice and service have top priority for us. We offer sales, repairs and a spare parts service in the garden, forest communal and trailer area in Garding. The delivery area and our repair pick-up service from our workshop include the Eiderstedt peninsula (including Garding, St.Peter-Ording, Tönning and surrounding areas) as well as Norderdithmarschen, North Sea Treene area to Husum. As a specialist dealer, we recommend advice and sales on site. It is also possible to send selected devices within Germany. Greenbase Schacht Your specialist for Sabo and Alko robotic lawnmowers, John Deere tractors and Humbaur trailers. Service About us Assembly service Our services Contact Ordering & shipping We deliver to Germany! Order info & shipping costs Payment options Invoice Prepayment Cash payment Contact Schacht und Sohn GmbH Tatinger Straße 31 25836 Garding (Nordfriesland) Tel .: 04862/792 Fax: 04862/8543 Email: schacht-gartentechnik Opening times April - September Mon: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Tue: 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Wed: 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Thu: 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Fri: 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sat: 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. October - March Mon: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Tue: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Wed: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Thu: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Fri: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. : 00:00 Sa: 09:00 - 12:00 o'clock battery regulation defective product packaging regulation waste oil disposal contact data protection imprint Schacht und Sohn GmbH a partner of Greenbase This website uses cookies which are necessary for the technical operation of the website and are always set. Other cookies that increase the convenience of using this website, are used for direct advertising or are intended to simplify interaction with other websites and social networks are only set with your consent. More Information Decline Agree