Accessories lawn tractors in Garding (North Frisia) at Schacht und Sohn GmbH Service number 04862/792 Service times April - September Mon: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Tue: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Wed: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Thu: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Fri: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa: 8 a.m. - 12 p.m. October - March Mon: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Tue: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. : 00 a.m. Wed: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Thu: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Fri: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sa: 9 a.m. - 12 p.m. At Schacht und Sohn GmbH in full To be able to use the scope, we recommend activating Javascript in your browser. Schacht und Sohn GmbH A specialist dealer of Greenbase Data protection Imprint Service / Help Battery regulation Defective product Packaging regulation Waste oil disposal Contact Data protection Imprint Menu Search Search HomeCompanyGardenForestGrillingWagon careRental parkUsed special equipment / offersMobility To category Company News Employee Courses Links To category Garden Mowing Technology and Care Lawnmower Mower Lawn Mower Trimmers and Trimmers Lawn Mowers Trimmer Cutters Hedge trimmers Multifunctional devices Cutting tools Soil cultivation technology Tillers Drilling equipment / cut-off grinder Single-axle / weed-removing hand tools Motor hoes Plant protection devices Hand spraying Backpack sprayers Blower spraying Train and cart spraying Irrigation and drainage pumps Plot maintenance and cleaning Garden shredders Leaf vacuum cleaners / blowers Cleaning technology Winter services Electricity generation and transporting goods Electric vehicle Transport equipment d Accessories supplies Accessories General accessories Lawn mower accessories Mowing robot accessories Mower mower accessories Lawn tractors accessories Brush cutter accessories Spreader accessories Scarifier accessories Hedge trimmer accessories Cutting tool accessories Soil cultivation equipment Accessories plant protection equipment Accessories portable leaf blowers / blowers Accessories mobile leaf vacuum cleaners / blowers Accessories cleaning technology accessories Winter maintenance accessories Power generation To category Forestry tree felling chainsaws Pruners Forest brush cutters Sharpening / filing and end riveting tools Splitting and cutting tools Wood processing Log splitter Firewood transport / storage Conveying technology / belts Pliers and hooks Clothing Protective / leisure clothing Operating materials and accessories Accessories chainsaws accessories Pruner accessories Protection / leisure clothing accessories Splitting and cutting tools To category Barbecue Gas grills Charcoal grills Accessories grills To category Car care Our washing pro grams of the portal washing machine: Prg. Premium care: high-pressure washing with underbody cleaning ... learn more To category Rental park To category Used equipment To category Promotional devices / offers To category Mobility Garden supplies and accessories Accessories lawn tractors Close menu Categories Company Garden Mowing technology and maintenance Hedge trimming and maintenance Soil cultivation technology Plant protection equipment Irrigation and drainage Real estate maintenance and Cleaning Power generation Transport Operating supplies and accessories Operating supplies general accessories Lawn mower accessories robotic lawnmowers Meadow mower accessories lawn tractors accessories brush cutters accessories spreader accessories scarifiers accessories hedge trimmers accessories cutting tools accessories tillage technology accessories plant protection equipment accessories portable leaf blowers / blowers accessories mobile leaf blowers / blowers accessories cleaning technology accessories winter service accessories power generation forest Grilling trolley maintenance Rental park Used special equipment te / Offers Mobility Information Battery Ordinance Defective Product Packaging Ordinance Waste Oil Disposal Contact Data Protection Imprint Topseller Stiga Combi Cart Trailer € 439.00 Stiga Pro Cart Trailer € 579.00 Stiga Grass & Leaf Sweeper 42 "... € 459.00 Stiga Mulch Wedge € 99.00 Stiga plastic roller € 299.00 Stiga fertilizer spreader € 229.00 Stiga mulch wedge € 99.00 Stiga mulch kit € 139.00 Filter Sort: Release date Popularity Lowest price Highest price Item name Position Close filter Show products Manufacturer AS-Motor Cramer Echo Etesia Hercules solo by AL -KO Stiga Tielbürger Toro Trolla Denmark Price from 23 to 6497.4 Size 109 x 100 x 60 mm Show products 1 of 31 articles per page: 12 24 36 48 No results were found for the filtering! Stiga Combi Cart trailer The loading body can be tilted easily and consists of a stable plastic. The Combi Cart can also be used as a wheelbarrow. The drawbar is easy to disassemble. this option saves space in a small space. € 439.00 Compare Remember Stiga Pro Cart Trailer Stable professional trailer made of galvanized sheet steel. With removable flap at the back and good loading angle. The loading volume is 240 L. € 579.00 Compare Remember Stiga deflector The deflector serves as stone chip protection. if you use the lawn tractor for rear discharge without collecting and the grass is placed on the lawn behind the mower. € 129.00 Compare Remember Stiga snow plow 120 cm 92/102 ... Use your lawn tractor even in winter. The snow plow is operated from the driver's seat. With a rubber strip. Skids and overload protection. if you e.g. meets an edge. Recommend as a perfect combination ... € 649.00 Compare Remember Stiga Mulchkit Mulchkit € 139.00 Compare Remember Stiga Tarpaulin Tarpaulin Tarpaulin € 44.90 Compare Remember Stiga Plastic roller The Stiga pull and slide roller made of a very light plastic. can be filled with water (up to a maximum weight of 114 kg) and levels out uneven ground and rolls the grass. Diameter: 45 cm Working width: 60 cm € 299.00 Compare Remember Stiga fertilizer spreader Fertilizer distributor made of stable polymer plastic with a capacity of 30 liters and a spreading area of ​​2.50 m - 3.0 m. Ideal for fertilizing large areas evenly. Can be combined with many ride-on mowers. € 229.00 Compare Remember Stiga towing eye For all rear attachments. to be attached to the lawn tractor. € 44.90 Compare Remember Stiga snow blower 2-stage Park Pro With this new snow blower, all controls are hydraulic. The screw conveyor collects the snow and blows it there via a blower housing. where you want to put it - with a distance of up to 12 meters from the ... € 2,699.00 Compare Remember Stiga snow chains Snow chains for 18 "wheels with crossed spike chain links. They provide better traction even on icy ground. Ideal in combination with a snow plow. € 199.00 Compare Remember Stiga sweeping brush 105 cm (PTO kit ... Use your lawn tractor as a sweeper too. For all estate models with 92/102/122 cm cutting width. no pro models The PTO kit is required. € 1,699.00 Compare Remember 1 of 31 items per page: 12 24 36 48 Last viewed Company Schacht Consulting and service have top priority for us, we offer sales, repairs and a spare parts service in the garden, forest communal and trailer area The delivery area and our repair pick-up service from our workshop include the Eiderstedt peninsula (including Garding, St.Peter-Ording, Tönning and surrounding areas) as well as Norderdithmarschen, North Sea Treene area to Husum. As a specialist dealer, we recommend advice and sales on site. It is also possible to send selected devices within Germany. Greenbase Schacht Your specialist for Sabo and Alko robotic lawnmowers, John Deere tractors and Humbaur trailers. Service About us Assembly service Our services Contact Ordering & shipping We deliver to Germany! Order info & shipping costs Payment options Invoice Prepayment Cash payment Contact Schacht und Sohn GmbH Tatinger Straße 31 25836 Garding (Nordfriesland) Tel .: 04862/792 Fax: 04862/8543 Email: schacht-gartentechnik Opening times April - September Mon: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Tue: 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Wed: 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Thu: 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Fri: 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sat: 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. October - March Mon: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Tue: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Wed: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Thu: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Fri: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. : 00:00 Sa: 09:00 - 12:00 o'clock battery regulation defective product packaging regulation waste oil disposal contact data protection imprint Schacht und Sohn GmbH a partner of Greenbase This website uses cookies which are necessary for the technical operation of the website and are always set. Other cookies that increase the convenience of using this website, are used for direct advertising or are intended to simplify interaction with other websites and social networks are only set with your consent. More Information Decline Agree