Data protection | KIA Motors Iberia Go to content open menu Change the language: Models All Urban Family Vehicles Crossover Sports Hybrid / Electric Explore Picanto range From € 8,600 Rio From € 10,300 Stonic From € 12,850 Ceed Tourer From € 11,800 Ceed GT From 24,900 € ProCeed From € 22,449 XCeed From € 16,449 Kia Niro From € 19,900 Kia Niro PHEV From € 25,800 New e-Soul From € 36,675 Sportage From € 18,200 Simanto € 29,000 Optima PHEV From € 34,800 Stinger From € 35,600 I want a Kia Promoter Comparator Configurator Why Kia Contact Commercial offer Kia Okasion Kia Okasion Program Kia Companies Search Companies Contact Companies Catalog Service COVID-19 | Kia Promise Recommendations Prevention Covid-19 Kia Service Caring for your Kia Promotions Mobility Benefits Contact the official service MiKia Request Request Workshop 7 years warranty Original Accessories Kia All about Kia About us Press News Experiences Kia Kia in social networks Kia Academy Settings of Privacy Contact Form Commercial offer Try a Kia MiKia Dealer Catalogs "Search" "Search" Country Selector Austria Belgium (French) Belgium (Dutch) Czech Republic Germany Denmark Spain Finland France Greece Hungary Ireland Iceland Italy Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Norway Poland Sweden Slovakia AUTOMOTOR HUESCA , SL CONTACT Home Data protection Data protection LEGAL NOTICE WEB DEALERS This data protection Policy regulates the processing of personal data provided by the User through the Internet portal www.kia.com/es/concesionarios/automotorhuesca (hereinafter, the "Portal") that CONCESIONARIO AUTOMOTOR HUESCA, SL (hereinafter, "THE CONCESSIONAIRE") makes it available to Internet users. This Policy is an integral part of the Legal Notice accessible at all times from the Portal. The User guarantees that the data provided is true, exact, complete and up-to-date, being responsible for any direct or indirect damage or harm that may be caused as a consequence of the breach of such obligation. In the event that the data provided belonged to a third party, the User guarantees that he has informed said third party of the aspects contained in this document and obtained his authorization to provide his data to the CONCESSIONAIRE for the purposes indicated. The Portal may offer functionalities to share content through third-party applications, such as Facebook or Twitter. These applications can collect and process information related to user navigation on different websites. Any personal information that is collected through these applications can be used by third party users, and their interactions are subject to the privacy policies of the companies that provide the applications. The Portal can host blogs, forums, and other applications or social network services in order to facilitate the exchange of knowledge and content. Any personal information provided by the user can be shared with other users of that service, over which KIA has no control. In order to offer information or services of interest depending on the location of the User, THE CONCESSIONAIRE may access data related to the geolocation of the User's device, in those cases where the configuration of the user for this purpose allows it. For technical security and systems diagnostics purposes, anonymized or aggregated, KIA may record the IP address (device's Internet access identification number, which allows devices, systems and servers to recognize and communicate with each other). Such information may also be used for analytical purposes of web performance. BASIC INFORMATION ON DATA PROTECTION Heading Basic Information Responsible The following are considered jointly responsible for the treatment of: CONCESIONARIO AUTOMOTOR HUESCA, S.L. AND KIA MOTOR IBERIA S.L. Purpose Management of the service requested by the user. Management of the sending of information for the purposes of advertising, commercial prospecting, statistics and product satisfaction. Legitimation Consent of the interested party Legitimization for compliance with the contract Target group Other companies of the KIA MOTORS group In charge of treatment established in the EU Rights to Access, Rectify and Delete the Data, as well as other rights, as explained in the Additional Information. Additional information You can consult additional and detailed information on Data Protection go to www.kia.com/es/concesionarios/automotorhuesca/nota-legal/ Newsletter Worldwide Legal notice Data protection Cookies policy Sitemap Models Picanto Rio Ceed Ceed GT Ceed Tourer ProCeed Soul EV Carens Stonic Niro Niro PHEV Sportage Sorento Optima PHEV Stinger e-Soul e-Niro XCeed XCeed PHEV Ceed Tourer PHEV I want a Kia Promotions Comparator Configurator Why Kia Contact Commercial offer Kia Okasion Contact Kia Companies Contact Catalog Service Companies COVID-19 | Kia Promise Recommendations Prevention Covid-19 Kia Service Caring for your Kia Promotions Mobility Benefits Contact the official service MiKia Request Request Workshop 7 years warranty Original Accessories Kia All about Kia About us Press News Kia Kia Experiences in social networks Kia Academy © 2020 KIA MOTORS IBERIA - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.