Legal notice | KIA Motors Iberia Go to content open menu Change the language: Models All Urban Family Vehicles Crossover Sports Hybrid / Electric Explore Picanto range From € 8,600 Rio From € 10,300 Stonic From € 12,850 Ceed Tourer From € 11,800 Ceed GT From 24,900 € ProCeed From € 22,449 XCeed From € 16,449 Kia Niro From € 19,900 Kia Niro PHEV From € 25,800 New e-Soul From € 36,675 Sportage From € 18,200 Simanto € 29,000 Optima PHEV From € 34,800 Stinger From € 35,600 I want a Kia Promoter Comparator Configurator Why Kia Contact Commercial offer Kia Okasion Kia Okasion Program Kia Companies Search Companies Contact Companies Catalog Service COVID-19 | Kia Promise Recommendations Prevention Covid-19 Kia Service Caring for your Kia Promotions Mobility Benefits Contact the official service MiKia Request Request Workshop 7 years warranty Original Accessories Kia All about Kia About us Press News Experiences Kia Kia in social networks Kia Academy Settings of Privacy Contact Form Commercial offer Try a Kia MiKia Dealer Catalogs "Search" "Search" Country Selector Austria Belgium (French) Belgium (Dutch) Czech Republic Germany Denmark Spain Finland France Greece Hungary Ireland Iceland Italy Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Norway Poland Sweden Slovakia AUTOMOTOR HUESCA , SL CONTACT Home Legal note Legal notice LEGAL NOTICE WEB DEALERS This Data Protection Policy regulates the processing of personal data provided by the User through the Internet portal www.kia.com/es/concesionarios/automotorhuesca (hereinafter, the “ Portal ”) that the AUTOMOTIVE CONCESSIONAIRE HUESCA, SL (hereinafter, "THE CONCESSIONAIRE") makes it available to Internet users. This Policy is an integral part of the Legal Notice accessible at all times from the Portal. The User guarantees that the data provided is true, exact, complete and up-to-date, being responsible for any direct or indirect damage or harm that may be caused as a consequence of the breach of such obligation. In the event that the data provided belonged to a third party, the User guarantees that he has informed said third party of the aspects contained in this document and obtained his authorization to provide his data to the CONCESSIONAIRE for the purposes indicated. The Portal may offer functionalities to share content through third-party applications, such as Facebook or Twitter. These applications can collect and process information related to user navigation on different websites. Any personal information that is collected through these applications can be used by third party users, and their interactions are subject to the privacy policies of the companies that provide the applications. The Portal can host blogs, forums, and other applications or social network services in order to facilitate the exchange of knowledge and content. Any personal information provided by the user can be shared with other users of that service, over which KIA has no control. In order to offer information or services of interest depending on the location of the User, THE CONCESSIONAIRE may access data related to the geolocation of the User's device, in those cases where the configuration of the user for this purpose allows it. For technical security and systems diagnostics purposes, anonymized or aggregated, KIA may record the IP address (device's Internet access identification number, which allows devices, systems and servers to recognize and communicate with each other). Such information may also be used for analytical purposes of web performance. BASIC INFORMATION ON DATA PROTECTION Additional Information Data Protection Who is responsible for the processing of your data? Identity: Concessionaire AUTOMOTOR HUESCA, S.L. CIF: B22388706 Postal address: Calle Albelda 6 Huesca Email: automotorhuesca@kia.es Telephone: 974211444 Identity: KIA MOTORS IBERIA CIF: B83497396 Postal address: CALLE ANABEL SEGURA 16 ED VEGA NORTE II Alcobendas Email: consultalopd@kia.es Telephone : 902 283 285 Data Protection Officer: Previsión Sanitaria Servicios y Consultoría SLU DPD Contact: consultationslopd@kia.es Basic Responsible Information Section The following are considered jointly responsible for the treatment of: CONCESIONARIO AUTOMOTOR HUESCA, S.L. AND KIA MOTOR IBERIA S.L. Purpose Management of the service requested by the user. Management of the sending of information for the purposes of advertising, commercial prospecting, statistics and product satisfaction. Legitimation Consent of the interested party Legitimization for compliance with the contract Target group Other companies of the KIA MOTORS group In charge of treatment established in the EU Rights to Access, Rectify and Delete the Data, as well as other rights, as explained in the Additional Information. Additional information You can consult additional and detailed information on Data Protection go to www.kia.com/es/concesionarios/automotorhuesca/nota-legal/ For what purpose do we treat your personal data? THE CONCESSIONAIRE AND KIA MOTORS IBERIA will process the information provided by the User in order to meet their requests related to the management of the requested service and the sending of electronic communications of an informative nature according to their interests. THE CONCESSIONAIRE AND KIA MOTORS IBERIA may prepare a commercial profile, based on the information provided in order to be able to offer you products and services according to your interests. No automated decisions will be made based on that profile. How long will we keep your data for? In general, the personal data provided will be kept for the time necessary to meet the User's request or until its deletion is requested by the User. What is the legitimacy for the treatment of your data? The legal basis for the treatment of the data is the legitimation by consent of the User. For existing customers, we will process the data by virtue of the execution of the contract signed by the User. To which recipients will your data be communicated? KIA MOTORS group companies (KIA MOTORS EUROPE, KIA MOTORS CORPORATION) Treatment managers established in the EU both AUTOMOTOR HUESCA, S.L. like from Kia Motors Iberia. KIA Motors Iberia, www.kia.es, may process personal data, also through the use of service providers / processors who submit to its instructions (eg, computer service providers, call centers or printing services), in order to identify and improve services, products and customer satisfaction, and in particular to carry out customer satisfaction surveys on the KIA brand, and which KIA Motors Iberia can provide to KIA Motors Europe GmbH, Theodor-Heuss-Allee 11, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, www.kia.eu, and AUTOMOTOR HUESCA, SL the results of such treatment and surveys. What are your rights when you provide us with your data? - Right of access: You will have the right to obtain confirmation of whether or not personal data concerning you is being processed. - Right of rectification: You will have the right to obtain the rectification of inaccurate personal data that concerns you or incomplete. - Right of deletion: You will have the right to obtain the deletion of personal data that concerns you when personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed. - Right of limitation: You may request the limitation of the processing of your personal data, in which case we will only keep them for the exercise or defense of claims. - Right to withdraw consent: You will have the right to withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the legality of the treatment based on consent before its withdrawal. - Right of opposition: You will have the right to object to the processing of your data. KIA MOTORS IBERIA will stop processing the data, except for compelling legitimate reasons, or the exercise or defense of possible claims. - Right to the portability of your data: You can ask us that your automated personal data be assigned or transferred to any other company that you indicate to us in a structured, intelligible and automated format. Interested parties can exercise their rights of access, rectification, deletion, limitation, opposition and portability of the data by writing to: - THE CONCESSIONAIRE indicating the right to exercise and attaching a copy of the DNI through the following postal address: Calle Albelda 6 Huesca or through the email automotorhuesca@kia.es - KIA MOTORS IBERIA indicating the right to exercise and attaching a copy of the DNI through the following postal address: Apartado de Correos 35142, 28080, Madrid, indicating in the envelope DATA PROTECTION or Through the email lopd@kia.es Interested parties have the right to claim before the Control Authority and request the protection of rights that have not been duly addressed to the Spanish Agency for Data Protection through the electronic headquarters of its web portal (www.agpd.es), or by writing to your postal address (C / Jorge Juan, 6, 28001-Madrid). The information contained in both the e-mails sent and in the attached documents is confidential and privileged information for the exclusive use of the person / s to whom it is addressed. Access to these messages is not allowed to anyone other than those indicated. If you are not one of the recipients, any duplication, reproduction, distribution, as well as any use of the information contained or any other action or omission taken in connection with it, is prohibited and may be illegal. Newsletter Worldwide Legal notice Data protection Cookies policy Site map Models Picanto Rio Ceed Ceed GT Ceed Tourer ProCeed Soul EV Carens Stonic Niro Niro PHEV Sportage Sorento Optima PHEV Stinger e-Soul e-Niro XCeed XCeed PHEV Ceed Tourer PHEV I want a Kia Promotions Comparator Configurator Why Kia Contact Kia Okasion commercial offer Kia Okasion Program Kia Companies Search Companies Contact Companies Catalog Service COVID-19 | Kia Promise Recommendations Prevention Covid-19 Kia Service Caring for your Kia Promotions Mobility Benefits Contact the official service MiKia Request Request Workshop 7 years warranty Original Accessories Kia All about Kia About us Press News Kia Kia Experiences in social networks Kia Academy © 2020 KIA MOTORS IBERIA - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.