Why Kia | KIA Motors Iberia Go to content open menu Change the language: Models All Urban Family Vehicles Crossover Sports Hybrid / Electric Explore Picanto range From € 8,600 Rio From € 10,300 Stonic From € 12,850 Ceed Tourer From € 11,800 Ceed GT From 24,900 € ProCeed From € 22,449 XCeed From € 16,449 Kia Niro From € 19,900 Kia Niro PHEV From € 25,800 New e-Soul From € 36,675 Sportage From € 18,200 Simanto € 29,000 Optima PHEV From € 34,800 Stinger From € 35,600 I want a Kia Promoter Comparator Configurator Why Kia Contact Commercial offer Kia Okasion Kia Okasion Program Kia Companies Search Companies Contact Companies Catalog Service COVID-19 | Kia Promise Recommendations Prevention Covid-19 Kia Service Caring for your Kia Promotions Mobility Benefits Contact the official service MiKia Request Request Workshop 7 years warranty Original Accessories Kia All about Kia About us Press News Experiences Kia Kia in social networks Kia Academy Settings of Privacy Contact Form Commercial offer Try a Kia MiKia Dealer Catalogs "Search" "Search" Country Selector Austria Belgium (French) Belgium (Dutch) Czech Republic Germany Denmark Spain Finland France Greece Hungary Ireland Iceland Italy Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Norway Poland Sweden Slovakia AUTOMOTOR HUESCA , SL CONTACT Home I want a Kia Why Kia Why Kia More reasons to buy a Kia You are making a great choice. A new car, much to enjoy. Discover a world of benefits There are multiple reasons to buy a Kia - Plus, the list just keeps growing. Award-winning design, outstanding technology across the range, market leading warranty - take a moment to find out why Kia is unique. And why is it always the right decision. Kia Valora Find out what customers are saying about our range of vehicles. Find out more About us Kia Motors, the most experienced Korean car manufacturer, has a long history in Europe. Currently, our European headquarters operates from Frankfurt, where our in-house design team creates both the interiors and exteriors of European vehicles. In addition, we manufacture various models at our plant in Žilina (Slovakia). Find out more about Kia A green company At Kia, our commitment to the planet extends in multiple directions: from new, more efficient engines to alternative fuel vehicles and environmentally friendly production methods. The ECO Dynamics label also highlights those aspects in which our cars are environmentally friendly. In recognition of our effort, Kia has ranked 35th on the list of major global green brands (Interbrand, 2014). Discover even more Impressive design The simplicity of a straight line At Kia, design is much more than a set of shapes, lines and decoration. It expresses the spirit of our brand and awakens the passion for our cars. Thanks to well-known designers, such as Peter Schreyes, our cars are dynamic, modern and distinctive. They attract the attention of consumers, the press and international juries. Find out more about our award-winning design Our cars make themselves known. Not only by other drivers or passers-by, but also by juries of world-class design competitions. Many Kia car designs have been recognized with prestigious accolades, such as iF, Red Dot, Good Design and ABC Design. Which of our winners will steal your heart? More information Advanced technology Setting new standards Kia vehicles have a wide selection of the latest driving technologies (many equipped as standard). Trust our impressive package of hands-on technology. And in DRIVE WiSE, our latest ever-evolving collection of driver assistance features. In our commitment to a sustainable future, we offer a range of hybrid and electric powertrains. Maximum simplicity for your daily commutes Kia cars are equipped with a host of practical technologies, such as the parking aid system; the lane departure warning system; or connected services such as TomTom navigation, Android Auto ™ and Apple CarPlay ™. Discover the smart features that will simplify your daily driving as much as possible. Discover more Discover DRIVE WiSE The future of driver assistance technology is called DRIVE WiSE. These innovative features enhance your safety and enhance your driving experience. With presence in many Kia models, the automatic emergency braking, the peripheral vision monitor, the dynamic headlights and the lane keeping system stand out. Discover more Alternative energy Whether hybrid or electric, there is an alternative energy Kia for you. The comfortable and powerful Soul EV is a fully electric vehicle, although you would never guess. Convenient, fuel-efficient hybrids like Niro and the Pluggable Optima fit perfectly into your lifestyle. And they satisfy your desire to consume less without giving up anything. Discover more 7 years warranty Are you looking for something that really sets Kia apart from the rest? Very simple: 7 years warranty. Our industry leading bumper to bumper coverage reflects the confidence we have in every Kia vehicle. And it gives you complete peace of mind for a full 7 years. Find out more FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS: 7-year guarantee How can you offer, unlike other manufacturers, a 7-year / 150,000 km guarantee? The high production quality of our manufacturing operations, both in Europe and worldwide, gives Kia the confidence to offer this extraordinary guarantee, unique in the European market. What vehicles have a 7 year warranty? All new Kia vehicles purchased and registered after January 1, 2010. Are there any components that are not covered for 7 years? Yes, some elements have a limited natural life / durability and therefore their coverage is less than 7 years. These are: battery (2 years), audio, navigation and entertainment system (3 years / 100,000 km max.) And vehicle paint (5 years / 150,000 km). Is it bumper to bumper coverage or is it limited to certain parts? It is not like many other guarantees covered by external insurance companies. It's a full manufacturer warranty: "bumper to bumper" warranty from day one to the end of the 7th year. Still more reasons Always on the right track Stop getting lost in your old car. All new Kia with standard navigation system bring Kia 7-year map update service. Thus, you will get to your destination faster and, in addition, you will save time and fuel. Learn More Our Service Commitment Becoming a Kia owner is just the start of an exciting journey. Your Kia dealer service team is committed to helping you every step of the way. Our goal is to make your only thought be: "WOW!". That is our commitment to service. Discover even more Take a step Set up your Kia Book a test drive Find a dealer Legal Legal Legal Legal Newsletter Worldwide Legal notice Data protection Cookies policy Sitemap Models Picanto Rio Ceed Ceed GT Ceed Tourer ProCeed Soul EV Carens Stonic Niro Niro PHEV Sportage Sorento Optima PHEV Stinger e-Soul e-Niro XCeed XCeed PHEV Ceed Tourer PHEV I want a Kia Promotions Comparator Configurator Why Kia Contact Commercial offer Kia Okasion Search Companies Kia Companies Contact Company Catalog Service COVID-19 | Kia Promise Recommendations Prevention Covid-19 Kia Service Caring for your Kia Promotions Mobility Benefits Contact the official service MiKia Request Request Workshop 7 years warranty Original Accessories Kia All about Kia About us Press News Kia Kia Experiences in social networks Kia Academy © 2020 KIA MOTORS IBERIA - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.