The new Kia Optima Plug-in Hybrid | Kia Motors Iberia Go to content open menu Change the language: Models All Urban Family Vehicles Crossover Sports Hybrid / Electric Explore Picanto range From € 8,600 Rio From € 10,300 Stonic From € 12,850 Ceed Tourer From € 11,800 Ceed GT From 24,900 € ProCeed From € 22,449 XCeed From € 16,449 Kia Niro From € 19,900 Kia Niro PHEV From € 25,800 New e-Soul From € 36,675 Sportage From € 18,200 Simanto € 29,000 Optima PHEV From € 34,800 Stinger From € 35,600 I want a Kia Promoter Comparator Configurator Why Kia Contact Kia Okasion commercial offer Kia Okasion Program Kia Companies Search Companies Contact Companies Catalog Service COVID-19 | Kia Promise Recommendations Prevention Covid-19 Kia Service Caring for your Kia Promotions Mobility Benefits Contact the official service MiKia Request Request Workshop 7 years warranty Original Accessories Kia All about Kia About us Press News Experiences Kia Kia in social networks Kia Academy Settings of Privacy Contact Form Commercial offer Try a Kia MiKia Dealer Catalogs "Search" "Search" Country Selector Austria Belgium (French) Belgium (Dutch) Czech Republic Germany Denmark Spain Finland France Greece Hungary Ireland Iceland Italy Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Norway Poland Sweden Slovakia AUTOMOTOR HUESCA , SL CONTACT Optima car logo Discover Discover it Specifications Customers say Accessories Home Models Optima PHEV Discover it Kia Optima Plug-in Hybrid Low emission level, great style From € 34,800 financing * SPECIFICATIONS ELECTRIFICATION Test Kia Dealers Configurator Request a quote Financing offered, subject to study and approval by part of Banco Cetelem SAU until 05/31/2020 in Peninsula and Balearic Islands dealers. Design 360 ° VISION Plug-in hybrid driving Technology and safety Entertainment and connectivity A partner to trust OPTIMA PHEV VERSIONS MORE FOR YOU Configure your Optima Plug-in Hybrid LEGAL NOTICE Top 7 YEARS OF KIA'S EXCLUSIVE WARRANTY More information 151 kW (205 CV) of combined power 48 km of autonomy in electric mode Elegant and environmentally friendly Impressive design from all angles Innovative design Plug-in hybrid design Design and comfort 360 ° VISION Optima PHEV Optima PHEV Images for illustrative purposes only, may not correspond to specification of the EU. EXTERIOR COLOR WHEELS EXTERIOR COLOR Previous Next WHEELS Previous Next CONFIGURATOR Plug-in hybrid driving Discover plug-in hybrid technology Perfectly combines better performance with lower emissions. Parallel Hybrid System Precise power and smart (re) charging, what more could a hybrid be asked for? Driving dynamics Discover what it feels like when two engines share the same space. Know your performance Guiding you to the next level of efficiency Technology and safety DRIVE WiSE Discover DRIVE WiSE, the future of driving and assistance technologies from Kia.1 Innovations, which detect any danger to help make the road a safer place. With fewer things to worry about, driving is truly a pleasure. More information Parking aid Parking is no longer a problem when you have the latest innovations. Autonomous Emergency Braking (AEB) Avoid any possible danger on the horizon and feel safe. Always in control Stay within limits ... and in your lane. Adaptive Cruise Control (ASCC) Your partner for safer and more relaxed motorway driving. Passive security features Ready to protect you, no matter what the destination. Entertainment & Connectivity Enroute Connections You'll stay informed with the latest information and smart features. Wireless mobile phone charger Are you running out of battery? Charging your smartphone has never been so easy. Premium Audio System Enjoy even more driving with your favorite music on the Harman / Kardon ™ audio system. A partner to trust Kia 7-year warranty Every Kia owner benefits from our exclusive 7-year warranty on new vehicles or 150,000 km from first registration, whichever comes first. That shows what we trust in our vehicles. Also, you can transfer it to other owners if you sell it. Every owner of a Kia Optima Plug-In Hybrid enjoys an exclusive 7-year new car warranty.7 This reflects how much we believe in our cars. In addition, it can be transferred to new owners in case of selling the vehicle. Find out more 7 years of Kia map updates Every new Kia that leaves the factory with a navigation system is entitled to six free annual map updates.8 A unique offer that ensures your navigation system is always up to date. More information OPTIMA PHEV VERSIONS Optima Plug-in Hybrid Optima Plug-in Hybrid FEATURED EQUIPMENT Steering wheel and heated front and rear seats Automatic parking assistance system 360º vision camera Panoramic Sunroof Navigator with parking assistance camera, Android Auto and TomTom connectivity services (20 cm (8 ") VERSIONS OF THE OPTIMA PHEV MORE FOR YOU 7-year warranty Get more information about the Kia 7-year warranty Offers Discover the latest offers and promotions Kia Electrification Discover more about electric mobility. Accessories catalog Kia Optima PHEV Click on the image and download the original accessories catalog Companies Kia Solutions Companies Kia Solutions Configure your Optima Plug-in Hybrid START CONFIGURATION TRY A KIA FIND A DEALER CATALOG FINANCE A PURCHASE LEGAL NOTICE Commercial conditions * C02 Emissions Combined s WLTP correlated to NEDC (g / km): 37. Combined C02 emissions WLTP (g / km): 35. Combined WLTP consumption (l / 100km): 1.5. PVPR Kia Optima 2.0 GDi Plug-in Hybrid (including tax, transport and promotional actions). It does not include management expenses, registration or financing associated expenses (Commissions, Interests or Insurance Programs). Offer applicable to private customers who deliver a used vehicle and finance with Banco Cetelem S.A.U. a minimum amount of € 15,000 through the FlexiPlan campaign, with a minimum term of 36 months and a minimum stay of 36 months. Offer incompatible with other financial offers, valid until 05/31/2020 in Peninsula and Balearic Islands dealers. Financing subject to study and approval by the credit institution. Model displayed may not correspond to the one offered. (1) DRIVE WISE Technologies The Drive Wise technology system is an assistant and does not relieve the driver of his responsibility to drive the vehicle safely at all times. The driver remains obliged to adapt his way of driving to his personal ability, to legal regulations and to the specific conditions of traffic and road. Drive Wise technology is not designed to drive the vehicle autonomously. For more information, see the owner's manual. (2) Autonomous Emergency Braking (AEB) The Autonomous Emergency Braking System (AEB) is an assistant and does not relieve the driver of his responsibility to drive the vehicle safely at all times. The driver is still obliged to adapt his way of driving to his personal ability, to legal regulations and to the specific conditions of traffic and road. AEB is not designed to drive the vehicle autonomously. For more information, see the owner's manual. (3) Kia Connected Services services are free for 7 years from the first connection of navigation to the mobile network. (4) Android Auto ™ and Apple CarPlay ™ The Kia Optima Plug-in Hybrid is among the first Kia models to feature Android Auto ™, designed for Android phones running 5.0 (Lollipop) or higher. Apple CarPlay ™ will be available in late 2016 for iPhone 5 or newer models. Both systems include voice control and allow the driver to keep his hands on the wheel and his eyes on the road at all times. (5) TomTom speed camera service Most governments and local authorities claim that TomTom's "speed camera" service encourages safe driving. At Kia we respect local law and, if necessary, adapt our practices. Click here for general regulations (6) Wireless smartphone charger Wireless charger compatible with phones with Qi technology or adapter. (7) Kia 7 Year / 150,000km New Car Warranty. Every Kia owner benefits from our exclusive 7-year warranty on new vehicles or 150,000 km from the first registration, whichever comes first. That shows what we trust in our vehicles. Also, you can transfer it to other owners if you sell it. Valid in all EU countries (as well as Norway, Switzerland, Iceland and Gibraltar), subject to local terms and conditions. Lithium-ion battery conditions: Kia lithium-ion batteries for electric (EV), hybrid (HEV) and plug-in hybrid (PHEV) models are long-lasting. The warranty coverage is 7 years or 150,000 km, whichever comes first. For low-voltage batteries (48V and 12V) in mild-hybrid vehicles (MHEV) the coverage is 2 years with no kilometer limit. For electric vehicles (EV) 65% of the guarantee capacity is guaranteed. Capacity for PHEV, HEV and MHEV vehicles is not covered by warranty conditions. To minimize possible capacity reduction see the user manual. (8) 7 years of map updates As part of our comprehensive commitment to quality, every new Kia with standard LG browser is entitled to six free annual map updates. An exclusive offer that guarantees that your navigation system is always up to date. The program is valid only for new Kia vehicles purchased after February 28, 2013 with standard LG browsers. The service point may apply the labor fee to the time spent performing the upgrade. The 7-year map update program offers six map updates because Kia vehicles are shipped from the factory with the latest update available. The navigation system warranty is not affected by this program. Kia assumes no responsibility for the quality of the information on the maps supplied by Navteq. (9) 7 year battery warranty Kia batteries are designed for long life. Our warranty covers the battery from the time of delivery for a period of 7 years for new vehicles or 150,000 km from the first registration, whichever comes first. Reducing the capacity of the Lithium Ion battery is NOT covered by the warranty. To minimize its possible reduction, consult the user manual. Newsletter Worldwide Legal notice Data protection Cookies policy Site map Models Picanto Rio Ceed Ceed GT Ceed Tourer ProCeed Soul EV Carens Stonic Niro Niro PHEV Sportage Sorento Optima PHEV Stinger e-Soul e-Niro XCeed XCeed PHEV Ceed Tourer PHEV I want a Kia Promotions Comparator Configurator Why Kia Contact Kia Okasion commercial offer Kia Okasion Program Kia Companies Search Companies Contact Companies Catalog Service COVID-19 | Kia Promise Recommendations Prevention Covid-19 Kia Service Caring for your Kia Promotions Mobility Benefits Contact the official service MiKia Request Request Workshop 7 years warranty Original Accessories Kia All about Kia About us Press News Kia Kia Experiences in social networks Kia Academy © 2020 KIA MOTORS IBERIA - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.