Cookies policy | KIA Motors Iberia Go to content open menu Change the language: Models All Urban Family Vehicles Crossover Sports Hybrid / Electric Explore Picanto range From € 8,600 Rio From € 10,300 Stonic From € 12,850 Ceed Tourer From € 11,800 Ceed GT From 24,900 € ProCeed From € 22,449 XCeed From € 16,449 Kia Niro From € 19,900 Kia Niro PHEV From € 25,800 New e-Soul From € 36,675 Sportage From € 18,200 Simanto € 29,000 Optima PHEV From € 34,800 Stinger From € 35,600 I want a Kia Promoter Comparator Configurator Why Kia Contact Commercial offer Kia Okasion Kia Okasion Program Kia Companies Search Companies Contact Companies Catalog Service COVID-19 | Kia Promise Recommendations Prevention Covid-19 Kia Service Caring for your Kia Promotions Mobility Benefits Contact the official service MiKia Request Request Workshop 7 years warranty Original Accessories Kia All about Kia About us Press News Experiences Kia Kia in social networks Kia Academy Settings of Privacy Contact Form Commercial offer Try a Kia MiKia Dealer Catalogs "Search" "Search" Country Selector Austria Belgium (French) Belgium (Dutch) Czech Republic Germany Denmark Spain Finland France Greece Hungary Ireland Iceland Italy Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Norway Poland Sweden Slovakia AUTOMOTOR HUESCA , SL CONTACT Home Cookies policy Cookies policy COOKIES POLICY Kia uses cookies on your website to analyze the website and social networks as well as to improve the visitor experience. You can continue using the website by clicking the "continue" button, thus accepting the use of cookies. For more information about cookies and how they are used, check out our cookie policy. What are cookies? A cookie is a file that is downloaded to your computer when accessing certain web pages. Cookies allow a web page, among other things, to store and retrieve information about the browsing habits of a user or their equipment and, depending on the information they contain and the way you use your equipment, they can be used to recognize to user. Types of cookies The most frequent types of cookies that you can find when you browse the Internet are the following: Own cookies: These are sent to the user's terminal equipment from a computer or domain managed by the publisher itself, and from which it is provided the service requested by the user. Third-party cookies: These are those that are sent to the user's terminal equipment from a computer or domain that is not managed by the publisher, but by another entity that processes the data obtained through cookies. Session cookies: They are a type of cookie designed to collect and store data while the user accesses a web page. Persistent cookies: They are a type of cookie in which the data is still stored in the terminal and can be accessed and processed during a period defined by the person responsible for the cookie, and which can range from a few minutes to several years. Analysis cookies: These are processed by the publisher or by third parties, and allow the number of users to be quantified, the statistical analysis and measurement of the use made by the users of the service offered. To do this, the user's browsing on the website is analyzed, in order to improve the offer of products or services offered. Advertising cookies: They are those that allow the management, in the most efficient way possible, of the advertising spaces that, where appropriate, the editor has included in a web page, application or platform from which the requested service is provided based on criteria such as edited content, or the frequency at which ads are displayed. At Kia Motors Iberia we only use our own cookies to remember browsing preferences such as the preferred language. We also use analysis cookies, through which we study the usage statistics that users make of our website. To do this, we use Google Analytics with specific terms and conditions of use. At no time do we store any type of personal information, or use any other type of additional cookie. Mikia uses cookies to remember user preferences and optimize website design. Revocation and deletion of cookies You can allow, block or delete the cookies installed on your computer, by configuring the options of the browser installed on your computer. In case you do not allow the installation of cookies in your browser, you may not be able to access any of the sections of our website. Check the cookie settings in Google Chrome. Check the cookie settings in Mozilla Firefox. Check the cookie settings in Internet Explorer. Check the cookie settings in Safari. Check the cookie settings in Opera. If you have any questions or want to know more, do not hesitate to contact us. Newsletter Worldwide Legal notice Data protection Cookies policy Site map Models Picanto Rio Ceed Ceed GT Ceed Tourer ProCeed Soul EV Carens Stonic Niro Niro PHEV Sportage Sorento Optima PHEV Stinger e-Soul e-Niro XCeed XCeed PHEV Ceed Tourer PHEV I want a Kia Promotions Comparator Configurator Why Kia Contact Kia Okasion commercial offer Kia Okasion Program Kia Companies Search Companies Contact Companies Catalog Service COVID-19 | Kia Promise Recommendations Prevention Covid-19 Kia Service Caring for your Kia Promotions Mobility Benefits Contact the official service MiKia Request Request Workshop 7 years warranty Original Accessories Kia All about Kia About us Press News Kia Kia Experiences in social networks Kia Academy © 2020 KIA MOTORS IBERIA - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.