Storage | Tires Russ Skip to content Tires Russ Navigation ☰ OffersRims Tires Tires & WheelsSummer Tires Winter Tires All Season Tires Encyclopedia TPMS EU Tire Label Agriculture Motorcycle Truck Offroad Industry Gallery ServicesTire and Car Service Company Cars Tuning About Us News Home Our Services for Car & Tires Storage Storage Professional Storage of Tires In order to be able to achieve the maximum possible service life for tires, in addition to a gentle driving style, professional storage is also important. When changing the tires, a whole series of important points must be taken into account in order to avoid long-term damage to the tire and impairment of driving behavior. In addition to the correct ambient conditions and the optimal air pressure, the logical identification and a professional inspection of the tires should also be carried out, for example. As an experienced specialist workshop for cars and commercial vehicles, we are very familiar with changing tires and, in particular, storing tires. Our specialists will professionally store your tires for you after the change and will be happy to professionally clean the wheels on request. Thanks to the optimal storage conditions in our premises, you benefit from a maximum lifespan and save money. This is what to pay attention to when storing tires When storing wheels for cars and commercial vehicles properly, there are a number of important aspects to be taken into account in order to achieve the possible service life. Air pressure The air pressure is automatically reduced during storage, as some air continuously escapes. In order to prevent the tires from deforming during the storage due to escaping air, we increase the pressure before the storage to about 0.5 bar above the manufacturer's specification. Careful inspection Before storage, we carry out a careful inspection of the tires and rims. First we measure the tread depth to ensure the legal minimum requirement of 1.6 mm at the most crazy point. For summer tires, the ADAC recommends changing tires from a tread depth of 3 mm, for winter tires from 4 mm. In addition to measuring the tread depth, we check the tires and rims for any foreign bodies and damage. If, for example, the load-bearing tire structure is damaged, the tire should always be replaced. Labeling the tires To keep track of the last position of the tires after storage, labeling with wax circles is advisable. The left front tire can, for example, be labeled "VL" and be used at the next tire change at the rear to ensure even removal. The environment Tires react very sensitively to changing environmental conditions and therefore prefer storage in dark, cool and dry rooms. In our storage halls, we offer perfect conditions for storage and ensure that the tires are not in the sun or come into contact with solvents or greases. Cleaning In order to protect the tires from aggressive substances during storage, we can carry out intensive cleaning on request. We free the wheels from salt, dirt, stones and other foreign bodies and in this way guarantee gentle and professional storage. Storage If you have complete wheels, consisting of tires and rims, stored, a horizontal arrangement of the wheels is recommended to prevent imbalance in the shape. Alternatively, the wheels can also be stored on wall brackets or rim trees provided for this purpose. If only the tires are stored without rims, a standing arrangement is possible. However, it is important to ensure that the tires are turned every few weeks. Vacancies Contact Data protection Imprint ✎ Here is our current information Read more Cashback campaign Cashback campaign Fulda campaign 2019 Black driving with guarantee. Buy Fulda tires and get free tire protection for the next year Black driving with guarantee Goodyear campaign 2019 (Vector Protect) Change all-season tires now and ensure all-round protection. Vector Protector Card Our services × Wheel alignment Wheel alignment for perfect straight running An ideal axle geometry is of crucial importance for perfect straight running, high driving comfort and even wheel wear. If the axle geometry is only slightly adjusted, tracking errors occur and there are unpleasant side effects when driving: Available from: Tire Russ Read more Close × Exhaust service The competent exhaust service from a specialist The exhaust system in vehicles with a combustion engine takes on the task of ensuring that the exhaust gases from the combustion process are safe , environmentally friendly and quiet to the environment. The exhaust reduces the environmental and noise pollution and protects you and your surroundings from the emission of toxic exhaust gases. A defective exhaust system not only affects fuel consumption and can cause serious damage to the engine, but must also be avoided in the interests of environmental protection. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Brake service Professional brake service for a safe journey The brake system is one of the safety-relevant components of vehicles and should therefore be regularly checked for proper function. By servicing the brake system, any damage can be identified at an early stage, brake failure is effectively prevented and expensive repairs are avoided. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Storage Proper storage of tires In order to achieve the maximum possible service life of tires, a careful driving style and above all a professional storage is important. When changing the tires, a whole series of important points must be taken into account in order to avoid long-term damage to the tire and impairment of driving behavior. In addition to the correct ambient conditions and the optimal air pressure, the logical identification and a professional inspection of the tires should also be carried out, for example. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × HU / AU With our help safely through the main and exhaust gas inspection The recurring main inspection (HU) is a legally required test in Germany of the functionality and environmental compatibility of vehicles. Since 2010, the previous additional exhaust gas inspection (AU) has been part of the main inspection, which means that vehicle owners only have to have one test carried out. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Inspection Inspection by a specialist - for safety and a long car life Cars gather a variety of technical systems that are subject to high wear and tear due to the stresses of regular journeys, aging processes of the materials or weather conditions. For your safety, driving comfort and to avoid expensive repairs of consequential damage, it is important that your car is checked at regular intervals by an experienced automotive specialist. This service - the inspection - is available in our workshop for all brands and models. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Air-conditioning service Professional air-conditioning service made to measure The air-conditioning system is not one of the safety-relevant components of a vehicle, but still requires regular and thorough maintenance. This is the only way to ensure that the temperature of the interior works properly and that there are no harmful bacteria in the air conditioning system. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Oil change Professional oil change for maximum service life Oil is essential for the functionality and service life of internal combustion engines. Special motor oil acts primarily as a lubricant in vehicles, which protects the moving components of the engine against wear and ensures smooth operation. The quality of the oil also influences the efficiency of the combustion processes in the engine and thus also the fuel consumption of the vehicle. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire and wheel change Your competent partner for everything related to wheel and tire change The change of the wheel or tire is carried out for both cars and commercial vehicles in a seasonal rhythm in order to adapt the tires to the weather conditions. In winter conditions, appropriate tires are even required by law to ensure adequate liability in adverse road conditions. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire repairs Professional tire repairs Tires are one of the most stressed parts of a vehicle and are also safety-relevant components, the failure of which can have serious consequences. A regular check of the tire quality is therefore essential to ensure optimal safety and is carried out regularly by our experts. When storing tires and carrying out inspections, checking the tires for any damage is part of the service. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Seasonal check The seasonal check - safely through the season Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Shock absorber Have the shock absorber checked regularly Shock absorbers are safety-related components in the chassis and are responsible for reducing the vibrations that occur when driving over bumps allow. The component takes advantage of the hydraulic properties of oil to convert vibrational energy into heat and thus ensure that the damped vibration decays. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Balancing wheel balancing increases the service life Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close Wheel alignment Exhaust service Brake service Storage HU / AU inspection Air conditioning service Oil change Tire and wheel change Tire repairs Seasonal check Shock absorber balancing Member of 4FleetGDHSTire dealer BRV Goodyear Dunlop Fulda Sava