Tire encyclopedia | Tires Russ Skip to content Tires Russ Navigation ☰ OffersRims Tires Tires & WheelsSummer Tires Winter Tires All Season Tires Encyclopedia TPMS EU Tire Label Agriculture Motorcycle Truck Offroad Industry Gallery ServicesTire and Car Service Company Cars Tuning About Us News Home Tires & Wheels Encyclopedia Tire Encyclopedia A (14) B (9) C (2) D (2) E (7) F (11) G (7) H (6) I (2) K (6) L (11) M (6) N (11) O (1) P ( 5) Q (1) R (15) S (25) T (6) Ü (6) V (7) W (5) Z (1) ABE Abbreviation for "general operating permit" Abrasion When driving, braking and starting with the Car both the surface of the tires and the road surface are rubbed off. Rolling circumference The distance traveled from any point on the tread with one wheel revolution. The rolling circumference is therefore dependent on the tire diameter, it influences the gear ratio and the speedometer drive. Starting from the production tire, a tire with a smaller rolling circumference tends to have a shorter gear ratio. Acceleration is influenced favorably, but at top speed the rev counter could be in the red area. In addition, the smaller tire brings a greater speedometer lead. Tolerances of plus 1.5% and minus 2.5% are acceptable. In the event of larger deviations, the speedometer display must at least be corrected. All Seasons See: All-season tires All Weather See: All-season tires Aging Various factors can influence the tire aging process: moisture, UV radiation, heat and cold etc. In order to prevent a drop in performance, substances are added to the rubber compound that greatly slow down the aging process. After ten years, however, you should replace your old tires with new ones. Aging damage See: Tire age requirement profiles Every tire must ensure the load-bearing capacity of the vehicle weight and transmit the highest possible driving forces, braking forces and lateral forces - on dry roads, in damp, wet, on snow and ice. Further requirements: high-speed stability robustness abrasion resistance low rolling resistance low noise suspension properties good-natured driving behavior aging resistance See: load capacity stopping distance The reaction path and the actual braking distance, on which the speed is finally reduced, add up to the stopping distance. Stopping distance on dry road from speed with a reaction time of 0.3 s with a reaction time of 1.7 s 50 km / h 17.93 m 37.38 m 70 km / h 30.02 m 57.24 m 100 km / h 53.41 m 92.30 m 130 km / h 83.11 m 133.66 m (brake response time: 0.36 s) Anti-lock braking system ABS ABS is a braking system that enables the wheels to operate at full braking pressure, especially in the favorable slip range (10 -30%) of the maximum static friction can be kept. To achieve this, several thousand control pulses regulate the brake pressure and ensure that the wheels do not lock. Advantages shorter braking distances than with stutter braking Maintaining steerability (only rotating wheels can build up lateral forces) Possibility to avoid an obstacle Braking in the bend possible stable braking behavior on different surfaces Brake pedal is reached. ABS cannot replace safety gaps that are too short and unreasonableness remains dangerous even with ABS. ASR traction control system The traction control system (ASR) of a vehicle prevents the wheels from spinning on smooth or uneven surfaces. The power transmission to the drive axle is metered using electronic sensors so that the tires grip quietly and reliably when accelerating. Aquaplaning floating effect when the amount of water standing on the road can no longer be channeled through the drainage grooves of the tire. Footprint The area with which the tire touches the ground. Balancing Attaching weights to the rim to ensure that the wheel runs true. Poorly balanced wheels put excessive strain on tires, wheel bearings and suspension. Vacancies Contact Data protection Imprint ✎ Here is our current information Read more Cashback campaign Cashback campaign Fulda campaign 2019 Black driving with guarantee. Buy Fulda tires and get free tire protection for the next year Black driving with guarantee Goodyear campaign 2019 (Vector Protect) Change all-season tires now and ensure all-round protection. Vector Protector Card Our services × Wheel alignment Wheel alignment for perfect straight running An ideal axle geometry is of crucial importance for perfect straight running, high driving comfort and even wheel wear. If the axle geometry is only slightly adjusted, tracking errors occur and there are unpleasant side effects when driving: Available from: Tire Russ Read more Close × Exhaust service The competent exhaust service from a specialist The exhaust system in vehicles with a combustion engine takes on the task of ensuring that the exhaust gases from the combustion process are safe , environmentally friendly and quiet to the environment. The exhaust reduces the environmental and noise pollution and protects you and your surroundings from the emission of toxic exhaust gases. A defective exhaust system not only affects fuel consumption and can cause serious damage to the engine, but must also be avoided in the interests of environmental protection. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Brake service Professional brake service for a safe journey The brake system is one of the safety-relevant components of vehicles and should therefore be regularly checked for proper function. By servicing the brake system, any damage can be identified at an early stage, brake failure is effectively prevented and expensive repairs are avoided. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Storage Proper storage of tires In order to achieve the maximum possible service life of tires, a careful driving style and above all a professional storage is important. When changing the tires, a whole series of important points must be taken into account in order to avoid long-term damage to the tire and impairment of driving behavior. In addition to the correct ambient conditions and the optimal air pressure, the logical identification and a professional inspection of the tires should also be carried out, for example. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × HU / AU With our help safely through the main and exhaust gas inspection The recurring main inspection (HU) is a legally required test in Germany of the functionality and environmental compatibility of vehicles. Since 2010, the previous additional exhaust gas inspection (AU) has been part of the main inspection, which means that vehicle owners only have to have one test carried out. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Inspection Inspection by a specialist - for safety and a long car life Cars gather a variety of technical systems that are subject to high wear and tear due to the stresses of regular journeys, aging processes of the materials or weather conditions. For your safety, driving comfort and to avoid expensive repairs of consequential damage, it is important that your car is checked at regular intervals by an experienced automotive specialist. This service - the inspection - is available in our workshop for all brands and models. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Air-conditioning service Professional air-conditioning service made to measure The air-conditioning system is not one of the safety-relevant components of a vehicle, but still requires regular and thorough maintenance. This is the only way to ensure that the temperature of the interior works properly and that there are no harmful bacteria in the air conditioning system. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Oil change Professional oil change for maximum service life Oil is essential for the functionality and service life of internal combustion engines. Special motor oil acts primarily as a lubricant in vehicles, which protects the moving components of the engine against wear and ensures smooth operation. The quality of the oil also influences the efficiency of the combustion processes in the engine and thus also the fuel consumption of the vehicle. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire and wheel change Your competent partner for everything related to wheel and tire change The change of the wheel or tire is carried out for both cars and commercial vehicles in a seasonal rhythm in order to adapt the tires to the weather conditions. In winter conditions, appropriate tires are even required by law to ensure adequate liability in adverse road conditions. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire repairs Professional tire repairs Tires are one of the most stressed parts of a vehicle and are also safety-relevant components, the failure of which can have serious consequences. A regular check of the tire quality is therefore essential to ensure optimal safety and is carried out regularly by our experts. When storing tires and carrying out inspections, checking the tires for any damage is part of the service. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Seasonal check The seasonal check - safely through the season Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Shock absorber Have the shock absorber checked regularly Shock absorbers are safety-related components in the chassis and are responsible for reducing the vibrations that occur when driving over bumps allow. The component takes advantage of the hydraulic properties of oil to convert vibrational energy into heat and thus ensure that the damped vibration decays. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Balancing wheel balancing increases the service life Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close Wheel alignment Exhaust service Brake service Storage HU / AU inspection Air conditioning service Oil change Tire and wheel change Tire repairs Seasonal check Shock absorber balancing Member of 4FleetGDHSTire dealer BRV Goodyear Dunlop Fulda Sava