Industry | Tires Russ Skip to content Tires Russ Navigation ☰ OffersRims Tires Tires & WheelsSummer Tires Winter Tires All Season Tires Tire Encyclopedia TPMS EU Tire Label Agriculture Motorcycle Truck Offroad Industry Gallery ServicesTire and Car Service Company Cars Tuning About Us News Home Industry Industry The specialist for industrial tires As a competent partner for tires We not only equip cars, motorcycles, off-road vehicles and trucks with high-quality tires, but also carry a wide range of industrial tires. For customers in industry, we supply high-quality solid or pneumatic tires that are predestined for use in production, logistics and trade. Due to the special design, industrial trucks such as forklifts place very different demands on tires than cars. In contrast to cars or trucks, forklift trucks do not use damping spring elements such as shock absorbers. In order to compensate for any unevenness in the floor, the tire foam and the cushioning properties of the seat are used in industrial trucks. The experts in our specialist workshop have the necessary know-how to equip a wide variety of industrial vehicles with the right tires. With our well-equipped service vehicle, we are able to change wheels and tires in no time at all and ensure smooth operation in your production and logistics systems. This is what matters with an industrial tire When looking for a suitable industrial tire, factors must be taken into account that differ significantly from those of conventional car or truck tires. Above all, the operating and environmental conditions, such as the maximum permitted load on the floor, the required damping depending on the nature of the floor, the minimum load capacity of the industrial truck and the maximum dimensions of the tires must be taken into account when selecting industrial tires. In our assortment we have different types of tires, which are suitable depending on the intended use and the ambient conditions: Pneumatic tires In principle, pneumatic tires work similarly to car tires, but have a less pronounced profile. One of the advantages of pneumatic tires is the good spring effect, which ensures a high level of driving comfort. Similar to car tires, pneumatic tires must be continuously monitored for sufficient air pressure. Solid rubber tires Compared to pneumatic tires, solid rubber tires are particularly impressive due to their very high load-bearing capacity and good protection in the event of a collision. Thanks to the lack of tread, hardly any foreign objects are picked up by the tire. The main advantages are the disadvantage of less suspension, so pneumatic tires are usually preferable for high loads. Super-elastic tires Super-elastic tires are also known as SE tires and have a multi-layer structure. The solid tires are not filled with air and are therefore practically puncture-proof like solid rubber tires. The type of tire must be arranged in relation to the suspension between pneumatic and solid rubber tires. In the field of industrial tires, we work closely with renowned manufacturers such as Continental and Trelleborg. In close cooperation with our customers, we select high-quality industrial tires and take care of assembly, wheel changes and various services. The specialist for industrial tires As a competent partner for tires, we not only equip cars, motorcycles, off-road vehicles and trucks with high-quality tires, but also carry a wide range of industrial tires. For customers in industry, we supply high-quality solid or pneumatic tires that are predestined for use in production, logistics and trade. Due to the special design, industrial trucks such as forklifts place very different demands on tires than cars. In contrast to cars or trucks, forklift trucks do not use damping spring elements such as shock absorbers. In order to compensate for any unevenness in the floor, the tire foam and the cushioning properties of the seat are used in industrial trucks. The experts in our specialist workshop have the necessary know-how to equip a wide variety of industrial vehicles with the right tires. With our well-equipped service vehicle, we are able to change wheels and tires in no time at all and ensure smooth operation in your production and logistics systems. This is what matters with an industrial tire When looking for a suitable industrial tire, factors must be taken into account that differ significantly from those of conventional car or truck tires. Above all, the operating and environmental conditions, such as the maximum permitted load on the floor, the required damping depending on the nature of the floor, the minimum load capacity of the industrial truck and the maximum dimensions of the tires must be taken into account when selecting industrial tires. In our assortment we have different types of tires, which are suitable depending on the intended use and the ambient conditions: Pneumatic tires In principle, pneumatic tires work similarly to car tires, but have a less pronounced profile. One of the advantages of pneumatic tires is the good spring effect, which ensures a high level of driving comfort. Similar to car tires, pneumatic tires must be continuously monitored for sufficient air pressure. Solid rubber tires Compared to pneumatic tires, solid rubber tires are particularly impressive due to their very high load-bearing capacity and good protection in the event of a collision. Thanks to the lack of tread, hardly any foreign objects are picked up by the tire. The main advantages are the disadvantage of less suspension, so pneumatic tires are usually preferable for high loads. Super-elastic tires Super-elastic tires are also known as SE tires and have a multi-layer structure. The solid tires are not filled with air and are therefore practically puncture-proof like solid rubber tires. The type of tire must be arranged in relation to the suspension between pneumatic and solid rubber tires. In the field of industrial tires, we work closely with renowned manufacturers such as Continental and Trelleborg. In close cooperation with our customers, we select high-quality industrial tires and take care of assembly, wheel changes and various services. Vacancies Contact Data protection Imprint ✎ Here is our current information Read more Cashback campaign Cashback campaign Fulda campaign 2019 Black driving with guarantee. Buy Fulda tires and get free tire protection for the next year Black driving with guarantee Goodyear campaign 2019 (Vector Protect) Change all-season tires now and ensure all-round protection. Vector Protector Card Our services × Wheel alignment Wheel alignment for perfect straight running An ideal axle geometry is of crucial importance for perfect straight running, high driving comfort and even wheel wear. If the axle geometry is only slightly adjusted, tracking errors occur and there are unpleasant side effects when driving: Available from: Tire Russ Read more Close × Exhaust service The competent exhaust service from a specialist The exhaust system in vehicles with a combustion engine takes on the task of ensuring that the exhaust gases from the combustion process are safe , environmentally friendly and quiet to the environment. The exhaust reduces the environmental and noise pollution and protects you and your surroundings from the emission of toxic exhaust gases. A defective exhaust system not only affects fuel consumption and can cause serious damage to the engine, but must also be avoided in the interests of environmental protection. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Brake service Professional brake service for a safe journey The brake system is one of the safety-relevant components of vehicles and should therefore be regularly checked for proper function. By servicing the brake system, any damage can be identified at an early stage, brake failure is effectively prevented and expensive repairs are avoided. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Storage Proper storage of tires In order to achieve the maximum possible service life of tires, a careful driving style and above all a professional storage is important. When changing the tires, a whole series of important points must be taken into account in order to avoid long-term damage to the tire and impairment of driving behavior. In addition to the correct ambient conditions and the optimal air pressure, the logical identification and a professional inspection of the tires should also be carried out, for example. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × HU / AU With our help safely through the main and exhaust gas inspection The recurring main inspection (HU) is a legally required test in Germany of the functionality and environmental compatibility of vehicles. Since 2010, the previous additional exhaust gas inspection (AU) has been part of the main inspection, which means that vehicle owners only have to have one test carried out. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Inspection Inspection by a specialist - for safety and a long car life Cars gather a variety of technical systems that are subject to high wear and tear due to the stresses of regular journeys, aging processes of the materials or weather conditions. For your safety, driving comfort and to avoid expensive repairs of consequential damage, it is important that your car is checked at regular intervals by an experienced automotive specialist. This service - the inspection - is available in our workshop for all brands and models. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Air-conditioning service Professional air-conditioning service made to measure The air-conditioning system is not one of the safety-relevant components of a vehicle, but still requires regular and thorough maintenance. This is the only way to ensure that the temperature of the interior works properly and that there are no harmful bacteria in the air conditioning system. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Oil change Professional oil change for maximum service life Oil is essential for the functionality and service life of internal combustion engines. Special motor oil acts primarily as a lubricant in vehicles, which protects the moving components of the engine against wear and ensures smooth operation. The quality of the oil also influences the efficiency of the combustion processes in the engine and thus also the fuel consumption of the vehicle. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire and wheel change Your competent partner for everything related to wheel and tire change The change of the wheel or tire is carried out for both cars and commercial vehicles in a seasonal rhythm in order to adapt the tires to the weather conditions. In winter conditions, appropriate tires are even required by law to ensure adequate liability in adverse road conditions. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire repairs Professional tire repairs Tires are one of the most stressed parts of a vehicle and are also safety-relevant components, the failure of which can have serious consequences. A regular check of the tire quality is therefore essential to ensure optimal safety and is carried out regularly by our experts. When storing tires and carrying out inspections, checking the tires for any damage is part of the service. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Seasonal check The seasonal check - safely through the season Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Shock absorber Have the shock absorber checked regularly Shock absorbers are safety-related components in the chassis and are responsible for reducing the vibrations that occur when driving over bumps allow. The component takes advantage of the hydraulic properties of oil to convert vibrational energy into heat and thus ensure that the damped vibration decays. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Balancing wheel balancing increases the service life Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close Wheel alignment Exhaust service Brake service Storage HU / AU inspection Air conditioning service Oil change Tire and wheel change Tire repairs Seasonal check Shock absorber balancing Member of 4FleetGDHSTire dealer BRV Goodyear Dunlop Fulda Sava