Imprint | Tires Russ Skip to content Tires Russ Navigation ☰ OffersRims Tires Tires & WheelsSummer Tires Winter Tires All Season Tires Tire Encyclopedia TPMS EU Tire Label Agriculture Motorcycle Truck Offroad Industry Gallery ServicesTire and Car Service Company Cars Tuning About Us News Home Imprint Imprint Tires Russ Emil-Schiffner-Str. 34 02779 Großschönau Germany E-Mail: info@reifen-russ.de Phone: +493584135263 Fax: +493584138390 Managing Director: Mr. Thomas Russ Address 01945 Guteborn Germany Mail address VAT ID: DE 815032670 Concept and realization aha! Agentur für Handelmarketing GmbH Legal information © 2020 Reifen Russ, Großschönau. All rights reserved. All information on the website is the property of Reifen Russ. They represent the latest information at the time of publication. Reifen Russ reserves the right to make changes, deletions or additions to the information or data provided if necessary. No legal claims can be derived from the subject areas described here. Offers are not binding in all parts. Neither Reifen Russ nor the subsidiaries are liable for any direct or indirect damage caused by the use of the information or data that can be found on this website. There are no rights and obligations between Reifen Russ and the user of the website or third parties. The place of performance and exclusive place of jurisdiction is Großschönau. Disclaimer Liability or guarantee for the topicality, correctness and completeness of the information and data provided is excluded. This also applies to all other websites to which reference is made by means of a hyperlink. Neither Russ Tires nor subsidiaries are responsible for the content of such sites. The information on the website in no way constitutes legal assurances. Copyright The content of the Reifen Russ website is protected by copyright. The content may not be reproduced, passed on and / or published or saved in an information system, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the author. All information or data, their use as well as all actions, toleration or omission connected with the website of Reifen Russ are subject exclusively to German law. Platform for online dispute resolution As of February 15, 2016, the EU Commission will provide a platform for out-of-court dispute resolution, giving consumers the opportunity to first resolve disputes in connection with your online order without involving a court. Consumer arbitration board The responsible consumer arbitration board is: General consumer arbitration board of the Center for Mediation e.V. Straßburger Straße 8 77694 Kehl am Rhein. Website: www.consumer-schlichter.de. However, we declare that we are neither willing nor obliged to participate in a dispute settlement procedure. Vacancies Contact Data protection Imprint ✎ Here is our current information Read more Cashback campaign Cashback campaign Fulda campaign 2019 Black driving with guarantee. Buy Fulda tires and get free tire protection for the next year Black driving with guarantee Goodyear campaign 2019 (Vector Protect) Change all-season tires now and ensure all-round protection. Vector Protector Card Our services × Wheel alignment Wheel alignment for perfect straight running An ideal axle geometry is of crucial importance for perfect straight running, high driving comfort and even wheel wear. If the axle geometry is only slightly adjusted, tracking errors occur and there are unpleasant side effects when driving: Available from: Tire Russ Read more Close × Exhaust service The competent exhaust service from a specialist The exhaust system in vehicles with a combustion engine takes on the task of ensuring that the exhaust gases from the combustion process are safe , environmentally friendly and quiet to the environment. The exhaust reduces the environmental and noise pollution and protects you and your surroundings from the emission of toxic exhaust gases. A defective exhaust system not only affects fuel consumption and can cause serious damage to the engine, but must also be avoided in the interests of environmental protection. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Brake service Professional brake service for a safe journey The brake system is one of the safety-relevant components of vehicles and should therefore be regularly checked for proper function. By servicing the brake system, any damage can be identified at an early stage, brake failure is effectively prevented and expensive repairs are avoided. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Storage Proper storage of tires In order to achieve the maximum possible service life of tires, a careful driving style and above all a professional storage is important. When changing the tires, a whole series of important points must be taken into account in order to avoid long-term damage to the tire and impairment of driving behavior. In addition to the correct ambient conditions and the optimal air pressure, the logical identification and a professional inspection of the tires should also be carried out, for example. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × HU / AU With our help safely through the main and exhaust gas inspection The recurring main inspection (HU) is a legally required test in Germany of the functionality and environmental compatibility of vehicles. Since 2010, the previous additional exhaust gas inspection (AU) has been part of the main inspection, which means that vehicle owners only have to have one test carried out. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Inspection Inspection by a specialist - for safety and a long car life Cars gather a variety of technical systems that are subject to high wear and tear due to the stresses of regular journeys, aging processes of the materials or weather conditions. For your safety, driving comfort and to avoid expensive repairs of consequential damage, it is important that your car is checked at regular intervals by an experienced automotive specialist. This service - the inspection - is available in our workshop for all brands and models. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Air-conditioning service Professional air-conditioning service made to measure The air-conditioning system is not one of the safety-relevant components of a vehicle, but still requires regular and thorough maintenance. This is the only way to ensure that the temperature of the interior works properly and that there are no harmful bacteria in the air conditioning system. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Oil change Professional oil change for maximum service life Oil is essential for the functionality and service life of internal combustion engines. Special motor oil acts primarily as a lubricant in vehicles, which protects the moving components of the engine against wear and ensures smooth operation. The quality of the oil also influences the efficiency of the combustion processes in the engine and thus also the fuel consumption of the vehicle. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire and wheel change Your competent partner for everything related to wheel and tire change The change of the wheel or tire is carried out for both cars and commercial vehicles in a seasonal rhythm in order to adapt the tires to the weather conditions. In winter conditions, appropriate tires are even required by law to ensure adequate liability in adverse road conditions. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire repairs Professional tire repairs Tires are one of the most stressed parts of a vehicle and are also safety-relevant components, the failure of which can have serious consequences. A regular check of the tire quality is therefore essential to ensure optimal safety and is carried out regularly by our experts. When storing tires and carrying out inspections, checking the tires for any damage is part of the service. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Seasonal check The seasonal check - safely through the season Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Shock absorber Have the shock absorber checked regularly Shock absorbers are safety-related components in the chassis and are responsible for reducing the vibrations that occur when driving over bumps allow. The component takes advantage of the hydraulic properties of oil to convert vibrational energy into heat and thus ensure that the damped vibration decays. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Balancing wheel balancing increases the service life Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close Wheel alignment Exhaust service Brake service Storage HU / AU inspection Air conditioning service Oil change Tire and wheel change Tire repairs Seasonal check Shock absorber balancing Member of 4FleetGDHSTire dealer BRV Goodyear Dunlop Fulda Sava