Balancing | Tires Russ Skip to content Tires Russ Navigation ☰ OffersRims Tires Tires & WheelsSummer Tires Winter Tires All Season Tires Tire Encyclopedia TPMS EU Tire Label Agriculture Motorcycle Truck Offroad Industry Gallery ServicesTire and Car Service Company Car Tuning About Us News Home Our Services for Car & Tire Balancing Balancing Wheel Balancing Increased the service life When the wheels of cars or commercial vehicles are changed seasonally, it is advisable to check the tires for any imbalance. An imbalance not only causes the wheels to run out of round, thereby reducing driving comfort, but also has an impact on the entire vehicle. A permanently unevenly distributed load when driving leads to asymmetrical load distribution and unilateral wear of the tire tread. In addition, the entire chassis of the car is loaded unevenly, which can make expensive repairs necessary. In our specialist workshop, we check the wheels of cars or commercial vehicles as standard for any imbalance before storage. In this way, we prevent uneven tire tread wear and enable the wheels to last as long as possible. If we detect an imbalance, our experienced specialists can ensure smooth running again using modern balancing machines. Our trained staff can quickly assess when balancing is required with a trained eye. How does an imbalance arise in the tire? In the case of cars or commercial vehicles, an imbalance is usually caused by uneven tire wear. The resulting different tread depth of the tires means that the mass of the rotating body, i.e. the wheel, is no longer symmetrical to the axis of rotation. This imbalance intensifies the effect of the uneven wear and causes a significant impairment of driving comfort in the long run. As a vehicle owner, you can easily notice an imbalance in the driving behavior of the car. A typical sign of an imbalance is a "fluttering" steering wheel, which goes hand in hand with a decrease in driving comfort. Above all at speeds between 80 and 120 km / h, the unbalance is also noticeable by the vehicle vibrating continuously. At high speeds, even very small imbalances on the tires have a strong impact on driving behavior due to the resulting centrifugal forces. An imbalance of around 10 grams causes a centrifugal force at a speed of around 100 km / h, which corresponds to a weight of 2.5 kg. This can result in uncontrolled steering movements and an uneven load on the chassis bearing components. We eliminate the imbalance in your tire Our experienced auto mechanics check your wheels for an imbalance in our specialist workshop and have the necessary equipment for balancing. As a rule, the stationary procedure is used to eliminate the unbalance. The tire is clamped on a balancing machine and set in rotation. Sensors analyze the course of the profile surfaces and assess whether there is an imbalance. If the wheels run unevenly, small weights are specifically attached to the rim. These weights compensate for the imbalance in the mass distribution and ensure smooth running. With the alternative electronic balancing used, the wheels remain attached to the vehicle during the check. This analysis method also takes into account the possibility of irregularities on the wheel hub or the brake drum. Regular checking of the wheels of cars or commercial vehicles for possible imbalance is of great importance to ensure the maximum service life. In addition, costly consequential damage to the chassis, wheel bearings or suspensions can be avoided. As a vehicle owner, you benefit from balancing in our specialist workshop from: higher mileage, higher driving comfort, more safety when driving Vacancies Contact Data protection Imprint ✎ Here is our current information Read more Buy Fulda tires and get free tire protection for the next year Black driving with guarantee Goodyear campaign 2019 (Vector Protect) Change all-season tires now and ensure all-round protection. Vector Protector Card Our services × Wheel alignment Wheel alignment for perfect straight running An ideal axle geometry is of crucial importance for perfect straight running, high driving comfort and even wheel wear. If the axle geometry is only slightly adjusted, tracking errors occur and there are unpleasant side effects when driving: Available from: Tire Russ Read more Close × Exhaust service The competent exhaust service from a specialist The exhaust system in vehicles with a combustion engine takes on the task of ensuring that the exhaust gases from the combustion process are safe , environmentally friendly and quiet to the environment. The exhaust reduces the environmental and noise pollution and protects you and your surroundings from the emission of toxic exhaust gases. A defective exhaust system not only affects fuel consumption and can cause serious damage to the engine, but must also be avoided in the interests of environmental protection. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Brake service Professional brake service for a safe journey The brake system is one of the safety-relevant components of vehicles and should therefore be regularly checked for proper function. By servicing the brake system, any damage can be identified at an early stage, brake failure is effectively prevented and expensive repairs are avoided. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Storage Proper storage of tires In order to achieve the maximum possible service life of tires, a careful driving style and above all a professional storage is important. When changing the tires, a whole series of important points must be taken into account in order to avoid long-term damage to the tire and impairment of driving behavior. In addition to the correct ambient conditions and the optimal air pressure, the logical identification and a professional inspection of the tires should also be carried out, for example. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × HU / AU With our help safely through the main and exhaust gas inspection The recurring main inspection (HU) is a legally required test in Germany of the functionality and environmental compatibility of vehicles. Since 2010, the previous additional exhaust gas inspection (AU) has been part of the main inspection, which means that vehicle owners only have to have one test carried out. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Inspection Inspection by a specialist - for safety and a long car life Cars gather a variety of technical systems that are subject to high wear and tear due to the stresses of regular journeys, aging processes of the materials or weather conditions. For your safety, driving comfort and to avoid expensive repairs of consequential damage, it is important that your car is checked at regular intervals by an experienced automotive specialist. This service - the inspection - is available in our workshop for all brands and models. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Air-conditioning service Professional air-conditioning service made to measure The air-conditioning system is not one of the safety-relevant components of a vehicle, but still requires regular and thorough maintenance. This is the only way to ensure that the temperature of the interior works properly and that there are no harmful bacteria in the air conditioning system. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Oil change Professional oil change for maximum service life Oil is essential for the functionality and service life of internal combustion engines. Special motor oil acts primarily as a lubricant in vehicles, which protects the moving components of the engine against wear and ensures smooth operation. The quality of the oil also influences the efficiency of the combustion processes in the engine and thus also the fuel consumption of the vehicle. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire and wheel change Your competent partner for everything related to wheel and tire change The change of the wheel or tire is carried out for both cars and commercial vehicles in a seasonal rhythm in order to adapt the tires to the weather conditions. In winter conditions, appropriate tires are even required by law to ensure adequate liability in adverse road conditions. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire repairs Professional tire repairs Tires are one of the most stressed parts of a vehicle and are also safety-relevant components, the failure of which can have serious consequences. A regular check of the tire quality is therefore essential to ensure optimal safety and is carried out regularly by our experts. When storing tires and carrying out inspections, checking the tires for any damage is part of the service. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Seasonal check The seasonal check - safely through the season Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Shock absorber Have the shock absorber checked regularly Shock absorbers are safety-related components in the chassis and are responsible for reducing the vibrations that occur when driving over bumps allow. The component takes advantage of the hydraulic properties of oil to convert vibrational energy into heat and thus ensure that the damped vibration decays. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Balancing wheel balancing increases the service life Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close Wheel alignment Exhaust service Brake service Storage HU / AU inspection Air conditioning service Oil change Tire and wheel change Tire repairs Seasonal check Shock absorber balancing Member of 4FleetGDHSTire dealer BRV Goodyear Dunlop Fulda Sava