Brake service | Tires Russ Skip to content Tires Russ Navigation ☰ OffersRims Tires Tires & WheelsSummer Tires Winter Tires All Season Tires Tire Encyclopedia TPMS EU Tire Label Agriculture Motorcycle Truck Offroad Industry Gallery ServicesTire and Car Service Company Cars Tuning About Us News Home Our Services for Cars & Tires Brake Service Brake Service Professional brake service for one Safe driving The brake system is one of the safety-relevant components of vehicles and should therefore be regularly checked for proper function. By servicing the brake system, any damage can be identified at an early stage, brake failure is effectively prevented and expensive repairs are avoided. In our specialist workshop we offer you a competent and comprehensive brake service. Our qualified auto mechanics check brake discs, pads, brake fluid and all seals using modern methods and ensure the functionality of the system. Since many of the components of the brake system are functionally worn parts, regular maintenance and inspection is a basic requirement for a safe journey. Brake system components When braking, the driver operates the vehicle's brake pedal, which directs brake fluid to the brake cylinder and caliper. This hydraulic pressure build-up creates a frictional effect between the brake discs and the brake lining, which causes negative acceleration and thereby reduces the speed of the vehicle. Enormous temperatures and compressive forces occur during the braking process, causing wear on the components involved, such as the brake pads and brake discs. The stronger the braking process, the greater the wear and the shorter the service life of the braking system. A forward-looking driving style can significantly extend the life expectancy of brake pads and brake discs. If you would like to have your brake system checked for functionality by an expert, you are welcome to drop in at our specialist workshop. We use modern methods to examine the safety-relevant components of the system and replace worn components if necessary. Our brake service - the range of services Our popular brake service includes the testing of all important components of the brake system. Starting with the brake disc through the brake pads and the seals to the brake pedal, we look at the entire system with a trained eye. The brake discs are usually made of gray cast iron and are therefore more resistant than the brake pads. Our experts recommend that you replace the brake discs every second time you change the pads to ensure maximum system life and maximum safety. The manufacturer defines the wear limit for brake discs by specifying a minimum thickness. As part of the brake service, we check the thickness of the disc and replace the component if necessary. If the brake pads are not replaced in good time due to high wear, the brake discs can be affected. An early replacement of the pads therefore saves any repair costs. From a safety point of view, the brake fluid also plays a decisive role in the brake system. It transfers the enormous hydraulic forces from the brake pedal via the brake lines to the cylinder. Regular maintenance is recommended as the liquid becomes air-enriched over time and the braking effect therefore decreases. In addition, brake fluid enriched with oxygen can also lead to corrosion on other components. You can determine increased wear on your brake system, among other things, by the following features: The brake warning light on the dashboard lights up The brake pedal reacts with a delay The braking effect noticeably decreases The braking process causes rubbing or squeaking noises Job offers Contact Data protection Imprint ✎ Here is our current information Read more Cashback campaign Cashback -Action Fulda campaign 2019 illegal driving with guarantee. Buy Fulda tires and get free tire protection for the next year Black driving with guarantee Goodyear campaign 2019 (Vector Protect) Change all-season tires now and ensure all-round protection. Vector Protector Card Our services × Wheel alignment Wheel alignment for perfect straight running An ideal axle geometry is of crucial importance for perfect straight running, high driving comfort and even wheel wear. If the axle geometry is only slightly adjusted, tracking errors occur and there are unpleasant side effects when driving: Available from: Tire Russ Read more Close × Exhaust service The competent exhaust service from a specialist The exhaust system in vehicles with a combustion engine takes on the task of ensuring that the exhaust gases from the combustion process are safe , environmentally friendly and quiet to the environment. The exhaust reduces the environmental and noise pollution and protects you and your surroundings from the emission of toxic exhaust gases. A defective exhaust system not only affects fuel consumption and can cause serious damage to the engine, but must also be avoided in the interests of environmental protection. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Brake service Professional brake service for a safe journey The brake system is one of the safety-relevant components of vehicles and should therefore be regularly checked for proper function. By servicing the brake system, any damage can be identified at an early stage, brake failure is effectively prevented and expensive repairs are avoided. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Storage Proper storage of tires In order to achieve the maximum possible service life of tires, a careful driving style and above all a professional storage is important. When changing the tires, a whole series of important points must be taken into account in order to avoid long-term damage to the tire and impairment of driving behavior. In addition to the correct ambient conditions and the optimal air pressure, the logical identification and a professional inspection of the tires should also be carried out, for example. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × HU / AU With our help safely through the main and exhaust gas inspection The recurring main inspection (HU) is a legally required test in Germany of the functionality and environmental compatibility of vehicles. Since 2010, the previous additional exhaust gas inspection (AU) has been part of the main inspection, which means that vehicle owners only have to have one test carried out. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Inspection Inspection by a specialist - for safety and a long car life Cars gather a variety of technical systems that are subject to high wear and tear due to the stresses of regular journeys, aging processes of the materials or weather conditions. For your safety, driving comfort and to avoid expensive repairs of consequential damage, it is important that your car is checked at regular intervals by an experienced automotive specialist. This service - the inspection - is available in our workshop for all brands and models. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Air-conditioning service Professional air-conditioning service made to measure The air-conditioning system is not one of the safety-relevant components of a vehicle, but still requires regular and thorough maintenance. This is the only way to ensure that the temperature of the interior works properly and that there are no harmful bacteria in the air conditioning system. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Oil change Professional oil change for maximum service life Oil is essential for the functionality and service life of internal combustion engines. Special motor oil acts primarily as a lubricant in vehicles, which protects the moving components of the engine against wear and ensures smooth operation. The quality of the oil also influences the efficiency of the combustion processes in the engine and thus also the fuel consumption of the vehicle. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire and wheel change Your competent partner for everything related to wheel and tire change The change of the wheel or tire is carried out for both cars and commercial vehicles in a seasonal rhythm in order to adapt the tires to the weather conditions. In winter conditions, appropriate tires are even required by law to ensure adequate liability in adverse road conditions. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire repairs Professional tire repairs Tires are one of the most stressed parts of a vehicle and are also safety-relevant components, the failure of which can have serious consequences. A regular check of the tire quality is therefore essential to ensure optimal safety and is carried out regularly by our experts. When storing tires and carrying out inspections, checking the tires for any damage is part of the service. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Seasonal check The seasonal check - safely through the season Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Shock absorber Have the shock absorber checked regularly Shock absorbers are safety-related components in the chassis and are responsible for reducing the vibrations that occur when driving over bumps allow. The component takes advantage of the hydraulic properties of oil to convert vibrational energy into heat and thus ensure that the damped vibration decays. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Balancing wheel balancing increases the service life Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close Wheel alignment Exhaust service Brake service Storage HU / AU inspection Air conditioning service Oil change Tire and wheel change Tire repairs Seasonal check Shock absorber balancing Member of 4FleetGDHSTire dealer BRV Goodyear Dunlop Fulda Sava