Agricultural tires | Tires Russ Skip to content Tires Russ Navigation ☰ OffersRims Tires Tires & WheelsSummer Tires Winter Tires All Season Tires Tire Encyclopedia TPMS EU Tire Label Agriculture Motorcycle Truck Offroad Industry Gallery ServicesTire and Car Service Company Cars Tuning About Us News Home Tires & Wheels Agriculture Agriculture High-quality agricultural tires for every need Agricultural tires Vehicles must meet the highest requirements due to the demanding surface. In comparison to conventional road tires, the profiles of agricultural vehicles are significantly more pronounced and can therefore be used especially on rough terrain in the field. When choosing suitable tires for agricultural vehicles, many other factors are important, such as durability, protection of the soil and fuel consumption. Last but not least, driving comfort is of crucial importance, as the farmer often has to spend the whole day in his tractor or tractor. The tire experts of our specialist workshop have extensive experience in dealing with agricultural tires and advise you competently and reliably in the selection of the right tires. Regular maintenance and inspections as well as demanding repair services round off our range of services for agricultural tires. If you are looking for a reliable partner for the tires of your vehicles, our workshop is the right address. That's what matters with agricultural tires. We have a large range of tires for a wide variety of vehicles and applications. The spectrum ranges from large tractors to powerful harvesting machines and from careful tillage to effective and fast harvesting. When it comes to agricultural work in the field, the most important thing is for the vehicle to compact the soil as little as possible. Too much compaction can result in lower crop yields and should therefore be avoided at all costs. Over the entire life cycle of the plants, it is important to protect the soil with the help of suitable tires. So-called high flotation tires can be driven, for example, with a comparatively low tire inflation pressure, which protects the sensitive soil. Vehicles with a tire pressure control system can control the pressure in the tire using a device and optimally adapt it to the respective application. We also offer the High Capacity (HC) tires for applications with particularly high load capacities. We also have special Super Flexion Tires (SFT tires). Basically, it is advisable to choose a tire that is as wide as possible for sensitive floors. The larger the circumferential area of ​​the tire, the larger the area over which the load is distributed while driving. A large wing also means a low floor load. The right tires for tractors, harvesters, trailers or other agricultural vehicles have a major impact on the productivity of Argrar companies. Our experts will therefore be happy to advise you on the right tires for your vehicles and, on request, are also happy to take on various services relating to tires. High-quality agricultural tires for every need The tires on agricultural vehicles have to meet the highest requirements due to the demanding surface. In comparison to conventional road tires, the profiles of agricultural vehicles are significantly more pronounced and can therefore be used especially on rough terrain in the field. When choosing suitable tires for agricultural vehicles, many other factors are important, such as durability, protection of the soil and fuel consumption. Last but not least, driving comfort is of crucial importance, as the farmer often has to spend the whole day in his tractor or tractor. The tire experts of our specialist workshop have extensive experience in dealing with agricultural tires and advise you competently and reliably in the selection of the right tires. Regular maintenance and inspections as well as demanding repair services round off our range of services for agricultural tires. If you are looking for a reliable partner for the tires of your vehicles, our workshop is the right address. That's what matters with agricultural tires. We have a large range of tires for a wide variety of vehicles and applications. The spectrum ranges from large tractors to powerful harvesting machines and from careful tillage to effective and fast harvesting. When it comes to agricultural work in the field, the most important thing is for the vehicle to compact the soil as little as possible. Too much compaction can result in lower crop yields and should therefore be avoided at all costs. Over the entire life cycle of the plants, it is important to protect the soil with the help of suitable tires. So-called high flotation tires can be driven, for example, with a comparatively low tire inflation pressure, which protects the sensitive soil. Vehicles with a tire pressure control system can control the pressure in the tire using a device and optimally adapt it to the respective application. We also offer the High Capacity (HC) tires for applications with particularly high load capacities. We also have special Super Flexion Tires (SFT tires). Basically, it is advisable to choose a tire that is as wide as possible for sensitive floors. The larger the circumferential area of ​​the tire, the larger the area over which the load is distributed while driving. A large wing also means a low floor load. The right tires for tractors, harvesters, trailers or other agricultural vehicles have a major impact on the productivity of Argrar companies. Our experts will therefore be happy to advise you on the right tires for your vehicles and, on request, are also happy to take on various services relating to tires. Vacancies Contact Data protection Imprint ✎ Here is our current information Read more Cashback campaign Cashback campaign Fulda campaign 2019 Black driving with guarantee. Buy Fulda tires and get free tire protection for the next year Black driving with guarantee Goodyear campaign 2019 (Vector Protect) Change all-season tires now and ensure all-round protection. Vector Protector Card Our services × Wheel alignment Wheel alignment for perfect straight running An ideal axle geometry is of crucial importance for perfect straight running, high driving comfort and even wheel wear. If the axle geometry is only slightly adjusted, tracking errors occur and there are unpleasant side effects when driving: Available from: Tire Russ Read more Close × Exhaust service The competent exhaust service from a specialist The exhaust system in vehicles with a combustion engine takes on the task of ensuring that the exhaust gases from the combustion process are safe , environmentally friendly and quiet to the environment. The exhaust reduces the environmental and noise pollution and protects you and your surroundings from the emission of toxic exhaust gases. A defective exhaust system not only affects fuel consumption and can cause serious damage to the engine, but must also be avoided in the interests of environmental protection. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Brake service Professional brake service for a safe journey The brake system is one of the safety-relevant components of vehicles and should therefore be regularly checked for proper function. By servicing the brake system, any damage can be identified at an early stage, brake failure is effectively prevented and expensive repairs are avoided. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Storage Proper storage of tires In order to achieve the maximum possible service life of tires, a careful driving style and above all a professional storage is important. When changing the tires, a whole series of important points must be taken into account in order to avoid long-term damage to the tire and impairment of driving behavior. In addition to the correct ambient conditions and the optimal air pressure, the logical identification and a professional inspection of the tires should also be carried out, for example. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × HU / AU With our help safely through the main and exhaust gas inspection The recurring main inspection (HU) is a legally required test in Germany of the functionality and environmental compatibility of vehicles. Since 2010, the previous additional exhaust gas inspection (AU) has been part of the main inspection, which means that vehicle owners only have to have one test carried out. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Inspection Inspection by a specialist - for safety and a long car life Cars gather a variety of technical systems that are subject to high wear and tear due to the stresses of regular journeys, aging processes of the materials or weather conditions. For your safety, driving comfort and to avoid expensive repairs of consequential damage, it is important that your car is checked at regular intervals by an experienced automotive specialist. This service - the inspection - is available in our workshop for all brands and models. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Air-conditioning service Professional air-conditioning service made to measure The air-conditioning system is not one of the safety-relevant components of a vehicle, but still requires regular and thorough maintenance. This is the only way to ensure that the temperature of the interior works properly and that there are no harmful bacteria in the air conditioning system. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Oil change Professional oil change for maximum service life Oil is essential for the functionality and service life of internal combustion engines. Special motor oil acts primarily as a lubricant in vehicles, which protects the moving components of the engine against wear and ensures smooth operation. The quality of the oil also influences the efficiency of the combustion processes in the engine and thus also the fuel consumption of the vehicle. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire and wheel change Your competent partner for everything related to wheel and tire change The change of the wheel or tire is carried out for both cars and commercial vehicles in a seasonal rhythm in order to adapt the tires to the weather conditions. In winter conditions, appropriate tires are even required by law to ensure adequate liability in adverse road conditions. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire repairs Professional tire repairs Tires are one of the most stressed parts of a vehicle and are also safety-relevant components, the failure of which can have serious consequences. A regular check of the tire quality is therefore essential to ensure optimal safety and is carried out regularly by our experts. When storing tires and carrying out inspections, checking the tires for any damage is part of the service. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Seasonal check The seasonal check - safely through the season Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Shock absorber Have the shock absorber checked regularly Shock absorbers are safety-related components in the chassis and are responsible for reducing the vibrations that occur when driving over bumps allow. The component takes advantage of the hydraulic properties of oil to convert vibrational energy into heat and thus ensure that the damped vibration decays. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Balancing wheel balancing increases the service life Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close Wheel alignment Exhaust service Brake service Storage HU / AU inspection Air conditioning service Oil change Tire and wheel change Tire repairs Seasonal check Shock absorber balancing Member of 4FleetGDHSTire dealer BRV Goodyear Dunlop Fulda Sava