Tires & Wheels | Tires Russ Skip to content Tires Russ Navigation ☰ OffersRims Tires Tires & WheelsSummer Tires Winter Tires All Season Tires Encyclopedia TPMS EU Tire Label Agriculture Motorcycle Truck Offroad Industry Gallery ServicesTire and Car Service Company Cars Tuning About Us News Home Tires & Wheels Tires & Wheels The high-tech product tires demands the right service The tire is an important part of driving safety because it is the only contact surface with the road. It has the task of sticking safely on the street and absorbing and transferring all the forces acting on it. In addition, the wheels contribute significantly to the driving comfort of the vehicle. To maintain driving safety and comfort, the specialist recommends changing summer tires with a tread depth of 3 mm and winter tires with 4 mm. At the latest, however, replacement is legally required for a profile of 1.6 mm. The condition of the tire is therefore particularly important. We offer you numerous tire services and a wide range of different branded tires and rims. Find out more on site and convince yourself of our products! Summer tires Why summer tires? In the warm season, eight out of ten drivers rely on maximum safety with summer tires specially optimized for the season. They are driven at temperatures above plus seven degrees Celsius on average from Easter to October - from top to bottom. These summer tires are made from hard rubber compounds. Higher ... Read more Winter tires Snow-covered, icy or just wet roads with low outside temperatures reduce the grip of tires. This is especially true for summer tires, as their hard rubber compound and the special profile of the tires are not suitable for these weather conditions. Winter tires, on the other hand, are specially designed for temperatures below seven degrees Celsius, ice ... Read more All-season tires All-season tires - for a safe journey All-season tires are also known as all-weather tires and are designed to be used both in summer and in winter. From a technical point of view, the type of tire represents a compromise between low-consumption summer tires and winter tires designed for adverse road conditions. The ... Read more TPMS Read more EU tire label eu-reifenlabel.jpg The tire label of the European Union With the entry into force of the EU regulation on the labeling of Tire manufacturers must state the measured values ​​on a label. The regulation in Article 4, Paragraph 1 of EU Regulation No. 1222/2009 ... Read more Agriculture High-quality agricultural tires for every need The tires on agricultural vehicles must meet the highest requirements due to the demanding surface. Compared to conventional road tires, the profiles of agricultural vehicles are significantly more pronounced and can therefore be used especially on difficult terrain in the field ... Read more Motorbike The ideal motorcycle tires for driving fun and safety Compared to cars, the tires on motorcycles play an even greater role from a safety perspective . Motorized two-wheelers are only in contact with the road at two points, so that liability to the road must meet the highest standards. When choosing the right ... Read more Trucks Professional truck service for your fleet The management and operation of a truck fleet requires good organization, technical expertise and regular maintenance and inspections. As an experienced service provider for companies with large truck fleets, we can offer you a large part of the work related to your vehicle fleet at low cost ... Read more Offroad off-road tires for driving fun off the road So-called sport utility vehicles are more commonly known as SUVs currently very trendy. SUVs combine top-class driving comfort with powerful drive power and great ground clearance. The all-round talents can be found both in city traffic and on ... Read more The high-tech product Tires require the right service Tires are an important part of driving safety because they are the only contact surface with the road. It has the task of sticking safely on the street and absorbing and transferring all the forces acting on it. In addition, the wheels contribute significantly to the driving comfort of the vehicle. To maintain driving safety and comfort, the specialist recommends changing summer tires with a tread depth of 3 mm and winter tires with 4 mm. At the latest, however, replacement is legally required for a profile of 1.6 mm. The condition of the tire is therefore particularly important. We offer you numerous tire services and a wide range of different branded tires and rims. Find out more on site and convince yourself of our products! Vacancies Contact Data protection Imprint ✎ Here is our current information Read more Cashback campaign Cashback campaign Fulda campaign 2019 Black driving with guarantee. Buy Fulda tires and get free tire protection for the next year Black driving with guarantee Goodyear campaign 2019 (Vector Protect) Change all-season tires now and ensure all-round protection. Vector Protector Card Our services × Wheel alignment Wheel alignment for perfect straight running An ideal axle geometry is of crucial importance for perfect straight running, high driving comfort and even wheel wear. If the axle geometry is only slightly adjusted, tracking errors occur and there are unpleasant side effects when driving: Available from: Tire Russ Read more Close × Exhaust service The competent exhaust service from a specialist The exhaust system in vehicles with a combustion engine takes on the task of ensuring that the exhaust gases from the combustion process are safe , environmentally friendly and quiet to the environment. The exhaust reduces the environmental and noise pollution and protects you and your surroundings from the emission of toxic exhaust gases. A defective exhaust system not only affects fuel consumption and can cause serious damage to the engine, but must also be avoided in the interests of environmental protection. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Brake service Professional brake service for a safe journey The brake system is one of the safety-relevant components of vehicles and should therefore be regularly checked for proper function. By servicing the brake system, any damage can be identified at an early stage, brake failure is effectively prevented and expensive repairs are avoided. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Storage Proper storage of tires In order to achieve the maximum possible service life of tires, a careful driving style and above all a professional storage is important. When changing the tires, a whole series of important points must be taken into account in order to avoid long-term damage to the tire and impairment of driving behavior. In addition to the correct ambient conditions and the optimal air pressure, the logical identification and a professional inspection of the tires should also be carried out, for example. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × HU / AU With our help safely through the main and exhaust gas inspection The recurring main inspection (HU) is a legally required test in Germany of the functionality and environmental compatibility of vehicles. Since 2010, the previous additional exhaust gas inspection (AU) has been part of the main inspection, which means that vehicle owners only have to have one test carried out. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Inspection Inspection by a specialist - for safety and a long car life Cars gather a variety of technical systems that are subject to high wear and tear due to the stresses of regular journeys, aging processes of the materials or weather conditions. For your safety, driving comfort and to avoid expensive repairs of consequential damage, it is important that your car is checked at regular intervals by an experienced automotive specialist. This service - the inspection - is available in our workshop for all brands and models. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Air-conditioning service Professional air-conditioning service made to measure The air-conditioning system is not one of the safety-relevant components of a vehicle, but still requires regular and thorough maintenance. This is the only way to ensure that the temperature of the interior works properly and that there are no harmful bacteria in the air conditioning system. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Oil change Professional oil change for maximum service life Oil is essential for the functionality and service life of internal combustion engines. Special motor oil acts primarily as a lubricant in vehicles, which protects the moving components of the engine against wear and ensures smooth operation. The quality of the oil also influences the efficiency of the combustion processes in the engine and thus also the fuel consumption of the vehicle. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire and wheel change Your competent partner for everything related to wheel and tire change The change of the wheel or tire is carried out for both cars and commercial vehicles in a seasonal rhythm in order to adapt the tires to the weather conditions. In winter conditions, appropriate tires are even required by law to ensure adequate liability in adverse road conditions. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire repairs Professional tire repairs Tires are one of the most stressed parts of a vehicle and are also safety-relevant components, the failure of which can have serious consequences. A regular check of the tire quality is therefore essential to ensure optimal safety and is carried out regularly by our experts. When storing tires and carrying out inspections, checking the tires for any damage is part of the service. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Seasonal check The seasonal check - safely through the season Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Shock absorber Have the shock absorber checked regularly Shock absorbers are safety-related components in the chassis and are responsible for reducing the vibrations that occur when driving over bumps allow. The component takes advantage of the hydraulic properties of oil to convert vibrational energy into heat and thus ensure that the damped vibration decays. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Balancing wheel balancing increases the service life Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close Wheel alignment Exhaust service Brake service Storage HU / AU inspection Air conditioning service Oil change Tire and wheel change Tire repairs Seasonal check Shock absorber balancing Member of 4FleetGDHSTire dealer BRV Goodyear Dunlop Fulda Sava