Motorcycle | Tires Russ Skip to content Tires Russ Navigation ☰ OffersRims Tires Tires & WheelsSummer Tires Winter Tires All Season Tires Tire Encyclopedia TPMS EU Tire Label Agriculture Motorcycle Truck Offroad Industry Gallery ServicesTire and Car Service Company Cars Tuning About Us News Home Tires & Wheels Motorbike Motorbike The ideal motorcycle tires for driving fun and safety Compared to cars, the tires in motorcycles play an even greater role from a safety point of view. Motorized two-wheelers are only in contact with the road at two points, so that liability to the road must meet the highest standards. When choosing the right motorcycle tires, safety is therefore the top priority. A wide range of aspects need to be taken into account, from key technical data such as the tire circumference and diameter to the tire tread and speed index to the load index. Last but not least, the personal preference of the motorcyclist also plays a decisive role when buying new tires. We would be happy to advise you in our specialist workshop on the purchase of new motorcycle tires. Our experts know what is important when buying tires and recommend models that perfectly match your machine and your driving style. This is hidden behind the tire lettering The lettering on the side wall of motorcycle tires is similar to that of cars and provides information about the technical key data of the tires. A typical identification of a motorcycle tire could be 180/55 ZR 17 M / C (73W) TL, for example, and can be broken down as follows: 180 tire width in mm 55 cross-sectional ratio in percent (height of the tire flank to the width) ZR tire type, "ZR" stands for reinforced tires for high speeds 17 Indicates the diameter of the rims in inches M / C Indicates that the tires are only suitable for motorcycles 73 Load capacity index, provides information about the load capacity of the tires W Speed ​​index, can be converted using a table TL Stands for "tubeless" and refers to tubeless tires. While some of these key figures and properties are mandatory when selecting motorcycle tires, you can take your personal preference into account for other key figures. Our experts for motorcycle tires will advise you in our specialist workshop and show you the advantages and disadvantages of different models. We will of course also be happy to order and assemble the new tires. The right motorcycle tires for every driver type In our range, we have many different motorcycle tires that are suitable for different road conditions and driver types. On-road classic road tires are also known as on-road motorcycle tires and are perfect for cruisers, high-performance machines and many other motorcycles that are driven on well-paved roads. On / Off-Road For those who drive on the road as well as sprinkle on rough terrain over hill and dale, on / off tires represent the perfect combination of road and off-road tires. Off-road For experienced motocross riders offer high-quality off-road tires with a grippy tread and the highest demands on the material. With the tires specially designed for the terrain, you can tackle a wide variety of challenges, from motocross tracks to enduro courses and beach races. Scooter If you want to take it a little slower and are mainly in city traffic, the scooter is the economical and safe alternative to a motorcycle. We have a wide range of tires with optimal mileage and wet grip for scooter riders. The ideal motorcycle tires for driving fun and safety Compared to cars, the tires in motorcycles play an even greater role from a safety perspective. Motorized two-wheelers are only in contact with the road at two points, so that liability to the road must meet the highest standards. When choosing the right motorcycle tires, safety is therefore the top priority. A wide range of aspects need to be taken into account, from key technical data such as the tire circumference and diameter to the tire tread and speed index to the load index. Last but not least, the personal preference of the motorcyclist also plays a decisive role when buying new tires. We would be happy to advise you in our specialist workshop on the purchase of new motorcycle tires. Our experts know what is important when buying tires and recommend models that perfectly match your machine and your driving style. This is hidden behind the tire lettering The lettering on the side wall of motorcycle tires is similar to that of cars and provides information about the technical key data of the tires. A typical identification of a motorcycle tire could be 180/55 ZR 17 M / C (73W) TL, for example, and can be broken down as follows: 180 tire width in mm 55 cross-sectional ratio in percent (height of the tire flank to the width) ZR tire type, "ZR" stands for reinforced tires for high speeds 17 Indicates the diameter of the rims in inches M / C Indicates that the tires are only suitable for motorcycles 73 Load capacity index, provides information about the load capacity of the tires W Speed ​​index, can be converted using a table TL Stands for "tubeless" and refers to tubeless tires. While some of these key figures and properties are mandatory when selecting motorcycle tires, you can take your personal preference into account for other key figures. Our experts for motorcycle tires will advise you in our specialist workshop and show you the advantages and disadvantages of different models. We will of course also be happy to order and assemble the new tires. The right motorcycle tires for every driver type In our range, we have many different motorcycle tires that are suitable for different road conditions and driver types. On-road classic road tires are also known as on-road motorcycle tires and are perfect for cruisers, high-performance machines and many other motorcycles that are driven on well-paved roads. On / Off-Road For those who drive on the road as well as sprinkle on rough terrain over hill and dale, on / off tires represent the perfect combination of road and off-road tires. Off-road For experienced motocross riders offer high-quality off-road tires with a grippy tread and the highest demands on the material. With the tires specially designed for the terrain, you can tackle a wide variety of challenges, from motocross tracks to enduro courses and beach races. Scooter If you want to take it a little slower and are mainly in city traffic, the scooter is the economical and safe alternative to a motorcycle. We have a wide range of tires with optimal mileage and wet grip for scooter riders. Vacancies Contact Data protection Imprint ✎ Here is our current information Read more Cashback campaign Cashback campaign Fulda campaign 2019 Black driving with guarantee. Buy Fulda tires and get free tire protection for the next year Black driving with guarantee Goodyear campaign 2019 (Vector Protect) Change all-season tires now and ensure all-round protection. Vector Protector Card Our services × Wheel alignment Wheel alignment for perfect straight running An ideal axle geometry is of crucial importance for perfect straight running, high driving comfort and even wheel wear. If the axle geometry is only slightly adjusted, tracking errors occur and there are unpleasant side effects when driving: Available from: Tire Russ Read more Close × Exhaust service The competent exhaust service from a specialist The exhaust system in vehicles with a combustion engine takes on the task of ensuring that the exhaust gases from the combustion process are safe , environmentally friendly and quiet to the environment. The exhaust reduces the environmental and noise pollution and protects you and your surroundings from the emission of toxic exhaust gases. A defective exhaust system not only affects fuel consumption and can cause serious damage to the engine, but must also be avoided in the interests of environmental protection. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Brake service Professional brake service for a safe journey The brake system is one of the safety-relevant components of vehicles and should therefore be regularly checked for proper function. By servicing the brake system, any damage can be identified at an early stage, brake failure is effectively prevented and expensive repairs are avoided. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Storage Proper storage of tires In order to achieve the maximum possible service life of tires, a careful driving style and above all a professional storage is important. When changing the tires, a whole series of important points must be taken into account in order to avoid long-term damage to the tire and impairment of driving behavior. In addition to the correct ambient conditions and the optimal air pressure, the logical identification and a professional inspection of the tires should also be carried out, for example. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × HU / AU With our help safely through the main and exhaust gas inspection The recurring main inspection (HU) is a legally required test in Germany of the functionality and environmental compatibility of vehicles. Since 2010, the previous additional exhaust gas inspection (AU) has been part of the main inspection, which means that vehicle owners only have to have one test carried out. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Inspection Inspection by a specialist - for safety and a long car life Cars gather a variety of technical systems that are subject to high wear and tear due to the stresses of regular journeys, aging processes of the materials or weather conditions. For your safety, driving comfort and to avoid expensive repairs of consequential damage, it is important that your car is checked at regular intervals by an experienced automotive specialist. This service - the inspection - is available in our workshop for all brands and models. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Air-conditioning service Professional air-conditioning service made to measure The air-conditioning system is not one of the safety-relevant components of a vehicle, but still requires regular and thorough maintenance. This is the only way to ensure that the temperature of the interior works properly and that there are no harmful bacteria in the air conditioning system. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Oil change Professional oil change for maximum service life Oil is essential for the functionality and service life of internal combustion engines. Special motor oil acts primarily as a lubricant in vehicles, which protects the moving components of the engine against wear and ensures smooth operation. The quality of the oil also influences the efficiency of the combustion processes in the engine and thus also the fuel consumption of the vehicle. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire and wheel change Your competent partner for everything related to wheel and tire change The change of the wheel or tire is carried out for both cars and commercial vehicles in a seasonal rhythm in order to adapt the tires to the weather conditions. In winter conditions, appropriate tires are even required by law to ensure adequate liability in adverse road conditions. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire repairs Professional tire repairs Tires are one of the most stressed parts of a vehicle and are also safety-relevant components, the failure of which can have serious consequences. A regular check of the tire quality is therefore essential to ensure optimal safety and is carried out regularly by our experts. When storing tires and carrying out inspections, checking the tires for any damage is part of the service. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Seasonal check The seasonal check - safely through the season Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Shock absorber Have the shock absorber checked regularly Shock absorbers are safety-related components in the chassis and are responsible for reducing the vibrations that occur when driving over bumps allow. The component takes advantage of the hydraulic properties of oil to convert vibrational energy into heat and thus ensure that the damped vibration decays. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Balancing wheel balancing increases the service life Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close Wheel alignment Exhaust service Brake service Storage HU / AU inspection Air conditioning service Oil change Tire and wheel change Tire repairs Seasonal check Shock absorber balancing Member of 4FleetGDHSTire dealer BRV Goodyear Dunlop Fulda Sava