Tire pressure monitoring system (TPMS) | Tires Russ Skip to content Tires Russ Navigation ☰ OffersRims Tires Tires & WheelsSummer Tires Winter Tires All Season Tires Encyclopedia TPMS EU Tire Label Agriculture Motorcycle Truck Offroad Industry Gallery ServicesTire and Car Service Company Cars Tuning About Us News Home Tires & Wheels TPMS TPMS New Tires or Tire Change with Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS ) Tire pressure control systems - TPMS for short and sometimes also called TPMS for Tire Pressure Monitoring System - used to be a comfortable vehicle extra. Since November 2014, they have been mandatory under the EU regulation for all newly registered cars, SUVs and motor homes in the EU. It is not necessary to retrofit end-of-life vehicles, but of course the TPMS has an impact on tire changes or the use of new tires for all recent years. What are the advantages of a tire pressure monitoring system? The reason for the mandatory equipment of all new vehicles lies in traffic safety. The electronic tire pressure monitor immediately informs drivers if the rubber has too little air and needs to be refilled. Too little air pressure, for example, reduces the braking distance and increases the risk of accidents. The TPMS offers you even more advantages. You always drive at the optimal tire pressure, which keeps your fuel consumption low. The tires then wear much more slowly and therefore last longer. At the same time, the vehicle's CO² emissions decrease, which is good news for our environment. And finally: with this helper at your side, you no longer have to think about air pressure control yourself and can save yourself a lot of precautionary trips to the petrol station because the system shows you that everything is still in perfect order. How does a TPMS work? A tire pressure monitoring system can work directly or indirectly. The direct TPMS uses special valves with sensors that continuously record the tire pressure and temperature and transmit it to the on-board computer. It then shows the measured pressure in bar for all tires and warns of deviations. Here you rarely have to go to the next air pressure device to fill up with air. With indirect TPMS, the ABS sensors take over the air pressure control. However, this variant does not provide an exact air pressure in bar and only warns with an illuminated display when the air pressure is clearly too low. With an indirect TPMS, you still have to check the air pressure more often, but you save the special valves with sensor equipment for new tires. Tire pressure monitoring system in our tire workshop As a tire professional, our tire and automotive master workshop has of course long since prepared for the special requirements of tires with TPMS. You will receive from us new tires or a tire change for all TPMS vehicles in which we tune, train and adjust tires and valves exactly to your control system. If additional valves with sensors for a second wheel set are required or new tires require teaching the valves, this initially increases your costs somewhat, but the small additional expense at the beginning quickly pays off again later when the vehicle is running. With the tire pressure monitoring system, come straight to the experienced specialist for tires and TPMS. Come to us and reserve an appointment right away. New tires or tire changes with a tire pressure monitoring system (TPMS) Tire pressure monitoring systems - TPMS for short, and sometimes also called TPMS for Tire Pressure Monitoring System - used to be a comfortable vehicle extra. Since November 2014, they have been mandatory under the EU regulation for all newly registered cars, SUVs and motor homes in the EU. It is not necessary to retrofit end-of-life vehicles, but of course the TPMS has an impact on tire changes or the use of new tires for all recent years. What are the advantages of a tire pressure monitoring system? The reason for the mandatory equipment of all new vehicles lies in traffic safety. The electronic tire pressure monitor immediately informs drivers if the rubber has too little air and needs to be refilled. Too little air pressure, for example, reduces the braking distance and increases the risk of accidents. The TPMS offers you even more advantages. You always drive at the optimal tire pressure, which keeps your fuel consumption low. The tires then wear much more slowly and therefore last longer. At the same time, the vehicle's CO² emissions decrease, which is good news for our environment. And finally: with this helper at your side, you no longer have to think about air pressure control yourself and can save yourself a lot of precautionary trips to the petrol station because the system shows you that everything is still in perfect order. How does a TPMS work? A tire pressure monitoring system can work directly or indirectly. The direct TPMS uses special valves with sensors that continuously record the tire pressure and temperature and transmit it to the on-board computer. It then shows the measured pressure in bar for all tires and warns of deviations. Here you rarely have to go to the next air pressure device to fill up with air. With indirect TPMS, the ABS sensors take over the air pressure control. However, this variant does not provide an exact air pressure in bar and only warns with an illuminated display when the air pressure is clearly too low. With an indirect TPMS, you still have to check the air pressure more often, but you save the special valves with sensor equipment for new tires. Tire pressure monitoring system in our tire workshop As a tire professional, our tire and automotive master workshop has of course long since prepared for the special requirements of tires with TPMS. You will receive from us new tires or a tire change for all TPMS vehicles in which we tune, train and adjust tires and valves exactly to your control system. If additional valves with sensors for a second wheel set are required or new tires require teaching the valves, this initially increases your costs somewhat, but the small additional expense at the beginning quickly pays off again later when the vehicle is running. With the tire pressure monitoring system, come straight to the experienced specialist for tires and TPMS. Come to us and reserve an appointment right away. Vacancies Contact Data protection Imprint ✎ Here is our current information Read more Cashback campaign Cashback campaign Fulda campaign 2019 Black driving with guarantee. Buy Fulda tires and get free tire protection for the next year Black driving with guarantee Goodyear campaign 2019 (Vector Protect) Change all-season tires now and ensure all-round protection. Vector Protector Card Our services × Wheel alignment Wheel alignment for perfect straight running An ideal axle geometry is of crucial importance for perfect straight running, high driving comfort and even wheel wear. If the axle geometry is only slightly adjusted, tracking errors occur and there are unpleasant side effects when driving: Available from: Tire Russ Read more Close × Exhaust service The competent exhaust service from a specialist The exhaust system in vehicles with a combustion engine takes on the task of ensuring that the exhaust gases from the combustion process are safe , environmentally friendly and quiet to the environment. The exhaust reduces the environmental and noise pollution and protects you and your surroundings from the emission of toxic exhaust gases. A defective exhaust system not only affects fuel consumption and can cause serious damage to the engine, but must also be avoided in the interests of environmental protection. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Brake service Professional brake service for a safe journey The brake system is one of the safety-relevant components of vehicles and should therefore be regularly checked for proper function. By servicing the brake system, any damage can be identified at an early stage, brake failure is effectively prevented and expensive repairs are avoided. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Storage Proper storage of tires In order to achieve the maximum possible service life of tires, a careful driving style and above all a professional storage is important. When changing the tires, a whole series of important points must be taken into account in order to avoid long-term damage to the tire and impairment of driving behavior. In addition to the correct ambient conditions and the optimal air pressure, the logical identification and a professional inspection of the tires should also be carried out, for example. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × HU / AU With our help safely through the main and exhaust gas inspection The recurring main inspection (HU) is a legally required test in Germany of the functionality and environmental compatibility of vehicles. Since 2010, the previous additional exhaust gas inspection (AU) has been part of the main inspection, which means that vehicle owners only have to have one test carried out. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Inspection Inspection by a specialist - for safety and a long car life Cars gather a variety of technical systems that are subject to high wear and tear due to the stresses of regular journeys, aging processes of the materials or weather conditions. For your safety, driving comfort and to avoid expensive repairs of consequential damage, it is important that your car is checked at regular intervals by an experienced automotive specialist. This service - the inspection - is available in our workshop for all brands and models. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Air-conditioning service Professional air-conditioning service made to measure The air-conditioning system is not one of the safety-relevant components of a vehicle, but still requires regular and thorough maintenance. This is the only way to ensure that the temperature of the interior works properly and that there are no harmful bacteria in the air conditioning system. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Oil change Professional oil change for maximum service life Oil is essential for the functionality and service life of internal combustion engines. Special motor oil acts primarily as a lubricant in vehicles, which protects the moving components of the engine against wear and ensures smooth operation. The quality of the oil also influences the efficiency of the combustion processes in the engine and thus also the fuel consumption of the vehicle. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire and wheel change Your competent partner for everything related to wheel and tire change The change of the wheel or tire is carried out for both cars and commercial vehicles in a seasonal rhythm in order to adapt the tires to the weather conditions. In winter conditions, appropriate tires are even required by law to ensure adequate liability in adverse road conditions. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire repairs Professional tire repairs Tires are one of the most stressed parts of a vehicle and are also safety-relevant components, the failure of which can have serious consequences. A regular check of the tire quality is therefore essential to ensure optimal safety and is carried out regularly by our experts. When storing tires and carrying out inspections, checking the tires for any damage is part of the service. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Seasonal check The seasonal check - safely through the season Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Shock absorber Have the shock absorber checked regularly Shock absorbers are safety-related components in the chassis and are responsible for reducing the vibrations that occur when driving over bumps allow. The component takes advantage of the hydraulic properties of oil to convert vibrational energy into heat and thus ensure that the damped vibration decays. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Balancing wheel balancing increases the service life Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close Wheel alignment Exhaust service Brake service Storage HU / AU inspection Air conditioning service Oil change Tire and wheel change Tire repairs Seasonal check Shock absorber balancing Member of 4FleetGDHSTire dealer BRV Goodyear Dunlop Fulda Sava