Exhaust service | Russ Tires Skip to content Russ Tires Navigation ☰ OffersRims Tires Tires & WheelsSummer Tires Winter Tires All Season Tires Encyclopedia TPMS EU Tire Labels Agriculture Motorcycle Trucks Offroad Industry Gallery ServicesTire and Car Service Company Cars Tuning About Us News Home Our Services for Car & Tires Exhaust Service Exhaust Service The competent exhaust service from Specialist In vehicles with a combustion engine, the exhaust system takes over the task of discharging the exhaust gases from the combustion process to the environment in a safe, environmentally friendly and quiet manner. The exhaust reduces the environmental and noise pollution and protects you and your surroundings from the emission of toxic exhaust gases. A defective exhaust system not only affects fuel consumption and can cause serious damage to the engine, but must also be avoided in the interests of environmental protection. In our specialist workshop, we therefore offer a comprehensive exhaust service, as part of which we put the entire exhaust system through its paces. Our qualified specialists use state-of-the-art measuring methods to determine whether the system is working properly and whether the prescribed exhaust gas values ​​are being met. If we detect defective components in the exhaust system, we will be happy to replace the components immediately if requested. This is how an exhaust system is constructed The exhaust system of a vehicle with an internal combustion engine consists of many components with different functions. Colloquially, only the tailpipe of the exhaust system is often referred to as it is the only part of the exhaust system that is visible from the outside. The exhaust system essentially consists of the downpipe, the exhaust manifold, a catalytic converter and several silencers. The downpipe is located directly behind the manifold and brings the vehicle's exhaust gases together. The subsequent catalyst is responsible for the chemical purification of the exhaust gases and uses a chemical coating to ensure that environmentally harmful substances are converted into environmentally friendly substances. In addition, several silencers are usually used, which through a cross-sectional expansion and an intelligent geometry ensure a significant reduction in the noise level. The exhaust gas is finally released into the environment via the tail pipe. The individual components of the exhaust system are subjected to extremely high temperatures during every journey. In addition, road salt and moisture add to the material and, in the worst case, cause corrosion and pitting. The rear silencer in particular is subject to heavy wear due to its location and often fails. You can identify a defective exhaust system, for example, by a reduced engine power with increased noise and high fuel consumption. In these cases, we recommend that you immediately go to a specialist workshop with the vehicle. Exhaust Service Services By regularly checking the exhaust system, you can prevent unpleasant surprises and replace worn or damaged components at an early stage. Our exhaust service includes an extensive inspection of all components of the exhaust system and a professional assessment of the functionality. We are happy to take over the replacement of defective parts such as a worn silencer as part of the inspection. We only use high quality spare parts with a long service life. Of course, we take care of environmentally friendly disposal after removing old exhaust parts. Have your exhaust system checked regularly in our specialist workshop and benefit from maximum service life. Vacancies Contact Data protection Imprint ✎ Here is our current information Read more Cashback campaign Cashback campaign Fulda campaign 2019 Black driving with guarantee. Buy Fulda tires and get free tire protection for the next year Black driving with guarantee Goodyear campaign 2019 (Vector Protect) Change all-season tires now and ensure all-round protection. Vector Protector Card Our services × Wheel alignment Wheel alignment for perfect straight running An ideal axle geometry is of crucial importance for perfect straight running, high driving comfort and even wheel wear. If the axle geometry is only slightly adjusted, tracking errors occur and there are unpleasant side effects when driving: Available from: Tire Russ Read more Close × Exhaust service The competent exhaust service from a specialist The exhaust system in vehicles with a combustion engine takes on the task of ensuring that the exhaust gases from the combustion process are safe , environmentally friendly and quiet to the environment. The exhaust reduces the environmental and noise pollution and protects you and your surroundings from the emission of toxic exhaust gases. A defective exhaust system not only affects fuel consumption and can cause serious damage to the engine, but must also be avoided in the interests of environmental protection. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Brake service Professional brake service for a safe journey The brake system is one of the safety-relevant components of vehicles and should therefore be regularly checked for proper function. By servicing the brake system, any damage can be identified at an early stage, brake failure is effectively prevented and expensive repairs are avoided. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Storage Proper storage of tires In order to achieve the maximum possible service life of tires, a careful driving style and above all a professional storage is important. When changing the tires, a whole series of important points must be taken into account in order to avoid long-term damage to the tire and impairment of driving behavior. In addition to the correct ambient conditions and the optimal air pressure, the logical identification and a professional inspection of the tires should also be carried out, for example. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × HU / AU With our help safely through the main and exhaust gas inspection The recurring main inspection (HU) is a legally required test in Germany of the functionality and environmental compatibility of vehicles. Since 2010, the previous additional exhaust gas inspection (AU) has been part of the main inspection, which means that vehicle owners only have to have one test carried out. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Inspection Inspection by a specialist - for safety and a long car life Cars gather a variety of technical systems that are subject to high wear and tear due to the stresses of regular journeys, aging processes of the materials or weather conditions. For your safety, driving comfort and to avoid expensive repairs of consequential damage, it is important that your car is checked at regular intervals by an experienced automotive specialist. This service - the inspection - is available in our workshop for all brands and models. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Air-conditioning service Professional air-conditioning service made to measure The air-conditioning system is not one of the safety-relevant components of a vehicle, but still requires regular and thorough maintenance. This is the only way to ensure that the temperature of the interior works properly and that there are no harmful bacteria in the air conditioning system. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Oil change Professional oil change for maximum service life Oil is essential for the functionality and service life of internal combustion engines. Special motor oil acts primarily as a lubricant in vehicles, which protects the moving components of the engine against wear and ensures smooth operation. The quality of the oil also influences the efficiency of the combustion processes in the engine and thus also the fuel consumption of the vehicle. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire and wheel change Your competent partner for everything related to wheel and tire change The change of the wheel or tire is carried out for both cars and commercial vehicles in a seasonal rhythm in order to adapt the tires to the weather conditions. In winter conditions, appropriate tires are even required by law to ensure adequate liability in adverse road conditions. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire repairs Professional tire repairs Tires are one of the most stressed parts of a vehicle and are also safety-relevant components, the failure of which can have serious consequences. A regular check of the tire quality is therefore essential to ensure optimal safety and is carried out regularly by our experts. When storing tires and carrying out inspections, checking the tires for any damage is part of the service. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Seasonal check The seasonal check - safely through the season Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Shock absorber Have the shock absorber checked regularly Shock absorbers are safety-related components in the chassis and are responsible for reducing the vibrations that occur when driving over bumps allow. The component takes advantage of the hydraulic properties of oil to convert vibrational energy into heat and thus ensure that the damped vibration decays. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Balancing wheel balancing increases the service life Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close Wheel alignment Exhaust service Brake service Storage HU / AU inspection Air conditioning service Oil change Tire and wheel change Tire repairs Seasonal check Shock absorber balancing Member of 4FleetGDHSTire dealer BRV Goodyear Dunlop Fulda Sava