Privacy Policy Tires Russ Skip to content Tires Russ Navigation ☰ OffersRims Tires Tires & WheelsSummer Tires Winter Tires All Season Tires Tire Encyclopedia TPMS EU Tire Label Agriculture Motorcycle Truck Offroad Industry Gallery ServicesTire and Car Service Company Cars Tuning About Us News E-mail, telephone number, license plate number For account use: In-app (security & technical N.): IP address Date and time of the request Time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) Content of the request (specific page) Access status / HTTP status code each amount of data transferred Website from which the request comes Browser operating system and its interface Language and version of the browser software Forwarding of data: Forwarding to the IT service provider of the website Forwarding for purposes of booking and conclusion of contracts Cloud usage: no Tr acking: Anonymous user profiles via Google Analytics, advertising: within the legal framework for similar products by email for the purpose of promotions and competitions §1 Information about the collection of personal data and provider identification In the following we inform you about the collection of personal data when using this website . Personal data are all data that can be related to you personally. B. Name, address, email addresses, user behavior. Responsible according to Art. 4 para. 7 EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is Reifen Russ Emil-Schiffner-Str. 34 02779 Großschönau Germany info@reifen-russ.de (see our legal notice). If we use contracted service providers for individual functions of our offer or would like to use your data for advertising purposes, we will inform you in detail below about the respective processes. We also state the specified criteria for the storage period. §2 rights, in particular information and revocation, you have the following rights towards us regarding your personal data: right to information, right to correction or deletion, right to restriction of processing, right to object to processing, right to data portability. If you have given your consent to the use of data, you can revoke it at any time. If the lawfulness of the processing is based on consent, this remains valid until the revocation is exercised. Please send all requests for information, requests for information or objections to data processing by e-mail to info@reifen-russ.de or to the address given under § 1 (2). You can ask us to delete your data at any time. There may be statutory retention periods that allow us to keep your data until the deadline. If your data is incorrect, you have the right to ask us to correct it. This request will be followed immediately. You have the right to receive your personal data provided to us in a readable format, as far as technically possible, to make it available to another company (right to data portability). You have the right to complain to the supervisory authority responsible for you. §3 Data security We maintain current technical measures to ensure data security, in particular to protect your personal data from dangers during data transmission and from knowledge of third parties. These are adapted to the current state of the art. §4 Collection of personal data when used for informational purposes and contacting us When using the website for informational purposes only, i.e. if you do not register or otherwise provide us with information, we only collect the personal data that your browser transmits to our server. If you would like to view our website, we collect the following data, which is technically necessary for us to display our website to you and to ensure stability and security (legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR ): –IP address –date and time of the request –time difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) –content of the request (specific page) –access status / HTTP status code –data transferred in each case –website from which the request comes –browser - Operating system and its interface - language and version of the browser software When you contact us by email or via the contact form [MG4], your email address, your name and, if you specify this, your telephone number will be saved by us. The purpose of this storage is only to contact you to answer your questions. The legal basis for the specified survey is the consent you have given by visiting our website and confirming the cookie banner (Art. 6 Para. 1 a GDPR). We will only use your data to the extent permitted by law for advertising purposes. In particular, we only use your email address for direct advertising for our own similar goods or services. You can object to the use of your data for advertising purposes at any time in writing or in text form (email to info@reifen-russ.de). We refer to our legitimate interest in advertising our products to our customers in accordance with. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. In addition to the aforementioned data, cookies are stored on your computer when you use our website. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your hard drive and assigned to the browser you are using, and through which certain information flows to the location that sets the cookie (here by us). Cookies cannot run programs or transmit viruses to your computer. They serve to make the Internet offer more user-friendly and effective overall. If your consent in accordance with Art 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR, we will pass on your data to third-party providers for the purpose of participation in campaigns, competitions, bookings or contracts. §5 Cookies We use cookies on our website. Such cookies are necessary so that you can move freely around the website and use its features; this includes u. a. also access to secure areas of the website. We can use cookies to track who visited the page (s) and derive from this how often certain pages are visited and which parts of the site are particularly popular. Session cookies store information about your activities on our website. This website uses the following types of cookies, the scope and functionality of which are explained below: Transient cookies (temporary use) Persistent cookies (temporary use) Third party cookies Transient cookies are automatically deleted when you close the browser. These include session cookies in particular. These store a so-called session ID, with which various requests from your browser can be assigned to the joint session. This allows your computer to be recognized when you return to the website. The session cookies are deleted when you log out or close the browser. Persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may differ depending on the cookie. You can delete the cookies in the security settings of your browser at any time. You can configure your browser settings according to your wishes and e.g. B. refuse to accept third-party cookies or all cookies. We would like to point out that you may not be able to use all functions of this website. We use cookies to identify you for subsequent visits if you have an account with us. Otherwise you would have to log in again for each visit. The following cookies are used: Name Persistence Description Drupal.toolbar.collapsed persistent Internal functionality Drupal.tableDrag.showWeight persistent Internal functionality has_js persistent Internal functionality _gid persistent Identification on subsequent visits (will be deleted 24 hours after visiting the website) _ga persistent identification on subsequent visits §6 Data transfer for maintenance of the website We will not pass on your personal data to third parties, unless we inform you of a transfer. Our IT service providers have access to our stored data in order to correct errors and enable us to carry out the required technical organizational measures. Here we refer to our legitimate interest in securing our IT in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR or the fulfillment of legal obligations according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR. We selected the IT service provider (s) carefully and commissioned them in writing. You are bound by our instructions and are regularly checked by us. The service providers will not pass this data on to third parties. Your data will not be passed on outside the EU (EEA) area. §7 Web tracking - Google Analytics This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, text files that are saved on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website (see § 5). The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. If IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will be shortened beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The full IP address is only transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services related to website activity and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. You can prevent the storage of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by using the browser plug-in available under the following link. Download and install in: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. This website uses Google Analytics with the extension "_anonymizeIp ()". As a result, IP addresses are processed in abbreviated form, so that they cannot be linked to a person. As far as the data collected about you is personal, this is immediately excluded and the personal data is deleted immediately. We use Google Analytics to analyze and regularly improve the use of our website. We can use the statistics obtained to improve our offer and make it more interesting for you as a user. For the exceptional cases in which personal data are transferred to the USA, Google has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. The legal basis for the use of Google Analytics is Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR. Third-party information: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001. Terms of use: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de .html, overview of data protection: http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.html, as well as the data protection declaration: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy . §8 Youtube We have integrated YouTube videos into our online offer, which are stored on http://www.YouTube.com and can be played directly from our website. These are all integrated in the "extended data protection mode", i. H. that no data about you as a user will be transmitted to YouTube if you do not play the videos. Only when you play the videos will the data mentioned in paragraph 2 be transmitted. We have no influence on this data transmission. When you visit the website, YouTube receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. In addition, the data mentioned under § 2 of this declaration will be transmitted. This takes place regardless of whether YouTube provides a user account that you are logged in to or whether there is no user account. If you are logged in to Google, your data will be assigned directly to your account. If you do not want your YouTube profile to be assigned, you must log out before activating the button. YouTube stores your data as usage profiles and uses them for the purposes of advertising, market research and / or the needs-based design of its website. Such an evaluation is carried out in particular (even for users who are not logged in) to provide needs-based advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right to object to the creation of these user profiles, and you must contact YouTube to exercise them. Further information on the purpose and scope of data collection and processing by YouTube can be found in the data protection declaration. There you will also find further information on your rights and setting options to protect your privacy: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal data in the USA and has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. §9 Integration of Google Maps We use the offer of Google Maps on this website. This enables us to show you interactive maps directly on the website and enables you to conveniently use the map function. When you visit the website, Google receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. In addition, the data mentioned under § 2 of this declaration will be transmitted. This takes place regardless of whether Google provides a user account that you are logged in to or whether there is no user account. If you are logged in to Google, your data will be assigned directly to your account. If you do not want your profile to be assigned to Google, you must log out before activating the button. Google stores your data as usage profiles and uses them for the purposes of advertising, market research and / or the needs-based design of its website. Such an evaluation is carried out in particular (even for users who are not logged in) to provide needs-based advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right to object to the creation of these user profiles, and you must contact Google to exercise them. Further information on the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing by the plug-in provider can be found in the provider's data protection declaration. There you will also find further information about your rights and setting options to protect your privacy: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal data in the USA and has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. Vacancies Contact Data protection Imprint ✎ Here is our current information Read more Cashback campaign Cashback campaign Fulda campaign 2019 Black driving with guarantee. Buy Fulda tires and get free tire protection for the next year Black driving with guarantee Goodyear campaign 2019 (Vector Protect) Change all-season tires now and ensure all-round protection. Vector Protector Card Our services × Wheel alignment Wheel alignment for perfect straight running An ideal axle geometry is of crucial importance for perfect straight running, high driving comfort and even wheel wear. If the axle geometry is only slightly adjusted, tracking errors occur and there are unpleasant side effects when driving: Available from: Tire Russ Read more Close × Exhaust service The competent exhaust service from a specialist The exhaust system in vehicles with a combustion engine takes on the task of ensuring that the exhaust gases from the combustion process are safe , environmentally friendly and quiet to the environment. The exhaust reduces the environmental and noise pollution and protects you and your surroundings from the emission of toxic exhaust gases. A defective exhaust system not only affects fuel consumption and can cause serious damage to the engine, but must also be avoided in the interests of environmental protection. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Brake service Professional brake service for a safe journey The brake system is one of the safety-relevant components of vehicles and should therefore be regularly checked for proper function. By servicing the brake system, any damage can be identified at an early stage, brake failure is effectively prevented and expensive repairs are avoided. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Storage Proper storage of tires In order to achieve the maximum possible service life of tires, a careful driving style and above all a professional storage is important. When changing the tires, a whole series of important points must be taken into account in order to avoid long-term damage to the tire and impairment of driving behavior. In addition to the correct ambient conditions and the optimal air pressure, the logical identification and a professional inspection of the tires should also be carried out, for example. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × HU / AU With our help safely through the main and exhaust gas inspection The recurring main inspection (HU) is a legally required test in Germany of the functionality and environmental compatibility of vehicles. Since 2010, the previous additional exhaust gas inspection (AU) has been part of the main inspection, which means that vehicle owners only have to have one test carried out. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Inspection Inspection by a specialist - for safety and a long car life Cars gather a variety of technical systems that are subject to high wear and tear due to the stresses of regular journeys, aging processes of the materials or weather conditions. For your safety, driving comfort and to avoid expensive repairs of consequential damage, it is important that your car is checked at regular intervals by an experienced automotive specialist. This service - the inspection - is available in our workshop for all brands and models. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Air-conditioning service Professional air-conditioning service made to measure The air-conditioning system is not one of the safety-relevant components of a vehicle, but still requires regular and thorough maintenance. This is the only way to ensure that the temperature of the interior works properly and that there are no harmful bacteria in the air conditioning system. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Oil change Professional oil change for maximum service life Oil is essential for the functionality and service life of internal combustion engines. Special motor oil acts primarily as a lubricant in vehicles, which protects the moving components of the engine against wear and ensures smooth operation. The quality of the oil also influences the efficiency of the combustion processes in the engine and thus also the fuel consumption of the vehicle. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire and wheel change Your competent partner for everything related to wheel and tire change The change of the wheel or tire is carried out for both cars and commercial vehicles in a seasonal rhythm in order to adapt the tires to the weather conditions. In winter conditions, appropriate tires are even required by law to ensure adequate liability in adverse road conditions. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire repairs Professional tire repairs Tires are one of the most stressed parts of a vehicle and are also safety-relevant components, the failure of which can have serious consequences. A regular check of the tire quality is therefore essential to ensure optimal safety and is carried out regularly by our experts. When storing tires and carrying out inspections, checking the tires for any damage is part of the service. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Seasonal check The seasonal check - safely through the season Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Shock absorber Have the shock absorber checked regularly Shock absorbers are safety-related components in the chassis and are responsible for reducing the vibrations that occur when driving over bumps allow. The component takes advantage of the hydraulic properties of oil to convert vibrational energy into heat and thus ensure that the damped vibration decays. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Balancing wheel balancing increases the service life Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close Wheel alignment Exhaust service Brake service Storage HU / AU inspection Air conditioning service Oil change Tire and wheel change Tire repairs Seasonal check Shock absorber balancing Member of 4FleetGDHSTire dealer BRV Goodyear Dunlop Fulda Sava