EU tire label | Tires Russ Skip to content Tires Russ Navigation ☰ OffersRims Tires Tires & WheelsSummer Tires Winter Tires All Season Tires Encyclopedia TPMS EU Tire Label Agriculture Motorcycle Truck Offroad Industry Gallery ServicesTire and Car Service Company Cars Tuning About Us News Home Tires & Wheels EU Tire Label EU Tire Label eu tire label. jpg The Tire Label of the European Union With the entry into force of the EU regulation on the labeling of tires, tire manufacturers have to indicate measured values ​​on a label. The regulation regulated in Article 4, paragraph 1 of EU Regulation No. 1222/2009 has been applicable since 01 November 2002 to both passenger vehicles and light and heavy commercial vehicles. The 75 x 110 mm marking must contain information about the efficiency of the tire, the wet grip class and the external rolling noise and must either be attached to the tread as a sticker or attached as a label. The EU tire label is part of the action plan for more energy efficiency and is intended to provide European Union consumers with better information about the amount of energy consumed by tires, as well as wet grip and noise levels. The visual representation of the tire label is similar to that used for household appliances such as washing machines, refrigerators or televisions. eu-tire-label-icon-fuel-efficiency-80x80.png The fuel efficiency of cars and light and heavy commercial vehicles is influenced, among other things, by the rolling resistance of the tires. As a result of the EU regulation 1222/2009, an energetic classification of tires was carried out so that consumers can assess fuel efficiency. Following the example of electrical household appliances, the rolling resistance was classified into classes A to G, with class A indicating the best and class G the worst tire performance. The energy efficiency of a tire depends largely on how much energy is lost through the rolling resistance. The less the deformation of the tire when driving, the less energy is lost and the higher the fuel efficiency of the tire. By using the most energy-efficient tire possible, both the vehicle's fuel consumption and the associated CO2 emissions are reduced. eu-tire-label-icon-wet-grip-80x80.png According to EU regulation 1222/2009, the wet grip must be stated on the tire label to inform consumers about the tire's grip on wet roads. Wet grip is a safety-relevant parameter that has a major impact on the braking distance, among other things. Similar to fuel efficiency, the wet grip of the tire is classified using a scale from A to G. Due to class A here again stands for the best wet grip, while class G marks the lower end of the quality spectrum. Tires with good wet grip ensure a significantly shorter braking distance, especially in rainy weather, and are therefore safer than poorly categorized models. eu-tire-label-icon-noise-80x80.png The external rolling noise of tires is particularly important with regard to the legal limits for noise emissions. Regulation 661, which came into force between 2012 and 2016, set maximum values ​​for the sound levels of tires in order to protect consumers from excessive traffic noise. In contrast to fuel efficiency and wet grip, tires are only classified into three levels in terms of external rolling noise. A sound symbol with three black shafts indicates a tire that only meets the minimum legal requirements, while a tire with a black shaft represents the current optimum in terms of noise emissions. In this case the level is at least 3 dB below the legal limit. eu-reifenlabel.jpg The Tire Label of the European Union With the entry into force of the EU regulation on the labeling of tires, tire manufacturers have to provide measurements on a label. The regulation regulated in Article 4, paragraph 1 of EU Regulation No. 1222/2009 has been applicable since 01 November 2002 to both passenger vehicles and light and heavy commercial vehicles. The 75 x 110 mm marking must contain information about the efficiency of the tire, the wet grip class and the external rolling noise and must either be attached to the tread as a sticker or attached as a label. The EU tire label is part of the action plan for more energy efficiency and is intended to provide European Union consumers with better information about the amount of energy consumed by tires, as well as wet grip and noise levels. The visual representation of the tire label is similar to that used for household appliances such as washing machines, refrigerators or televisions. eu-tire-label-icon-fuel-efficiency-80x80.png The fuel efficiency of cars and light and heavy commercial vehicles is influenced, among other things, by the rolling resistance of the tires. As a result of the EU regulation 1222/2009, an energetic classification of tires was carried out so that consumers can assess fuel efficiency. Following the example of electrical household appliances, the rolling resistance was classified into classes A to G, with class A indicating the best and class G the worst tire performance. The energy efficiency of a tire depends largely on how much energy is lost through the rolling resistance. The less the deformation of the tire when driving, the less energy is lost and the higher the fuel efficiency of the tire. By using the most energy-efficient tire possible, both the vehicle's fuel consumption and the associated CO2 emissions are reduced. eu-tire-label-icon-wet-grip-80x80.png According to EU regulation 1222/2009, the wet grip must be stated on the tire label to inform consumers about the tire's grip on wet roads. Wet grip is a safety-relevant parameter that has a major impact on the braking distance, among other things. Similar to fuel efficiency, the wet grip of the tire is classified using a scale from A to G. Due to class A here again stands for the best wet grip, while class G marks the lower end of the quality spectrum. Tires with good wet grip ensure a significantly shorter braking distance, especially in rainy weather, and are therefore safer than poorly categorized models. eu-tire-label-icon-noise-80x80.png The external rolling noise of tires is particularly important with regard to the legal limits for noise emissions. Regulation 661, which came into force between 2012 and 2016, set maximum values ​​for the sound levels of tires in order to protect consumers from excessive traffic noise. In contrast to fuel efficiency and wet grip, tires are only classified into three levels in terms of external rolling noise. A sound symbol with three black shafts indicates a tire that only meets the minimum legal requirements, while a tire with a black shaft represents the current optimum in terms of noise emissions. In this case the level is at least 3 dB below the legal limit. Vacancies Contact Data protection Imprint ✎ Here is our current information Read more Cashback campaign Cashback campaign Fulda campaign 2019 Black driving with guarantee. Buy Fulda tires and get free tire protection for the next year Black driving with guarantee Goodyear campaign 2019 (Vector Protect) Change all-season tires now and ensure all-round protection. Vector Protector Card Our services × Wheel alignment Wheel alignment for perfect straight running An ideal axle geometry is of crucial importance for perfect straight running, high driving comfort and even wheel wear. If the axle geometry is only slightly adjusted, tracking errors occur and there are unpleasant side effects when driving: Available from: Tire Russ Read more Close × Exhaust service The competent exhaust service from a specialist The exhaust system in vehicles with a combustion engine takes on the task of ensuring that the exhaust gases from the combustion process are safe , environmentally friendly and quiet to the environment. The exhaust reduces the environmental and noise pollution and protects you and your surroundings from the emission of toxic exhaust gases. A defective exhaust system not only affects fuel consumption and can cause serious damage to the engine, but must also be avoided in the interests of environmental protection. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Brake service Professional brake service for a safe journey The brake system is one of the safety-relevant components of vehicles and should therefore be regularly checked for proper function. By servicing the brake system, any damage can be identified at an early stage, brake failure is effectively prevented and expensive repairs are avoided. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Storage Proper storage of tires In order to achieve the maximum possible service life of tires, a careful driving style and above all a professional storage is important. When changing the tires, a whole series of important points must be taken into account in order to avoid long-term damage to the tire and impairment of driving behavior. In addition to the correct ambient conditions and the optimal air pressure, the logical identification and a professional inspection of the tires should also be carried out, for example. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × HU / AU With our help safely through the main and exhaust gas inspection The recurring main inspection (HU) is a legally required test in Germany of the functionality and environmental compatibility of vehicles. Since 2010, the previous additional exhaust gas inspection (AU) has been part of the main inspection, which means that vehicle owners only have to have one test carried out. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Inspection Inspection by a specialist - for safety and a long car life Cars gather a variety of technical systems that are subject to high wear and tear due to the stresses of regular journeys, aging processes of the materials or weather conditions. For your safety, driving comfort and to avoid expensive repairs of consequential damage, it is important that your car is checked at regular intervals by an experienced automotive specialist. This service - the inspection - is available in our workshop for all brands and models. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Air-conditioning service Professional air-conditioning service made to measure The air-conditioning system is not one of the safety-relevant components of a vehicle, but still requires regular and thorough maintenance. This is the only way to ensure that the temperature of the interior works properly and that there are no harmful bacteria in the air conditioning system. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Oil change Professional oil change for maximum service life Oil is essential for the functionality and service life of internal combustion engines. Special motor oil acts primarily as a lubricant in vehicles, which protects the moving components of the engine against wear and ensures smooth operation. The quality of the oil also influences the efficiency of the combustion processes in the engine and thus also the fuel consumption of the vehicle. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire and wheel change Your competent partner for everything related to wheel and tire change The change of the wheel or tire is carried out for both cars and commercial vehicles in a seasonal rhythm in order to adapt the tires to the weather conditions. In winter conditions, appropriate tires are even required by law to ensure adequate liability in adverse road conditions. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Tire repairs Professional tire repairs Tires are one of the most stressed parts of a vehicle and are also safety-relevant components, the failure of which can have serious consequences. A regular check of the tire quality is therefore essential to ensure optimal safety and is carried out regularly by our experts. When storing tires and carrying out inspections, checking the tires for any damage is part of the service. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Seasonal check The seasonal check - safely through the season Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Shock absorber Have the shock absorber checked regularly Shock absorbers are safety-related components in the chassis and are responsible for reducing the vibrations that occur when driving over bumps allow. The component takes advantage of the hydraulic properties of oil to convert vibrational energy into heat and thus ensure that the damped vibration decays. Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close × Balancing wheel balancing increases the service life Available at: Reifen Russ Read more Close Wheel alignment Exhaust service Brake service Storage HU / AU inspection Air conditioning service Oil change Tire and wheel change Tire repairs Seasonal check Shock absorber balancing Member of 4FleetGDHSTire dealer BRV Goodyear Dunlop Fulda Sava