| Scania Polska. It looks like you are logging in with. For more information, go to the Scania Poska website. Stay on the Polish side of Poland globally My Scania choose sales region select production units Visit the global Scania site Return sales region Production units Products and services Future room Get to know us Configurator Dealers Configurator Dealers Back to results OPENING HOURS We are at your disposal DOWNLOAD TIPS Service support Sales services How to find us OPENING HOURS CONTACT DETAILS ACCEPTED CREDIT CARDS Poland Terms and conditions of the GDPR Environmental protection policy e-invoice Contact us SCANIA © Copyright Scania 2020 All rights reserved. Scania Polska S.A., Al. Katowicka 316, 05-830 Nadarzyn, Tel: +48 22 356 01 00, Fax: +48 22 356 01 01. This content is not available if you do not enable our cookies. Enable cookies to view this content. Link to the page with the cookies policy, in accordance with the privacy statement We use cookies to personalize the content and ads of the website, provide social media functions and analyze the traffic on our website. We also share information about the use of our site with our partners in the field of social media, advertising and analytics. By clicking "I accept", you agree to the use of all cookies and sharing information. You can also manage your cookies by clicking on "Cookie settings" and selecting the categories you want to accept. For a more detailed explanation of how we use cookies, please visit our cookies section, which can be found by clicking on the link below this text. The necessary cookies are needed for the website to work and cannot be turned off in our systems. They are usually a consequence of using services available as part of the website, such as privacy settings, logging in or filling out forms. You can set your browser to block these cookies or warn you about them, but then some parts of the site will not work. These cookies do not save any personal data. Analytical cookies allow us to count visits and traffic to our website, which allows us to improve it. They help us to find out which pages are the most and least popular and also to see how visitors visiting them navigate the site. All data collected by these cookies are aggregated and therefore remain anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, your visit to our website will not be included in our statistics and will not contribute to monitoring user behavior or improving the website. Functional cookies enable better functionality and personalization of the website. They can be introduced by us or by the so-called (Third Party Providers (external service providers) (check our Cookies Policy for more information) whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these services may not work properly. If these cookies are activated, third-party providers may process your data, including personal data. Advertising cookies can be entered through our website by our advertising partners (check our Cookies Policy for more information). They can be used by these companies to profile your interests and show you relevant ads on other sites. They are based on a unique identification of your browser type and the type of Internet device you use. If you do not allow these cookies, the ads displayed will be less personalized. Social media cookies are introduced by a number of social networking sites that we have added to our site to enable you to share our content with friends and networks (check our Cookie Policy for more information). They are able to track your browser on other websites and create a profile of your interests. This may affect the content and messages displayed on other pages you visit. If you do not allow these cookies, you may not be able to use or view the sharing tools. Link to the website with cookies policy, in accordance with the privacy statement