zapparata giuseppe | ZAPPARATA GIUSEPPE, Scicli (RG) | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog zapparata giuseppe Scicli (RG) Service Giadi Home Service Giadi zapparata giuseppe ZAPPARATA GIUSEPPE Service Giadi Zoom map Contrada Cerasella Sn-SP39 S / N97018, Scicli (RG) Tel .: 0932833498 Fax: 0932833498 zappar0a@giuseppezapparata.191.it Weekdays: 08:30 - 13:00 Hours weekdays: 15:00 - 19:30 Preferred times: 00:00 - 00:00 adgiadi.com/n/zapparatagiuseppe Description and services Images Feedbacks (0) zapparata giuseppe Mechanical workshop capable of working on any type of car, and which has all the basic skills and equipment to guarantee quality and efficiency on the repairs carried out. The workshop operates in compliance with the "Pact with the Motorist", guaranteeing the Group's criteria of transparency and professionalism. It achieves a continuous growth of skills through the technical training plans made available to all affiliates, and is characterized by efficiency and responsiveness in dealing with problems related to the continuous technological development of the park in circulation on a daily basis. The operators of the workshop are professionals who place the network at the highest levels in the independent car repair sector, thanks to the enthusiasm and passion that are fundamental elements of their work. Services offered Periodic maintenance Seasonal CheckUp Checking / Refilling Liquids Replacing the wiper blades Coupon Car Warranty Mother House (EU Law 461/2010) Certificate coupon Engine repair services Maintenance / Injector Replacement Maintenance / Replacement Water Pump and / or Thermostat Maintenance / Replacement Water radiator and / or oil Maintenance / Replacement Turbocharger Maintenance / Replacement EGR Valve Maintenance / Replacement Valves Engine Tuning Head Grinder Replacement Spark Plugs / Glow Plugs / Cables Spark Plugs / Lambda Probes Engine Replacement Head Replacement Check Leak Check Engine Oil Check / Replace Belt / Chain Kit Distribution and / o Services Check / Replacement Brake Hoses CheckUp Brake System Adjusting Parking Brake Replacement Brake Discs Replacement Brake Shoes Replacement Brake Pads Replacement Brake Drums Steering and suspensions Maintenance / Replacement Steering Box and / or comp onenti Maintenance / Replacement Electric Power Steering (city) Maintenance / Replacement Suspensions / Shock Absorber Maintenance / Replacement Linkage (swing arm and components) Repair axles and differential Maintenance / Replacement Differential Maintenance / Replacement Wheel Hub and / or Bearing Maintenance / Replacement Drive Shafts and / or Joint constant velocity Exhaust gas system Maintenance / Replacement Muffler Heating, cooling and air conditioning Refilling Gas Refrigerant Sanitization Transmission and Clutch System Maintenance Automatic Transmission Maintenance Manual Transmission Maintenance / Replacement Cylinder and Clutch Pump Replacement Clutch Kit Oil Replacement Automatic Transmission Electrical System Computerized Diagnosis Maintenance / Replacement Battery Repair / Replacement Alternator Repair / Replacement Electric Window Regulator Repair / Replacement Lamps Repair / Replacement Starter Tires Wheel Alignment (converg enza) Tire balancing (balancing) Seasonal tire change Tire rotation (inversion) Bodywork Washing Interior Polishing Headlight Repair Upholstery Roadside assistance Vehicle start-up (battery) AAA ... Services PLUS Courtesy car Maintenance / Installation Towing hitch POS ATM POS card Credit Prerevisioni No feedback entered. Do you want to be the first to write it? Search for a service or a store Autofficina Viganò Stefano Service AD ​​Autofficina Viganò StefanoStrada Robecco 2 / C, Magenta (Mi) Details Service AD ​​GO TO THE MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 Read more Follow us on Your Reviews Thanks Danio for the courtesy and professionalism MarcoLondero - agarossi danio The best independent quality We have teamed up to be great, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts