The service | Why join | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog We create car repair professionals Home The service - Why join Two networks to be everywhere AD Service and G-Service are the two reference networks in the area for the workshops of the AD-Giadi group. Two independent networks, but traveling in parallel to ensure complete support for affiliates. The Services are a high quality project designed to train and assist the independent car repairer, increasing his skills and the level of preparation to successfully face any type of mechatronic problem. Strong together, doubly present. Search for a service or a store F.LLI BANDIERA Service AD ​​AUTOFFICINA F.LLI BANDIERA SAS di Bandiera Enrico & CVia Giulia Augusta 9, AQUILEIA (UD) Service details AD GO TO MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 Read more Follow us on Your reviews Thank you for promptly resolving my problem, in a few hours I resumed my nuncio's trip - ap car service by angelo puzzello The best independent quality We made a group to be great, independent it's everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts