Who we are | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog Larger together Home About us L union that makes a network We have made a group to be large, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be great. Every day we dedicate our energies to supporting an always active network that is close to the work of all affiliates, for the growth of our spare parts customers, car repair shops and all the professionals in the sector who network with us, as a ' only big family. Search for a service or a store auto repair shop stil car Service Giadi CAR STYLE CAR OF SPECULATOR VINCENZO E C. Via REMESINA INTERNA, 139 E / F, CARPI (MO) Details Service Giadi GO TO MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 Read more Follow us on Your reviews EXCELLENT ASSISTANCE EXTREMELY FRIENDLY PERSON Chiara77 - ap car service by angelo puzzello The best independent quality We have teamed up to be great, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts