Payen | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why affiliate Contact us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog Payen Home Brands Payen Group: Federal Mogul To obtain a perfect seal, we research and develop a wide range of gaskets and head bolts. This is why we have led the way in sealing technology for over a century. The products manufactured maintain the quality standards of the world's largest automotive manufacturers, incorporating Federal Mogul's vast OE experience. Over 43 million new vehicles benefit from the high reliability Payen MLS (Multi-layer steel) for the head gaskets. More than 40 million Payen Liquid elastomer Molding ® (LEM ®) seals have been fitted in OE applications. Their low clamping loads contribute to further weight savings. Payen Catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan STC Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search a service or a store mechanical workshop martini Service AD ​​OFFICINA MECCANICA F.LLI MARTINI SNC Via Colle Alto 1790, Atina (FR) Details Service AD ​​GO TO THE MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog World news AD Europe - December 19 Updates and news from the world of AD Europe Read more Follow us on Your reviews thanks Sandro, for the assistance. Chiara77 - burlin auto center The best independent quality We have teamed up to be large, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts