Elring | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog Elring Home Brands Elring Group: Elring Why ElringElring? Das Original For over 130 years synonymous with experience and know-how in the gaskets sector OE competence thanks to ElringKlinger AG: supplier of original equipment and technological leader for the world automotive industry Elring spare parts with quality of original equipment Wide range of products worldwide Worldwide kit of gaskets in based on the need for engine repairs Item data and additional information in the online catalog and in TecDoc Demand assortment of spare parts for cars and commercial vehicles Online assembly video Free service hotline for technical questions: +49 7123 724-799 Who are we Good experiences? with Elring spare partsYour service partner for appropriate engine repair. Elring offers a complete market-oriented assortment of gasket sets, gaskets, service components and a wide range of mastics, of course in the original Elring quality of the world's first car maker? of the house ElringKlinger AG. For almost all car and engine manufacturers, the company develops and manufactures engine components, transmissions and exhaust systems as well as alternative propulsion technologies. The high degree of notoriety and success in the spare parts market are based on the strength of innovation and competence for original equipment. For many years the traditional brand? Elring? Das Original? Research & Development Bringing forward the evolution first.Starting before the others. Question proven things. Not being satisfied with the standards achieved. With this philosophy, highly motivated specialists from ElringKlinger develop and research new technologies and creative solutions for products. These are used in future generations of cars and for new application branches. These evolutions today ensure the trade of tomorrow. We actively promote product evolutions, which open new horizons. One of the milestones from ElringKlinger is, for example, the new generation of gaskets for Metaloflex? Cylinder heads. In modern AdBlue modules? for Diesel engines our Metaloseal gaskets? and the Elrotherm heat protection shields? contribute significantly to an effective reduction of emissions. We are a sought after partner in the fuel cell branch. We develop and produce very demanding technological components, such as bipolar panels and sealing systems for fuel cell stacks. Elring Catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan STC Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search a service or a faggioli fabrizio store Service Giadi FAGGIOLI FABRIZIO AUTOFFICINAVia Sybilla Aleramo, 7, OSTELLATO (FE) Details Service Giadi GO TO MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 Read more Follow us on Le your reviews thanks Sandro, for the assistance. Chiara77 - burlin auto center The best independent quality We have teamed up to be large, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts