For the motorist | Services offered | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog Everything to make your way Home motorist - Services offered More quality for the motorist Only original or equivalent spare parts: we select only original quality or equivalent spare parts from a portfolio of prestigious international brands so that spare parts dealers and workshops can supply the motorist only certified products . Qualified technical intervention: with the AD-Giadi network we create car repair professionals who are able to offer a precise and efficient technical intervention for any vehicle. Exclusive services: we provide global support to the workshops, we have developed a series of useful services to meet any type of motorist request so as to satisfy every daily need. Technological innovation: we have entered into a series of framework agreements with the best brands of international services and products to give added value to the performance of the workshop. Important partnerships guarantee the mechanic the cutting-edge tools to be able to intervene with high quality on the car of the final motorist. Search for a service or store of benedetto Service AD ​​CAR WORKSHOP OF BENEDICT CARMELOVIA III RETTA LEVANTE ANG. VIA GAROFALO SNC, BELPASSO (CT) Service Details GO TO MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 Read more Follow us on Your reviews EXCELLENT EXTREMELY FRIENDLY PERSONAL ASSISTANCE Chiara77 - ap car service by angelo puzzello The best independent quality We have teamed up to be large, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts