RAV | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why join us Contact us Promotions Blog RAV Home Brands RAV Group: Ravaglioli Ravaglioli SpA is one of the largest companies in the world in the automotive equipment sector. In Europe we are the first manufacturer of lift trucks and one of the largest companies in the production of equipment for tire specialists and for diagnostics (vehicle control and wheel alignment). Founded in 1958 to build equipment for repair shops, Ravaglioli continued uninterruptedly to develop all aspects of lifting, both as regards cars and commercial vehicles. Over 350,000 lifters, only of the "two columns" type, distributed in all parts of the world testify to our specialization and importance achieved in this sector. Another fundamental aspect of production is that of tire repair equipment, managed by a special organization, both in the design phase and in the testing and production phase. The diagnostic sector represents the great commitment and the great success of Ravaglioli in recent years. RAV Catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan STC Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search a service or store Autoservice Abruzzo Service AD ​​Autoservice Abruzzo SncVia Tommaso Coccione 2/4, Poggiofiorito (CH) Details Service AD ​​GO TO THE MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 Read more Follow us on Your reviews Thank you for resolving my problem promptly, in a few hours I resumed my journey nunziobiuso - ap car service by angelo puzzello The best independent quality We made a group to be large, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts