Contacts | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog Home Contacts Contacts If you want to join the Ad-Giadi network as Spare Parts Store or Service Workshop, or simply want to ask for information about our services and activities, write to us. Name and surname * Telephone Email * Subject * Message * I accept your privacy policy Autodistribution Italia S.p.A. info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com Giadi Group S.r.l. Via Prima Strada, 68Padova info@giadiservice.com Search for a service or store lorenzo auto snc Service Giadi LORENZO AUTO SNCVia Ronchi sx 48/1, Piombino Dese (PD) Details Service Giadi GO TO MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog AD Europe world news - December 19 AD Europe updates and news Read more Follow us on Your reviews Thank you for having promptly solved my problem, in a few hours I resumed my nuncio's trip - ap car service by angelo puzzello The best quality independent We have made groups to be large, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts