Japanparts | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog Japanparts Home Brands Japanparts Group: Japanparts Japanparts has been operating for over twenty five years as a leading company in the sector of import and distribution of spare parts for Asian and partly American and European vehicles. The range of products distributed by Japanparts embraces both the mechanical line (filters, pads, hydraulic part, shock absorbers , clutches, etc.), that the grinding line (pistons, cylinder heads, bronze parts, etc.), that the power line (motors, alternators, spark plugs, glow plugs, etc.). The spare parts we import come from factories selected by us that have a very high quality standard. Our offer is continuously improved and updated. We were among the first to have developed a professional catalog of free access on the internet based on the Tec Doc database. This system, together with a large quantity of photographs, measurements and technical data, greatly facilitates the use of our catalogs which they are also available in electronic format. Order fulfillment times are very short and range from 24 hours for emergencies up to a maximum of 48 hours for stock orders. Our distribution network boasts more than 50 partners on the national territory and beyond 400 on the foreign one. Japanparts catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan STC Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search a service or a noble car repair shop Service AD ​​NOBLE CAR WORKSHOP SALVATOREVIA XXI APRIL, 7, BORGIA (CZ) Service Details GO TO THE QUOTE Quick quote Request for your car From the blog ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 Read more Follow us on Le your reviews Thank you for resolving my problem promptly, in a few hours I resumed my journey nunziobiuso - ap car service by angelo puzzello The best independent quality We made a group to be large, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts