Reifen Radeck - Imprint Data protection declaration Responsible body within the meaning of data protection laws, in particular the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), is: Reifen und Service J. Radeck KG Peter Hilgner Elpke 61 33605 Bielefeld Your rights as a data subject You can exercise the following rights at any time using the contact details provided by our data protection officer : Information about your data stored with us and their processing, correction of incorrect personal data, deletion of your data stored with us, restriction of data processing if we are not yet allowed to delete your data due to legal obligations, objection to the processing of your data by us and data portability , provided you have consented to data processing or have concluded a contract with us. If you have given us your consent, you can revoke it at any time with future effect. You can contact the supervisory authority responsible for you at any time with a complaint. The competent supervisory authority depends on the state of your place of residence, your work or the alleged violation. A list of the supervisory authorities (for the non-public area) with address can be found at: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html. Purposes of data processing by the responsible body and third parties We only process your personal data for the purposes stated in this data protection declaration. Your personal data will not be passed on to third parties for purposes other than those mentioned. We only pass on your personal data to third parties if: you have given your express consent, the processing is necessary for the execution of a contract with you, the processing is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation, the processing is necessary to protect legitimate interests and there is no reason to assume that you have an overriding legitimate interest in not disclosing your data. Collection of general information when visiting our website When you access our website, information of a general nature is automatically collected by means of a cookie. This information (server log files) includes, for example, the type of web browser, the operating system used, the domain name of your Internet service provider and the like. This is exclusively information that does not allow any conclusions to be drawn about your person. This information is technically necessary in order to correctly deliver the content of websites you have requested and is mandatory when using the Internet. They are processed in particular for the following purposes: ensuring a problem-free connection to the website, ensuring smooth use of our website, evaluating system security and stability, and for other administrative purposes. The processing of your personal data is based on our legitimate interest for the aforementioned purposes for data collection. We do not use your data to draw conclusions about you personally. The recipient of the data is only the responsible body and, if applicable, the processor. We may statistically evaluate anonymous information of this type in order to optimize our website and the technology behind it. Cookies Like many other websites, we also use so-called "cookies". Cookies are small text files that are transferred from a website server to your hard drive. This automatically gives us certain data, such as B. IP address, browser used, operating system and your connection to the Internet. Cookies cannot be used to start programs or transfer viruses to a computer. Based on the information contained in cookies, we can make navigation easier for you and enable our websites to be displayed correctly. Under no circumstances will the data we collect be passed on to third parties or linked to personal data without your consent. Of course, you can of course also view our website without cookies. Internet browsers are regularly set to accept cookies. In general, you can deactivate the use of cookies at any time via the settings of your browser. Please use the help functions of your internet browser to find out how you can change these settings. Please note that individual functions of our website may not work if you have deactivated the use of cookies. SSL encryption In order to protect the security of your data during transmission, we use state-of-the-art encryption methods (e.g. SSL) via HTTPS. Newsletter On the basis of your expressly given consent, we will regularly send you our newsletter or comparable information by email to your specified email address. It is sufficient to enter your email address to receive the newsletter. When you register to receive our newsletter, the data you provide will only be used for this purpose. Subscribers can also be informed via email about circumstances that are relevant to the service or registration (for example changes to the newsletter offer or technical conditions). For an effective registration we need a valid email address. In order to check that a registration is actually made by the owner of an email address, we use the "double opt-in" procedure. For this purpose, we log the order of the newsletter, the sending of a confirmation email and the receipt of the response requested. Further data is not collected. The data will only be used for sending the newsletter and will not be passed on to third parties. You can revoke your consent to the storage of your personal data and its use for sending the newsletter at any time. There is a corresponding link in every newsletter. You can also unsubscribe directly from this website at any time or inform us of your request using the contact option at the end of this data protection notice. Contact form If you have any questions about us by email or contact form, please give us your voluntary consent for the purpose of contacting us. For this, a valid email address is required. This is used to assign the request and then answer it. The specification of further data is optional. The information you provide will be stored for the purpose of processing the request and for possible follow-up questions. Personal data will be automatically deleted after your request has been dealt with. Use of script libraries (Google Webfonts) In order to present our content correctly and graphically appealing across browsers, we use script libraries and font libraries such as B. Google Webfonts (https://www.google.com/webfonts/). Google web fonts are transferred to your browser's cache to avoid multiple loading. If the browser does not support Google Webfonts or prevents access, content is displayed in a standard font. Calling script libraries or font libraries automatically triggers a connection to the operator of the library. It is theoretically possible - but currently unclear whether and if so for what purposes - that operators of corresponding libraries collect data. The privacy policy of the library operator Google can be found here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ Use of Adobe Typekit We use Adobe Typekit for the visual design of our website. Typekit is a service of Adobe Systems Software Ireland Ltd. which gives us access to a font library. To integrate the fonts we use, your browser must establish a connection to an Adobe server in the USA and download the font required for our website. This gives Adobe the information that our website has been accessed from your IP address. Further information on Adobe Typekit can be found in Adobe's data protection information, which you can access here: www.adobe.com/privacy/typekit.html Use of Google Maps This website uses Google Maps API to visually display geographic information. When using Google Maps, Google also collects, processes and uses data about the use of map functions by visitors. You can find more information about data processing by Google in the Google data protection information. There you can also change your personal data protection settings in the data protection center. You can find detailed instructions on how to manage your own data in connection with Google products here. Google AdWords Our website uses Google conversion tracking. If you have reached our website via an advertisement placed by Google, Google Adwords will set a cookie on your computer. The cookie for conversion tracking is set when a user clicks on an advertisement placed by Google. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used for personal identification. If the user visits certain pages of our website and the cookie has not yet expired, we and Google can recognize that the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to this page. Every Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie. Cookies cannot therefore be tracked via the websites of AdWords customers. The information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers learn the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, you will not receive any information that can be used to personally identify users. If you do not want to participate in the tracking, you can refuse the setting of a cookie required for this - for example via a browser setting that generally deactivates the automatic setting of cookies or set your browser so that cookies from the domain "googleleadservices.com" are blocked. Please note that you must not delete the opt-out cookies as long as you do not want measurement data to be recorded. If you have deleted all your cookies in the browser, you have to set the respective opt-out cookie again. Changes to our data protection regulations We reserve the right to adapt this data protection declaration so that it always corresponds to the current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the data protection declaration, e.g. when introducing new services. The new data protection declaration then applies to your next visit. Questions to the data protection officer If you have any questions about data protection, please write us an e-mail or contact the person responsible for data protection in our organization: Tires and Service J. Radeck KG Peter Hilgner Elpke 61 33605 Bielefeld Tel. 0521 32 99 30 0 The data protection declaration was created with the data protection declaration generator of activeMind AG.