Tires Radeck Bielefeld Home Tires Rims Service Opening times Contact Appointments References Information about Corona Pandemic Dear prospective customers and customers, until further notice our shop is open regularly - in view of the current situation we would like to ask you to make appointments, offers etc. by phone in advance to agree. For your and our protection, we will then endeavor to arrange the appointment in such a way that personal contacts can be minimized as far as possible so that nobody is exposed to unnecessary risk. Thank you for your understanding. Tires for every occasion Car tires Excavators / MPT / AS Truck tires Forklift trucks Two-wheelers Small / special tires Rims - variety of options Steel rims, aluminum rims ... the range of wheels available is enormous. We advise you in detail and in peace, with personal commitment and enthusiasm for the topic 'the right bike on the right car'. Rather practical or complex, discreet or eye-catcher ... we find what suits you. Make the necessity of having wheels the fun of having exactly the wheel that expresses your individuality - for a smile whenever you see your vehicle. With the latest trends and possibilities from all well-known manufacturers, a car becomes your car. Of course, we ensure that the technology is right in addition to the optics, so that you are not only beautiful, but also safely on the road. With the rim configurator from our partners, you can "mount" your new aluminum rims on your vehicle. We would be happy to provide you with individual advice. Current offers can be found in the picture opposite. Service balancing Have your wheels balanced at regular intervals. Advantages through regular balancing: - Increased driving safety by ensuring optimal contact with the road - Reduction of chassis and tire wear by avoiding unwanted force transmission - Increased driving comfort through the noticeable reduction in vibrations our topic. Industrial tires and their special requirements should be part of the everyday repertoire in tire shops - bandages, indoor and outdoor use, industrial tires clean ... with us you are in good hands. For a long time now, we have been using our mobile press to implement the assembly on site. Your time is your money and so it is important to keep downtimes to a minimum. Tire repair The question of whether to repair a tire injury should always be assessed and decided by specialist staff. Unfortunately, it is not always repairable, sometimes damage that has already occurred is simply too serious. Our staff has learned the vulcanization craft and has years of experience. A repair will only be carried out by us if the full load capacity of the tire has to be restored ... so that you can continue driving with peace of mind. Washing machine Clean wheels are beautiful wheels! That is why we say: get into the machine. The use of modern wheel washing machines has long been a standard in our range of services. Gentle brushes and professional cleaning additives guarantee perfect all-round cleaning, which is not possible with the wheel mounted on the vehicle. Stubborn dirt and dirt can damage the surface. Storage One car, two sets of wheels, no garage at all ... Simply save yourself the tiresome space problem - your respective summer or winter wheel set is in good hands with us. The bikes are properly stored here on site. They are checked for defects and stored, balanced and washed before they come back to your vehicle on time for the desired date. Transport, storage, condition ... you can forget; We'll take care. Nitrogen - tire inflation with comfort! The exchange of air in favor of nitrogen is one of the simplest ways to increase driving behavior, safety and comfort ... Nitrogen molecules are significantly larger, which eliminates the problem of falling pressure. Comfort-filled tires do not heat up so quickly, the rolling resistance is optimized - best driving behavior and a lower risk of burst tires are good arguments for 'letting the air out' in the future. Garbage disposal is no longer just garbage. At least since waste separation has also moved into our private households, we have all been sensitized to the subject ... and of course old tires cannot simply be "thrown away"! As a tire dealer, we naturally only work with certified waste disposal companies - the proportionate costs for you are low, and you do not need to worry about contaminated sites ending up in the forest and in the fields in an uncontrolled manner. TPMS It has always been important to check the tire pressure on a monthly basis, and also weekly if the weather changes. The introduction of the tire pressure monitoring system relieves you of this task - the sensors constantly check your tire pressure and report deviations in the cockpit of the vehicle. Technical equipment that is so sensible and safety-relevant that it is now mandatory for all vehicles registered for the first time from 11/2014; older vehicles can be converted to voluntary. Bagger AS driving wheel / front and implementation tires ... use in forestry and agriculture places the highest demands on the vehicle and the tires. Tractors, agricultural trailers and everything that goes with them is in good hands with us. This is not the first time we have done this, and in over 40 years in the tire trade, we have almost 'come across'. Field, forest and meadow - together we will find the right tire for your application. Leasing partner Opening times Monday-Friday8: 00-17: 00 Saturday08: 00-12: 00 About us Detmolder Strasse 342 - the first location in Bielefeld; this is where the company Reifen & Service Radeck KG started in 1974. Service, specialist staff, always up-to-date machinery and the personal commitment of each individual have led to the company not only being able to establish itself but also to grow. In addition to the car business, it was the large number of truck fleets in particular that increasingly showed the original location the limits of the possibilities. Consequently, in 2009 we decided to move to Elpke 61. Since then, our car and van business has mainly taken place in the newly built assembly hall on four modern workplaces. We have taken the dimensions of current trucks into account with a separate assembly site in Bielefeld Heepen - the spatial options are ideal; cramped space conditions during maneuvering are a thing of the past. Our offer is rounded off by the successful use of our mobile press for forklift and industrial tires for years ... in that case, 'on site' is simply better, faster, more efficient. Conclusion: No matter where and what concerns about tires, wheels and vehicles - we look forward to seeing you Philosophy One name, one term - tires and Radeck have been part of Bielefeld for over 40 years. When we founded the company in 1974, we made the motto 'Tires & Service' our motto. Pure merchandise is everywhere - but customer-oriented, competent advice, personal contact and flexible, individual service make the difference. Long-standing, trusting business relationships with a large number of customers are the result of our efforts - and proof that you see it as we do. That is why we have grown together in over 40 years, through technical change and ever new demands - contemporary change on a solid basis. The customer in focus and commitment as a matter of course, for a good cooperation Yesterday - Today - Tomorrow Contact Reifen Radeck KG Peter Hilgner Elpke 61 33605 Bielefeld 0521 - 32 99 30 0 0521 - 32 99 30 20 VAT ID: DE 124016523 Form Message Imprint Notice of liability: The complete disclaimer can be found here in the new window Appointment booking During the corona pandemic, online appointment registration is deactivated. To book your appointment online, please click here and select your preferred date in the new window. / References © 2019 Reifen Radeck. Designed by Adjust-IT system house. This website uses cookies to adapt the content and structure to individual visitor needs. Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy TOP