Autonet × COMPANY PRESENTATION PRESS ROOM CATALOGS NEWSLETTER PRIVACY CONTACT Search hu EN RO HU DE SL COMPANY PRESENTATION PRESS ROOM CATALOGS newsletter outside of the company Our portfolio is also unique in Central and Eastern Europe: our Business Partners can choose from 140, mostly premium brands. Last year, we delivered no less than 7 million spare parts to 9,000 customers in the two countries. Service ConceptWorkshop ConceptsNews Automeister service concept Auto Check Center service concept AutoCrew service concept TruckZone service concept CarXpert service concept Bosch service concepts Services According to the philosophy of the company group, the concept of full service Our modular system allows us to provide many essential services in addition to spare parts for demanding services, as no owner can be a good mechanic, manager, marketer, advertising specialist, instructor, etc. at the same time. Air ConditioningClimateNews Portfolio Services Contact A few years ago, only mechanics from specialist dealerships and workshops trained abroad dared to start repairing, refilling, etc. air conditioning systems. Nowadays, it is a routine task, mainly with the help of our group of companies, where all the conditions are in place for professional and fast work: air conditioning machines, diagnostic equipment, repair kits, consumables, spare parts, training, mechanic assistance databases, technical hotline, etc. Auto DiagnosisCar DiagnosticsNews Portfolio: Control Portfolio: Air Conditioning, Emissions Portfolio: Engine Portfolio: Diesel Services Software Downloads Hotline Installations Contact In the dynamically developing industry, all existing processes and tests now require diagnostic intervention, which in a software environment completely interweaves the technologies found in vehicles. Our company serves the participants of the industry in a unique way, with a comprehensive diagnostic offer, thus creating the opportunity to satisfy any customer need. Whether serial or parallel testing, diagnosing components or special equipment, our company has a technical solution for it. We keep our product range at a high level and build it innovatively, which, combined with our many years of experience, serves as a solid foundation for anyone. We are at the disposal of our partners in a customer-oriented and professional manner. Service EquipmentService EquipmentNews Portfolio Services Contact We created this business module at the same time as the workshop concepts. A separate and well-prepared team meets the needs and expectations of our business partners. Our wide product portfolio and specialists guarantee success, as they allow everyone to find the most suitable and durable tool. Professional TrainingEducationsNews Structure Topics Application Contact Training at Autonet In order to professionally repair cars in a workshop, you need nothing more than “modern” diagnostic equipment and qualified, experienced staff. From the first - we can safely say - there is an oversupply, with a sufficient financial background it is possible to set up a workshop that satisfies all needs in a matter of weeks. However, the second accessory is not that simple. The “car service of all brands” operating in the related sector of car repair is in a difficult situation, as it cannot really train the employee to have a perfect knowledge of all brands, nor can specific technical documentation be obtained for this. So based on more or less existing system knowledge, “learning by doing” remains, we learn on the customer’s car. However, the method is not fast, and a small mistake in “doing” can be fatal. The mechanical solutions of cars are not always transparent. Although electronic systems can be queried - the answer must be interpreted. System knowledge Diagnostic equipment designers are innovative - errors are even more ingenious. There is therefore a need for reliable general documentation and a thorough knowledge of the system. We want to help with the latter. We tried to compile the educational material so that it could be used immediately in practice. Learning by doing - differently In addition to the traditional foundation courses (basics of car electricity, use of oscilloscopes, Bosch, Delphi, Denso common rail systems, etc.), we have introduced a very effective tool: we teach on modified cars with completely realistic errors in a few seconds. to be incorporated, which participants must find. Theory or practice? With today’s technique, the question is pointless: you shouldn’t even start repairing without certain theoretical knowledge. In the first part of our course, we will review the theoretical material of the systems involved, and then immediately look at how it works in practice. The technique is constantly changing. The principles are constant. We are waiting for their staff in our courses. Technical HotlineTechnical HotlineNews Offer Covered Areas Contact Nothing is more indicative of our responsibility and care than the creation of one of the most comprehensive and professional technical hotlines in the region. This service is used by our service partners, as they can always ask questions to our technical colleagues, who provide assistance in up to four languages. Most of our technicians are also automotive instructors, with whom our Partners have already met in person at our Open Gate events, exhibitions, workshops and trainings. An invaluable knowledge base, supplier assistance and our own workshop experience are behind them to meet the challenges of our service partners. Tires & RimsTires & RimsNews Portfolio Online Catalog The richness of our portfolio leaves nothing to be desired here: we provide many well-known world brands from our stocks, which reach their destinations in the shortest possible time through our logistics system. Of course, this module also includes additional accessories and supplies: special workshop equipment, lifts, cosmetics, etc. DieselDiesel BusinessNews Portfolio Diesel Services Diagnostics Network Diesel Service Concepts Services Availability One of the special areas of the auto parts market is diesel, which requires a solid professional background and technical knowledge, outstanding product knowledge, diagnostic experience and speed. For services to perform well, they need support and a strong, stable background. We have assessed the needs of the market in this direction, and in Central and Eastern Europe alone, we have developed a complex diesel business that is able to meet the needs of our business partners in all respects. EngineMotor businessNews Portfolio Contact We were not satisfied with building a portfolio of well-known brands in the field of engines. Because the engine is the heart of the car, the parts and components we sell all come from suppliers that supply automakers, but their products can also be found in “racing cars” involved in motorsport. Therefore, we can say that these parts meet the highest quality standards. In addition to a portfolio that meets all needs, we also help our service partners with a technical hotline, various training modules, illustrative didactic model engines and refurbishment services. We also launched our motorcycle and accessories business years ago, and all of our team members ride motorcycles themselves. We also support the work of our partners in the market with a dedicated, enthusiastic, knowledgeable and experienced team. Thanks to our own logistics system, this young business is also showing dynamic development. In addition to the aftermarket and original spare parts, it also provides protective clothing equipment, cosmetics, lubricants and diagnostic solutions for our motorcycle repair partners. Car RefinishingCar refinishingNews Portfolio Services Education Workshop Equipment Contact Even if young, it is safe to say that this field has developed very spectacularly since its inception and has now advanced into a full-service team of experts. In addition to a portfolio of global brands, a trained technical team and instructors also assist the paint shops. LubricantsLubricantNews Portfolio Contact Our group's portfolio includes not only high-quality industrial and automotive lubricants, but also a number of workshop equipment that can be used to replace, store, move, etc. also allow. Like the other modules, we provide complete solutions so that our partners can work comfortably, professionally and in compliance with environmental regulations. RecyclingRecyclingNews Services The Autonet Group not only considers the issue of environmental protection important, but also considers it its task to bring solutions for the proper treatment and recycling of waste generated by the repair industry. Nothing makes this service more relevant than the accession of some countries in the region to the European Union. Fleet ManagementFleet ManagementNews Special partners - with special needs. This module requires special attention or its own team, which in almost all cases must respond to the needs with a personalized solution package. Expanding team, software solutions, personalized offers characterize this module, thus helping the optimal operation of different fleets. Crash ManagementCrash ManagementNews It is closely related to the Car refinishing module, as the goal is common in this process: the importer, the body / paint shop, the insurer and the car owner all want to work professionally and quickly. The strength of our company group guarantees its service partners secure connection systems and continuous work with contracts concluded with many insurers, of course together with the spare parts and accessories used in the processes. Shop ConceptShop conceptNews The main advantage of our modular shop concept is that it offers customized business opportunities and benefits to our partners, regardless of the activity they perform. Whether they are dealers, conceptualized or independent service providers, brand agencies, etc., everyone is sure to find successful business models with marketing, a reliable portfolio and a professional look that benefits them. Commercial VehiclesTransport BusinessNews Services Contact Our Commercial Vehicles business is the most dynamically developing of all Autonet business lines, with a team behind it that offers the highest quality parts and services to commercial vehicle repair shops, fleet operators and beyond. In addition to the world's leading manufacturers, the parts portfolio includes Autonet Import's own product line, QWP, the TruckZone commercial vehicle service concept and much more. Agro Industrial ConstructionAgricultural and Industrial MachineryNews  Mobility for Heroes List of services connected to the program Mobility for Heroes April 15 - May 31, 2020 Success! Gyenes Emánuel won the Malle Moto category at the 2020 Dakar Rally! The 2020 Dakar Rally is over, meaning the last race of the race was held. You have to wait until the afternoon for the official closing, because there will be an award ceremony. Of course the Autonet Motorcycle Team rider is also involved. You can read more news here! Downloadable documents GTC Other downloadable documents Back Warranty Bosch eXchange Bosch diagnostic tools Supplier quality certificates Team and career Our group is characterized by a dynamically developing automotive and repair service provider in the region, 20 years of experience, a team of 1,500 people and a product portfolio of more than 300 brands. See all job opportunities Copyright © 2020 AUTONET IMPORT MAGYAROSZÁG KFT - All rights reserved - The website uses cookies, also known as cookies, to improve the user experience and to ensure its smooth operation. Logistics Product, portfolio Business lines Score New Széchenyi plan Bosch courses Send a message! Cookie settings