Autonet - ECU diagnostics × ABOUT US PRESS ROOM CATALOGS NEWSLETTER PRIVACY CONTACT Search en EN RO EN DE SL ABOUT US PRESS ROOM CATALOGS NEWSLETTER PRIVACY CONTACT Autonet> ECU diagnostics ECU diagnostics devices Control Unit Diagnostic Devices Our world of controller diagnostics has the largest suppliers of coverage, which We supplement it with a technical hotline service. We can fully meet the needs of the workshop in the market with manufacturers who have useful, innovative devices from the automotive development segment through component repair technology to service. BOSCH KTS control unit and FSA component test equipment The most important part and basis of Bosch diagnostic tools is the ESI software. Thanks to subscription modules, any workshop can optimize its diagnostic department. Through the program it is possible to communicate with the control units as well as to perform oscilloscopic component measurements. Complex software that, when paired with the right hardware device, makes the services of a repair shop versatile. It helps workflows maintain and configure systems with repair technology data and component identification. Bosch enables serial and parallel diagnostics of control units and components from car to truck. Available Hardware Platforms: Control Unit Component Testing KTS540 PC Version, Discontinued Models FSA7xx Series PC Version, Fixed Location, No Self Power. KT570 KTS560 PC version, new models FSA500 PC version, mobile design, self-powered. KTS590 KTS350 Handheld control unit, new model FSA050 Handheld tester, High voltage multimeter GUTMANN Mega Macs equipment Gutmann is now under the auspices of the Hella automotive supplier, but has retained its uniqueness and innovative position in the market. Complete diagnostic software and tools developed for special workshop needs can be found in the palette, where the user can individually decide what hardware and what software they want for it. You can choose between hand-held management tools developed by Gutmann and a hardware version that can be installed on a PC. The diagnostic software can be modularly supplemented with a technical database and guided repair instructions, and the knowledge of the largest handheld device also extends to oscilloscopic measurements. The diagnostic coverage of the vehicle control unit ranges from motorcycle to small utility, which can be supplemented with Gutmann-developed test software, HGS Data technical database and guided troubleshooting module after selecting the appropriate hardware. Available hardware platforms: MegaMacs 42 SE Handheld Tester MegaMacs 56 Handheld Tester MegaMacs 66 Handheld Tester MegaMacs PC PC version DELPHI DS devices It solves its diagnostic coverage with a hardware platform and two software programs. The interface is compact and versatile, which includes exhaustive 12V - 24V compatibility, FlightCase on - the - fly testing and a robust rubberized design, as well as software to manage personal and truck software together. You need a PC add-on to use the device, which is also recommended by Delphi, but you can install any Windows7 or later operating system. In the case of a software update, Delphi provides a VTI Online Technical database in addition to the control unit's diagnostic software. TEXA Navigator TXT and Navigator NanoS The basic frame of the equipment is the IDC software, which, depending on the hardware attached to the motorcycle, allows diagnostics through passenger - work - agricultural machinery to entire ships. The IDC software includes plug-in modules that bring Autodata information, guided debugging, and other TEXA apps to life. Navigator NanoS hardware is the smallest full-featured control unit diagnostic platform with coverage from motorcycle to light commercial vehicle. The Navigator TXT hardware is a compact device designed for industrial use, to which any IDC automotive software module can be paired and can be fully diagnosed with the appropriate cable set. To control the hardware with software, TEXA-dedicated management tools are available as Axone or any PC Windows7 op. can be used on a post-system platform after program installation. LAUNCH X-431PRO and X-431PRO3 devices The hardware is based on Android tablets, on which we can perform the control unit diagnostics with the Application software developed by LAUNCH. The software does not speak Hungarian, but thanks to the Android Tablet system it is internationally versatile. In addition to the basic software, it also provides access to vehicle repair community sites, optional Autodata background information, and remote diagnostic access via a GOLO OBD connector. Due to the tablet's wifi capability, any software updates are immediately available. The manufacturer ships its equipment in a complete case with vehicle-specific OBD converters. We provide a Technical Hotline service for any diagnostic equipment purchased from Autonet. Copyright © 2020 AUTONET IMPORT MAGYAROSZÁG KFT - All rights reserved - The website uses cookies, also known as cookies, to improve the user experience and to ensure its smooth operation. Logistics Product, portfolio Business lines Score New Széchenyi plan Bosch courses Send a message! Cookie settings