Autonet - Diesel Network × COMPANY PRESENTATION PRESS ROOM CATALOGS NEWSLETTER PRIVACY CONTACT Search en EN RO HU DE SL COMPANY PRESENTATION PRESS ROOM CATALOGS According to the group's philosophy, the concept of service does not end with the distribution of spare parts. Coordinated operation of the modules creates a choice for our service partners. AUTONET also operates a full-service, modular and special network (developed for a brand or product group). 1. Bosch service concepts Bosch offers service concept solutions on several levels and in several motor categories. The name Bosch is already known to all service providers in the domestic market. Bosch Injection System Short name: BIS Name: Bosch Injection Systems Who we recommend: Injection system repair shops Details: Offers a simple solution for companies diagnosing and repairing petrol and diesel cars. Bosch Car Service Short name: BCS Name: Bosch Car Service Who we recommend: For all those who are able to work in the entire field of car repair, want to constantly innovate, learn Details: It represents a higher level than the BIS concept. The connecting partners are full-service car repair shops with continuous and controlled training. Bosch Car Services undergoes a strict quality control every year by an independent audit firm. Bosch Diesel Service Short name: BDS Name: Bosch Diesel Service Who we recommend: for workshops and garages specializing in the repair of diesel units Details: Specialist in conventional diesel systems. A Bosch Diesel Service workshop specializes in repairing diesel cars. Its scope ranges from conventional, serial, rotary distributor dispensers to EDC systems, but complete motor diagnostics and adjustment are also a requirement. Bosch Diesel Center Short name: BDC Name: Bosch Diesel Center Who we recommend: currently not available service concept for new entrants Details: A Bosch Diesel Center workshop is the pinnacle of the profession. Not only do you need to have in-depth knowledge of Bosch diesel systems, but you also need to be proficient in testing new systems. This includes troubleshooting and even repairing the latest Common Rail (TDCi, CTDi, JTD, CDI, etc.) or Pumpen Düsen (PDTDI) systems. Once the repair is complete, even the visible changes are verified by a performance measurement. 2. Pierburg Service Pierburg Service Short name: PSP Name: Pierburg Service Who we recommend: as an additional service we recommend it to all workshops who are already members of a service concept and want to expand their range Details: The Pierburg system prescribes the fewest conditions, but it can become a concept almost complete a service. Primary supplier of components for vehicles on European roads that are essential accessories for any injection concept repair. This value is enhanced by the accompanying knowledge transfer that can be used on a daily basis. 3. Delphi Diesel Point Diesel Point meets the challenges of common rail technology, in addition to Delphi systems, of course for Bosch, Siemens and Denso. It provides a professional background to your Partners on all technical issues and gives you a step-by-step advantage by using the latest diagnostic devices. With marketing support, you help bring new customers to your workshop. Copyright © 2020 AUTONET IMPORT MAGYAROSZÁG KFT - All rights reserved - The website uses cookies, also known as cookies, to improve the user experience and to ensure its smooth operation. Logistics Product, portfolio Business lines Score New Széchenyi plan Bosch courses Send a message! Cookie settings