Autonet - Company introduction × COMPANY INTRODUCTION PRESS ROOM CATALOGS NEWSLETTER PRIVACY CONTACT Search hu EN RO HU DE SL COMPANY PRESENTATION PRESS ROOM CATALOG ab. aimed at offering new services and solutions to better serve customers. The Autonet Group is one of the leading automotive and repair service providers in the region, offering solutions to the needs of the automotive and repair industry. AUTONET Import Magyarország Kft., Autonet Import SRL in Romania and Autonet Import d.o.o. In Slovenia, it supports the work of automotive and repair partners with a comprehensive product and service portfolio. Lubexpert Romania SRL, Lubexpert Hungária Kft. And Lubexpert Slovakia s.r.o. lubricants are imported and sold, Forsius is a supplier of painting workshops, a distributor of paints, accessories and special workshop equipment. Network Systems sells IT, web, marketing agency, Garage Assist workshop equipment, Point S tires, Dynamic Software Solutions offers IT solutions, and Autonet Management Company performs management tasks. Partslife provides solutions for the treatment and recycling of waste generated by the automotive and repair industries. ATR is practically the advocacy organization of European independent car parts importers and sellers, and today the 268 largest companies in 61 countries are represented in the organization. This membership also has a positive impact on our Partners, as it provides effective assistance in the procurement process, information and concepts. In recent years, the Autonet Group has achieved the largest growth within the ATR, thus contributing to the success and results of the advocacy association. Vision and Mission Vision The automotive profession is a market-leading, integrated solution provider to the renewed, motorized societies of Central and Eastern Europe, guaranteeing mobility, road safety and environmental protection for a higher quality of life. Mission To develop a knowledge-based, customer-oriented service and product trade in which our successful, self-fulfilling team, aware of its high social responsibility, through its professionalism, delivers the product, information, know-how as a complete solution for future automotive repair, maintenance and equipment sectors, mobility, road safety and environmental needs. Copyright © 2020 AUTONET IMPORT MAGYAROSZÁG KFT - All rights reserved - The website uses cookies, also known as cookies, to improve the user experience and to ensure its smooth operation. Logistics Product, portfolio Business lines Score New Széchenyi plan Bosch courses Send a message! Cookie settings