Autonet - PRESS x ABOUT US PRESS ROOM CATALOGS NEWSLETTER PRIVACY CONTACT Search en EN RO EN DE SL ABOUT US PRESS ROOM CATALOGS NEWSLETTER PRIVACY CONTACT Autonet> Press Center Mobility April 15 on the Heroes list of repair shops joined the program Mobility of Heroes, 2020 - Managed 31 May! Gyenes Emánuel won the Malle Moto category at the 2020 Dakar Rally! The 2020 Dakar Rally is over, meaning the last race of the race was held. You have to wait until the afternoon for the official closing, because there will be an award ceremony. Of course the textured parts of the Autonet Motorcycle Team are also involved Textar parts now with a new PROriginal security seal Textar brake pads provide reliable braking force and maximum braking comfort. Vibration dampener Today, new generation engines generate a significant amount of rotational vibration due to the combustion process. After the first race, Mani is in first place in the Malle Moto category. The real race in the 2020 Dakar started on Sunday. On the route between Jeddah and Al Wajh, the competitors completed 319 kilometers and completed 433 connecting sections. The Dakar will start on Saturday, the first real race will be on Sunday. On January 4, this year's Dakar Rally field will start from Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. It will be a kind of festive event, the first real race will be held on Sunday when the riders will go between Jeddah and Al Wajh. In the first race, which is significantly longer than before, there will be 319 kilometers of the measured section out of a total distance of 433 kilometers. Symptoms of an EGR Valve Failure Has your car's EGR (Exhaust Gas Recirculation) Valve failed? Maybe. Below I present the symptoms of the failure. How to take care of your motorcycle even in winter? No matter what kind of motorcycle you have, if you store it in the right conditions in the winter, and especially if you prepare it for your “winter dream,” it will save you from costly repairs early next season. 12345 Copyright © 2020 AUTONET IMPORT MAGYAROSZÁG KFT - All rights reserved - The website uses cookies, also known as cookies, to improve the user experience and to ensure its smooth operation. Logistics Product, portfolio Business lines Score New Széchenyi plan Bosch courses Send a message! Cookie settings