Autonet - Human resources development is Kft Autonet × ABOUT US PRESS ROOM CATALOGS NEWSLETTER PRIVACY CONTACT Search en EN RO EN DE SL ABOUT US PRESS ROOM CATALOGS NEWSLETTER PRIVACY CONTACT Autonet> Human resource development Human Resources of Ltd. Autonet development of Ltd. Autonet company dynamic The basic condition for its development is a well-trained workforce with current professional competencies. The management of our company believes that the individual abilities of our employees contribute greatly to our success. The most important success factor in achieving our long-term strategic goals is a professionally well-trained, motivated, loyal workforce. The constantly renewing business environment, the rapidly changing economic conditions and the development of the profession require that we have up-to-date knowledge and a current attitude. Knowledge once acquired is no longer enough. We need constant updating of information, we need to review our existing knowledge, we have to adjust to current expectations. We have been able to make great progress in the development of the professional and personal competencies of our employees with the help of a tender funded by the European Union for the training of the workforce. In the framework of the TÁMOP-2.1.3.C-12 / 1-2012-0195 tender, courses developing professional and personal competencies were implemented. We won a total of HUF 30,304,500 in support of the trainings. Communication and customer training This course was attended by a total of 37 employees in three groups. During the training, our employees were able to adapt their existing knowledge to the expectations of the spirit of the age in the field of communication, as well as to receive new information for effective customer management. In order to better address the needs and problems of our existing and new customers, we considered this training important as we know that a satisfied customer is the best advertisement. So the performance of our employees in this field greatly contributes to the professional success of our company. Effective communication training The aim of the training is to develop the range of skills related to assertiveness, conflict management, presentation and negotiation techniques. Upon successful completion of the program, the participants should get to know the characteristics of passive, aggressive and assertive behaviors, the tools of assertive behavior, master assertive behaviors and apply them adequately in different situations, gain basic knowledge of assertive behavior methods, thus be able to resolve conflicts in difficult situations. By completing the training, the personal competencies of our employees have developed in the areas of flexibility, independence, self-discipline, self-assertion, problem-solving, self-discipline, consistency, resilience and stress tolerance. In three groups, a total of 37 of our employees participated in this training. Functional leadership training During the course, the personal and professional competencies of the participants in the training developed in the areas of responsibility, the ability to consensus and cooperate, the ability to create and maintain relationships, and motivational feedback. During the training, participants were able to expand and update their existing knowledge on a wide range of management theories, and received practical guidance on the effective implementation of management tasks. In connection with this, they learned new methods for effective and motivating delegation processes and were introduced to modern motivational theories. An important element of the training was the introduction of a coaching approach to management practice, which has already had great success. Life management and vitality training 24 of our employees took part in the training, during which they were able to become aware of their main resources, long-term and short-term goals and, in light of this, learn how to develop effective time management and get acquainted with emotional intelligence. Upon completion of the program, they will be able to apply emotion control and self-regulation techniques more consciously. The participants of the training expanded and developed their competencies in the field of creativity, innovation, empathy, psychic endurance. The training provided an opportunity to learn how to independently develop a personalized stress-reducing lifestyle and stress control program, learn about the physiological, behavioral, and psychological symptoms associated with a stressful condition, and the characteristics of a state of frustration and failure. At the same time, the staff involved in the training were introduced to the features of the problem-focused approach as well as to different coping strategies. Professional training for salespeople With this training, we aimed to enable participants to make progress in the field of conscious sales techniques. During the course, they were able to learn to deal with delicate or unethical tactics with confidence, the importance of developing a counseling approach, and techniques. We considered it important for our employees to acquire new competencies to enhance their personal credibility by promoting a vision that thinks in long-term solutions. Reducing the pressure on our employees due to the competitive situation was also formulated as an achievable goal with the introduction of training. In order to increase efficiency, great emphasis was placed on the completion of sales processes, the conscious use of aftercare techniques and the conscious use of relationship marketing, which can be integrated into the daily routine. In three groups, a total of 36 of our employees participated in this training. Spreadsheet Training Nowadays, computer use has become an essential component of everyday work. And even with simpler word processing programs and the use of the Internet, it is relatively easier for those who do not have a high level of user knowledge, we find that we need to acquire a higher level of information and communication technology knowledge or refresh the existing knowledge. A total of thirty-six of our employees in three groups participated in the spreadsheet training, where they could learn to use Microsoft Office Excel with confidence. In the course of their work, the application of various functions and filters, the raising of data management to a professional level, as well as the creation of statements and diagrams composed of data are of great help in the use of the program. Towards the end of the project, we can say that we managed to make good use of the European Union funds made available to us. Copyright © 2020 AUTONET IMPORT MAGYAROSZÁG KFT - All rights reserved - The website uses cookies, also known as cookies, to improve the user experience and to ensure its smooth operation. Logistics Product, portfolio Business lines Score New Széchenyi plan Bosch courses Send a message! Cookie settings