Autonet - Mobility for Heroes × COMPANY PRESENTATION PRESS ROOM CATALOGS NEWSLETTER PRIVACY CONTACT Search en EN RO HU DE SL COMPANY PRESENTATION PRESS ROOM CATALOG ROAD ›Hourly Together with its strategic suppliers and service networks (Automeister, Auto Check Center, Auto Crew, CarXpert, TruckZone), Magyarország Kft. Launches the “Mobility for Heroes” program in the spirit of social responsibility. The heroes of these difficult times are all those who work to keep us as little affected as possible by the coronavirus (Covid-19). They are the ones who put our safety above their own on the streets or in hospitals and don’t spend time with their loved ones and therefore deserve all the support. Thus, Autonet Import Magyarország Kft., Together with its suppliers and service networks, initiated a campaign for the free repair of vehicles that can be used by the institutions included in the action plan against the pandemic. The free repair only applies to repairs that are essential and essential for safe traffic. AUTONET assumes the value of the parts ordered exclusively from it for the vehicles of the above-mentioned organizations with the help of its strategic suppliers, the range of which is constantly expanding. Repair of private cars is not part of the project, not supported. The repair costs related to the installation of the above-mentioned components are always borne by our service network partners who voluntarily join the program. Assumption of other repair parts and repair costs is not part of the project. For the project, we maintain the following contact details, only for the registration of repair work: e-mail: mobilasahosoknek@autonet-group.com phone number: +36 20 314 9010 At the above contact details, we accept both notifications from the official body and repair requests from our service partners. . All participants in the “Mobility for Heroes” campaign are confident that the initiative will provide real help to organizations working for our health and safety and that together we can more easily overcome difficulties. Copyright © 2020 AUTONET IMPORT MAGYAROSZÁG KFT - All rights reserved - The website uses cookies, also known as cookies, to improve the user experience and to ensure its smooth operation. Logistics Product, portfolio Business lines Score New Széchenyi plan Bosch courses Send a message! Cookie settings