Data protection declaration / B + S Landtechnik GmbH - John Deere sales partner Grabow, Neustadt / Dosse, Klietz, Osterburg × You are currently using a browser version that we no longer support. To give you the best experience on our website, we strongly recommend that you update your browser. Close search News & Events Media Campaigns John Deere Shop Visit the official John Deere website smartphone 038756 / 33-0 B + S Landtechnik GmbH: +49 38756 33-0 B + S Landtechnik GmbH Branch Neustadt: +49 33970 880-0 Service branch Klietz: +49 39327 348 B + S Landtechnik GmbH Osterburg branch: +49 3937 2920-0 place share search home Products keyboard_arrow_right Agricultural technology keyboard_arrow_right Agricultural technology from John Deere Technology for precision agriculture FarmSight solutions Tractors Combine harvesters Self-propelled forage harvesters Plant protection technology Balers Presses Mower conditioners Front loader Gator Transport / Commercial vehicles Sowing machines Private lawn and property care keyboard_arrow_right Private lawn and property care by John Deere robotic lawnmowers Handheld lawn mowers Ride-on mowers and lawn tractors Scarifiers Gator Transport / utility vehicles Compact / municipal tractors Other brands Other brands GRIMME Kuhn Horsch Väderstad Joskin Kramer R also STIHL Stiga Carré used machines spare parts & service keyboard_arrow_right spare parts & service spare parts service service for forestry machines About us keyboard_arrow_right About us News & Events General terms and conditions Finance B + S job offers B + S agricultural technology on tour .... Company history Locations & contact keyboard_arrow_right Locations & Contact B + S Landtechnik GmbH B + S Landtechnik GmbH Branch Neustadt Service Branch Klietz B + S Landtechnik GmbH Branch Osterburg Terms and Conditions Media keyboard_arrow_right Media Image gallery Downloads Links close search Menu Home> Privacy Policy Privacy Policy This document was last modified on: April 8th, 2020 Your trust is ours Company very important, for this reason we observe the legal provisions, in particular the regulations of the Federal Data Protection Act (also "BDSG") and the Telemedia Act (also "TMG") and would like to provide you with the following information about handling clear up with your data. By agreeing to this data protection declaration, you consent to the collection, processing and use of your personal data for the purposes mentioned here. This website is provided by B + S Landtechnik GmbH, hereinafter referred to as "our company". Together with our terms of use and all other documents referred to) determine how our company collects, uses, stores and processes information from users of this website. These data protection provisions apply to this website and to all products and services offered by our company. Responsible for data processing within the meaning of the BDSG and the TMG is B + S Landtechnik GmbH Lassahner Straße 21 19300 Grabow. Data collected by us Our company collects and processes the following data about you: Personal data Personal data is individual information about the personal or factual circumstances of a specific or identifiable natural person (data subject). This includes, for example, your name, your telephone number, your address, as well as all personal data that you give us when you register or create a customer account. We collect personal data in various ways, including when users visit our website, the newsletter Subscribe, fill out a form and order in connection with other activities, services, functions and resources that we provide on our website. Users can always refuse to provide personal data, but this may prevent them from participating in certain activities related to the site. We automatically collect non-personal data and the IP address as soon as they interact with our website. The non-personal data include, for example, the browser name, the computer type and technical information about the connection of the users to our website, such as the operating system, the Internet service provider used and other similar information. Your internet browser also automatically sends us your IP address. This data is collected and used in order to enable the use of the internet pages you have accessed, for statistical purposes and to improve our website (see "Processing the collected data" for details). We only save the IP address for the duration of the visit, there is no personal evaluation. Web browser cookies Immediately when you load our website, a pop-up window appears, after which you must tick the box to explicitly allow the use of cookies during your visit (so-called opt-in solution). You decide yourself about the use of cookies. Our site uses cookies to make visiting our website attractive. A cookie is a small file of characters and numbers that we store on your browser or on your computer's hard drive. Cookies contain information that is transferred to the computer's hard drive. The user's web browser stores cookies for recording purposes, occasionally to track usage information about you. The user can set his own web browser according to his wishes so that cookies are prevented or that he is warned when cookies are sent. Please note that in this case you will not be able to use all the functions of this website to their full extent. For further information, please refer to our cookie policy. Processing of the data collectedOur company collects and uses data from visitors to our website for the following purposes: To improve customer servicePersonal data that you provide us with helps us to respond more efficiently to questions to our customer service and to offer the required support. To improve our website and services, we use the feedback you receive to improve our products and services. We also use automatically transmitted, non-personal data to receive information about the statistics of the website and the visit to our website and to improve the overall function of our website. To send response e-mails, we use the visitor's e-mail address in order to be able to respond to inquiries and / or other concerns. For purposes of advertising, market research or the needs-based design of our website We create user profiles for the purposes of advertising, market research or the needs-based design of our website if pseudonyms are used, provided that the user does not object to this. If you would like to object, please send your objection to: B + S Landtechnik GmbH Lassahner Straße 21 19300 Grabow, info (at) bs-landtechnik (dot) de. For the purpose of sending advertising by email and other communication channels only with separate consent. If you have explicitly consented to this in a separate place, we will send the user interesting emails and / or text messages based on their data, which company news, updates, May contain advertising for products or similar products or service information etc. For this, it is technically necessary for us to summarize the data provided and the usage data and evaluate them for the aforementioned purposes. This is only done internally and only for the aforementioned purposes. If you would like to consent to this, this must be done separately. You can then withdraw your consent at any time with future effect. Social plugins online deactivated buttons In order to make our website more user-friendly for you, we offer the use of Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and LinkedIn on our website. The focus is on the best possible protection of your data and your privacy by using the so-called "2-click social media buttons", i.e. We integrate buttons that are deactivated online in our website, which visitors to our website can activate themselves if they consent to data transfer to the relevant social networks. When calling up websites that contain a plugin that is not deactivated online, the visitor's browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the server of the social network and sends certain data such as the URL of the currently visited page. If the visitor to the website is logged into one of the social networks mentioned, the network in question can assign the visit to the website to the visitor and thus register their surfing behavior. This procedure does not meet our requirements for the protection of your data and your privacy. We therefore use the 2-click solution, with which you decide yourself whether data about your visit is transferred or not. Activation possible The gray-colored social plug-in is activated with a click. The activation is shown by the colored display. After activation, the social plugin can be used with a second click. Activating social plugins means that certain data can be transmitted to the respective provider of the social network, e.g. the URL of the page you are currently visiting and your current IP address . We have no influence on the data collection and processing by the provider of the social network. International processing of the data collected is also possible. Data protection declaration for the use of Facebook plugins (like button) Our website offers the option of using plugins from the social network Facebook, 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. You can recognize the Facebook plugins by the Facebook logo and you can see them here: http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. When you visit our website, the plugin does not yet establish a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server. A data transmission, as described by us in para. 5 described will only take place if you activate the online deactivated social plugins. We are not informed by Facebook about the content of the transmitted data and their use by Facebook and therefore point out the privacy policy of Facebook at http://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php. Data protection declaration for the use of the Google +1 buttonOur pages offer the option of using the Google +1 button from Google Inc. ("Google"). You can recognize the Google +1 button by the Google logo or the Google +1 button ("+1 for this post"). When you visit our website, the plugin does not yet establish a direct connection between your browser and the Google server. A data transmission, as described by us in para. 5 described will only take place if you activate the online deactivated social plugins. We are not informed by Google about the content of the transmitted data and their use and therefore point out Google's data protection declaration at http://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy. Data protection declaration for the use of Twitter Our website offers the option of using functions of the Twitter service. These functions are offered by Twitter Inc., Twitter, Inc. 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. You can recognize the Twitter plugin by the Twitter logo. When you visit our website, the plugin does not yet establish a direct connection between your browser and the Twitter server. A data transmission, as described by us in para. 5 described will only take place if you activate the online deactivated social plugins. We are not informed by Twitter about the content of the transmitted data and their use and therefore point you to Twitter's data protection declaration at http://twitter.com/privacy. Data protection declaration for the use of the LinkedIn Recommend button Our website offers the option of using plugins from the LinkedIn social network of the LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (hereinafter "LinkedIn"). You can recognize the LinkedIn plugins by the LinkedIn logo. When you visit our website, the plugin does not yet establish a direct connection between your browser and the LinkedIn server. A data transmission, as described by us in para. 5 described will only take place if you activate the online deactivated social plugins. We are not informed by LinkedIn about the content of the transmitted data and their use and therefore point out the LinkedIn data protection declaration at http://www.linkedin.com/static?key=privacy_policy&trk=hb_ft_priv. How we store your personal data We store all information that you provide us on specially protected servers. In cases where we have given you a password (or if you have chosen a password) that enables you to access certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. You agree to keep the personal password confidential and not to make it accessible to unauthorized third parties. How we protect your information We take appropriate data collection, storage, processing and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, modification, disclosure or destruction of your personal data, your user name, your password, the transaction information and the stored data on our website. The information collected on this website by B + S Landtechnik GmbH is only saved for the required period and deleted after 1 month if it is no longer required. Disclosure of your personal information The personal information of the users is not sold, passed on commercially or rented to third parties. For the purposes of market research by other service providers, we only transmit anonymized usage data. Personal data will only be passed on to third parties if this is necessary for the purpose of contract execution or billing or if you have given your prior consent. However, this disclosure only takes place with regard to information that the third parties need to fulfill their tasks. Any other use of the data is not permitted. These parties may only use your data in accordance with our instructions and as permitted by law. Personal data will only be passed on for marketing purposes (e.g. customer surveys) if you give your separate consent. If you would like to consent to this, this must be done separately. You can then withdraw your consent at any time with future effect. Third-party websites Users can find advertising or other content on our website that links them to the website and the services of our partners, suppliers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not review the content or link that appears on this page and are not responsible for the practices of websites to which you have been connected from our website or which you have linked to our website. In addition, these pages and services, including their content and links, are subject to change. These sites and services have their own privacy and customer service policies. When browsing and interacting with another website, including websites that link to our website, this website is subject to its own rules and regulations. Right to information Any request for your data should be sent to B + S Landtechnik GmbH. You can exercise this right at any time by contacting us at info (at) bs-landtechnik (dot) de. We would like to point out that you can revoke any data protection consent you may have given us with effect for the future at any time. Any - in the context of this data protection declaration - we create user profiles for advertising and market research purposes as well as for needs-based design You can object to our website at any time. To do this, please send an email, fax or letter to the following address: B + S Landtechnik GmbH Lassahner Straße 21 19300 Grabow, info (at) bs-landtechnik (dot) de Deletion Your data will be deleted if you assert this and if statutory retention requirements do not conflict with this. In addition, even if the data is no longer required to fulfill the purpose for which it was stored or if the storage is not permitted for other reasons. Changes to this privacy policy Our company has the right to update this privacy policy at any time. In the event that we exercise this right, we will indicate the update date at the end of this page. We recommend that users check this page frequently for such changes to understand how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You agree that it is your responsibility to regularly review this privacy policy and to become aware of changes. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices on this site or the use of this site, please contact us at: Lassahner Strasse 21 19300 Grabow. Use of this website is also subject to the acceptance of the following MOONDA privacy policy: This document was last updated Modified: 04/08/2020 MOONDA data protection declaration The information collected on this website is also processed by the company MOONDA, which offers this service under license and whose server and technical team are located in France. In accordance with your rights and freedoms, you can access your data or make an inquiry about your data by contacting the following email address: dataprivacy@moonda.com. You can also learn more about tracking on this website and manage your preferences by visiting the website's cookie policy. Please refer to the following table to find out more about the MOONDA guidelines on memory limitation: Type of data Policy on memory limitation All forms that refer to the data entered on this website (callback forms, general contact forms, contact forms for used equipment, advertising order forms ) will be used to process your request and to contact you according to your request. This data will be collected to process your request, and your consent to our storage limit guidelines will be required before submitting forms on this website. Data that we have saved before May 28, 2018 will be deleted. From now on, your data will be kept for one year after the date on which the form was sent to the retailer, and MOONDA will not transmit this data outside the European Union, unless the retailer organization that manages the website is located itself outside the European Union. The newsletter subscription is recorded to provide you with information about the dealer company. This data is collected by B + S Landtechnik GmbH for the purpose of sending e-mails, advertising material and to improve your customer service.You will receive your consent to your newsletter subscription by entering your e-mail address in the newsletter subscription form . Mailchimp also registers your clicks and openings as well as other statistical data that allow us to improve our marketing and provide you with more relevant information. You can opt out of unsubscribing from e-mails using the link at the end of the newsletter that you will then receive If this website goes offline, we will remove your data from our newsletter mailing service. (Mailchimp) Your data will be transmitted to Mailchimp and saved in the USA. Mailchimp complies with the EU Privacy Shield Framework and has the necessary certification to process EU citizen data on our behalf. You can view Mailchimp's privacy policy here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/ Analysis tracking data is collected to improve your experience on this website and to evaluate our marketing. This data is collected by B + S Landtechnik GmbH and MOONDA in order to improve your experience on this website. Your consent to Google Analytics tracking is managed in the cookie banner, via the link "Edit cookie settings" in the footer The data collected by the MOONDA Google Analytics account is anonymized to IP and will be deleted after thirty-six (36) months. The data managed by Google Analytics can be transferred outside the European Union, but enjoy the same protection as all of the data described here Google: https://policies.google.com/privacy/update#enforcement Advertising information B + S Landtechnik GmbH Lassahner Straße 21 19300 Grabow Tel. +49 38756 33-0 Fax +49 38756 33-19 info (at) bs-landtechnik (dot) de B + S Landtechnik GmbH Branch Neustadt industrial area North 1-2 16845 Neustadt / Dosse Tel. +49 33970 880-0 Fax +49 33970 880-129 neustadt (at) bs-landtechnik (dot) de Service branch office Klietz Sandauer Straße 17 39524 Klietz Tel. +49 39327 348 Fax +49 39327 939966 neustadt (at) bs-landtechnik (dot) de B + S Landtechnik GmbH Branch Osterburg Schilddorf 12 39606 Osterburg Tel. +49 3937 2920-0 Fax +49 3937 2920-25 osterburg (at) bs-landtechnik (dot) de Edit cookie settings Privacy policy Imprint Legal information Sitemap B + S Landtechnik GmbH, John Deere sales partner Grabow, Neustadt / Dosse, Klietz, Osterburg VAT: DE137688842 John Deere sales partner Germany