Legal information / B + S Landtechnik GmbH - John Deere sales partner Grabow, Neustadt / Dosse, Klietz, Osterburg × You are currently using a browser version that we no longer support. To give you the best experience on our website, we strongly recommend that you update your browser. Close search News & Events Media Campaigns John Deere Shop Visit the official John Deere website smartphone 038756 / 33-0 B + S Landtechnik GmbH: +49 38756 33-0 B + S Landtechnik GmbH Branch Neustadt: +49 33970 880-0 Service branch Klietz: +49 39327 348 B + S Landtechnik GmbH Osterburg branch: +49 3937 2920-0 place share search home Products keyboard_arrow_right Agricultural technology keyboard_arrow_right Agricultural technology from John Deere Technology for precision agriculture FarmSight solutions Tractors Combine harvesters Self-propelled forage harvesters Plant protection technology Balers Presses Mower conditioners Front loader Gator Transport / Commercial vehicles Sowing machines Private lawn and property care keyboard_arrow_right Private lawn and property care by John Deere robotic lawnmowers Handheld lawn mowers Ride-on mowers and lawn tractors Scarifiers Gator Transport / utility vehicles Compact / municipal tractors Other brands Other brands GRIMME Kuhn Horsch Väderstad Joskin Kramer R also STIHL Stiga Carré used machines spare parts & service keyboard_arrow_right spare parts & service spare parts service service for forestry machines About us keyboard_arrow_right About us News & Events General terms and conditions Finance B + S job offers B + S agricultural technology on tour .... Company history Locations & contact keyboard_arrow_right Locations & Contact B + S Landtechnik GmbH B + S Landtechnik GmbH Branch Neustadt Service Branch Klietz B + S Landtechnik GmbH Branch Osterburg Terms and Conditions Media keyboard_arrow_right Media Image gallery Downloads Links close search Menu Home> Legal notice ... Legal notice Certain contents of this website were created by Deere & Company provided, the website layout was designed by Deere & Company and a license was granted to Moonda. Deere & Company is and remains the sole and unrestricted owner of all copyrights for all content made available by Deere & Company for the present website, all rights to databases, drawings, as well as all intellectual property rights regarding and in connection with the selection and the Arrangement of texts and drawings, markups / layouts / scripts, with software compilations, with the underlying sources (hypertext mark up language and scripts) and any other material. Without prior written consent from Deere & Company, the reproduction of products from Deere & Company and / or John Deere related content on the website, in whatever form, electronically or otherwise, is prohibited unless it is a reproduction for your personal, non-commercial use or a temporary reproduction in connection with the use of this website. Deere & Company distributors are authorized to make an electronic copy of the promotional material published on this website and to print it out for the benefit and use of its customers and potential customers, provided that the copyright notices appear on these printouts. The protection and security of personal data is a top priority for us. Therefore, we strictly adhere to the rules of the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG). In the following, you will be informed about what type of data is collected and for what purpose it is collected: 1. Data transmission / data logging When you visit this page, the web server automatically records log files that cannot be assigned to a specific person. These data include e.g. B. the browser type and version, operating system used, referrer URL (the previously visited page), IP address of the requesting computer, access date and time of the server request and the file request of the client (file name and URL). This data is only collected for statistical analysis. It will not be passed on to third parties for commercial or non-commercial purposes. 2. Use of personal data Personal data is only collected or processed if you voluntarily provide this information, e.g. in the context of an inquiry. If there are no necessary reasons in connection with a business transaction, you can revoke the previously granted approval of your personal data storage at any time with immediate effect in writing (e.g. by email or fax). Your data will not be passed on to third parties, unless a transfer is required due to legal regulations. 3. Information, change and deletion of your data In accordance with applicable law, you can ask us in writing at any time whether and which personal data we have stored about you. You will receive a corresponding notification immediately. 4. Security of your data Your personal data provided to us will be secured by taking all technical and organizational security measures so that they are inaccessible to access by unauthorized third parties. When sending very sensitive data or information, it is advisable to use the postal service, as complete data security by email cannot be guaranteed. 5. Note on Google Analytics This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", i.e. H. Text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity for website operators and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if this is required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Under no circumstances will Google link your IP address with other Google data. You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.6. Cookies On some of our pages we use so-called "session cookies" to make it easier for you to use our website. These are small text files that are only stored on your hard drive for the duration of your visit to our website and, depending on the settings in your browser program, are deleted when the browser is closed. These cookies do not retrieve information about you stored on your hard drive and do not affect your PC or your files. Most browsers are set to automatically accept cookies. However, you can deactivate the storage of cookies or set your browser so that it notifies you of the sending of cookies. 7. Changes to this Privacy Policy We will update this policy to protect your personal information from time to time. You should check out these guidelines from time to time to keep up to date with how we protect your information and continually improve the content of our website. If we make significant changes to the collection, use and / or disclosure of the personal data you have provided to us, we will notify you of this by means of a clear and clearly visible notice on the website. By using the website, you agree to the terms of these guidelines for the protection of personal data. Data protection officer Holger DoerksLouis-Gellersen-Weg 821271 Hanstedt in Nordheidedoerks@derlogistikcoach.dewww.derlogistikcoach.de Terms and Conditions AGBs_2018.pdf 1.07 MB Advertising information B + S Landtechnik GmbH Lassahner Straße 21 19300 Grabow Tel. +49 38756 33-0 Fax +49 38756 33-19 info (at) bs-landtechnik (dot) de B + S Landtechnik GmbH Branch Neustadt Commercial Area North 1-2 16845 Neustadt / Dosse Tel. +49 33970 880-0 Fax +49 33970 880-129 neustadt (at) bs -landtechnik (dot) de Service branch office Klietz Sandauer Straße 17 39524 Klietz Tel. +49 39327 348 Fax +49 39327 939966 neustadt (at) bs-landtechnik (dot) de B + S Landtechnik GmbH Branch Osterburg Schilddorf 12 39606 Osterburg Tel. +49 3937 2920-0 Fax +49 3937 2920-25 osterburg (at) bs-landtechnik (dot) de Edit cookie settings Privacy policy Imprint Legal information Sitemap B + S Landtechnik GmbH, John Deere Sales partner Grabow, Neustadt / Dosse, Klietz, Osterburg VAT : DE137688842 John Deere Sales partner Germany