Imprint - Ertls KFZ-Werkstatt 08102 - 995 9910 info@ertlskfzwerkstatt.de Home Services Inspections Repairs Repair Oldtimer Service BMW Specialist Tires / Rims HU / AU Electric / Hybrid Contact Select page Imprint According to § 28 BDSG I contradict every commercial use and transfer of our data. Area of ​​responsibility: The imprint only applies to the website at the address: https://www.ertlskfzwerkstatt.de Delimitation: The web presence is part of the WWW and is accordingly linked to third-party websites that can change at any time, and therefore not are subject to this area of ​​responsibility and do not apply to the following information. It was checked exactly once that the links did not violate customs or laws before they were included here. You can recognize such links that lead to third-party web projects: font symbol, color change when mouse-over, etc. Responsible contact: Ertan Bacaksiz Address: Ernst-Heinkel-Ring 8, 85662 Hohenbrunn Electronic mail address: info@ertlskfzwerkstatt.de Fast electronic and Immediate communication: 08102 995 9910 Purpose of this web project: Website, service Journalistic-editorial responsibility: Ernst-Heinkel-Ring 8, 85662 Hohenbrunn Protection right is being claimed for: www.ertlskfzwerkstatt.de Realized by: atemzug marketing Copyright protection and use: The author gives you permission Specifically, the right to use a private copy for personal purposes. However, you are not authorized to change the materials and / or to pass them on or even to publish them yourself. Unless expressly stated otherwise, the copyrights for texts are attached to: atemzug marketing Illustrations are subject to the copyrights of: ertlskfzwerkstatt.de & atemzug marketing Data protection: Personal data is only collected with your knowledge and consent. Upon request, you will receive information about the personal data stored about you free of charge. For more information on data protection, please refer to our data protection declaration. If you have any further questions, please contact: Ertan Bacaksiz, info@ertlskfzwerkstatt.de No liability: The content of this web project has been carefully checked and to the best of our knowledge. But the information presented here is not exhaustive, up-to-date, quality and correct. No responsibility can be accepted for damage caused by trust in the content of this website or its use. Infringement of property rights: If you suspect that one of your property rights is being violated by this website, https://www.ertlskfzwerkstatt.de, please inform us immediately by electronic mail so that remedial action can be taken quickly. Please take note: The more time-consuming involvement of a lawyer to issue a warning for the service provider does not correspond to his real or presumed will. Disputes: The European Commission provides a platform for out-of-court online dispute resolution (OS platform), available at * http: //ec.europa.eu/odr* Services You can find an overview of our range of services on the corresponding subpage. Service overview Directions How to get your vehicle to our location in Hohenbrunn. Route Call us  Phone 08102 - 995 9910  E-mail address info@ertlskfzwerkstatt.de Contact Imprint | Privacy Policy Powered by atemzug marketing © 2020 Ertl's car workshop Make an appointment