Data protection - Ertls KFZ-Werkstatt 08102 - 995 9910 info@ertlskfzwerkstatt.de Home Services Inspections Repairs Repair Oldtimer Service BMW specialist Tires / Rims HU / AU Elektro / Hybrid Contact Select page Data protection Basic information on data processing We at Ertl's KFZ Werkstatt (hereinafter "WE" or "Ertl's KFZ Werkstatt") attach great importance to the protection of your data and the protection of your privacy. Your data is protected in accordance with legal regulations. Below you will find information on what data is collected during your visit and how it is used. We collect, process and use users' personal data only in compliance with the relevant data protection regulations. This means that the data of the users will only be used if there is legal permission or consent. We take organizational, contractual and technical security measures in accordance with the state of the art to ensure that the provisions of data protection laws are complied with and thus that the data managed by us is protected against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction or against access by unauthorized persons protect. Collection, processing and use of personal data The personal data of the users are used for the execution of our services, services and user services. When contacting us, e.g. Via the contact form, the information is stored for the purpose of processing the request and in the event that follow-up questions arise. The personal data will be deleted if they are no longer necessary or if there are no legal storage obligations to prevent deletion. Site operator and responsible body i.S.d. Section 13 (1) TMG / Section 3 (7) BDSG The responsible body in terms of data protection law is: Ertan Bacaksiz Ernst-Heinkel-Ring 18, 85662 Hohenbrunn Email: info@ertlskfzwerkstatt.de Secure data transmission Your personal data will be safe with us transmitted through encryption. This applies to your order and also to the customer login. We use the SSL (Secure Socket Layer) coding system. Furthermore, we secure our websites and other systems by technical and organizational measures against loss, destruction, access, modification or distribution of your data by unauthorized persons. Anonymous / pseudonymized use of the website / online shop In principle, you can visit our website without providing any personal data. Pseudonymized usage data is not merged with the data of the bearer of the pseudonym. A pseudonymous usage profile is not created. Server log files The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are: IP address Date and time of the request Time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) Content of the request (specific page) Access status / HTTP status code Data volume transferred Website from which the request comes Which browser operating system and its interface Language and version the browser software. This data cannot be assigned to specific people. This data is not merged with other data sources. We reserve the right to check this data retrospectively if we become aware of specific indications of illegal use. Access data Personal data is only collected by Ertl's KFZ Werkstatt via its website to the extent that is technically necessary (name of the file accessed, date and time of access, amount of data transferred, notification of successful access, browser type and version, the user's operating system, referrer URL (the previously visited page) and the requesting provider). This data cannot be assigned to specific people by Ertl’s KFZ Werkstatt and is also not combined with data from other data sources from atemzug marketing. You have the following rights vis-à-vis us with regard to your personal data: - Right to information, - Right to correction or deletion, - Right to restriction of processing, - Right to object to processing, - Right to data portability. Comments on the blog (News) If you make a comment on the blog (News), your IP address will be saved. For our security, this happens if someone writes illegal content in the comments (insults, prohibited political propaganda, etc.). In this case, we could be held responsible for the comment and are therefore interested in the identity of the commentator. However, these comment IP addresses will be deleted as soon as we have read the comments. This is usually done within a few hours. The follow-up comments can be subscribed to. You will receive a confirmation email to check whether you are the owner of the email address entered. You can unsubscribe from comment subscriptions at any time. The confirmation email will contain notices. When registering and confirming the registration, the IP address is saved with the time in order to be able to prove the registration in case of doubt. Akismet Anti-Spam Our websites use the "Akismet" service offered by Automattic, Inc. 132 Hawthorne Street San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. With the help of this service, comments from real people are distinguished from spam comments. For this purpose, all comments are sent to a server in the USA, where they are analyzed and stored for four days for comparison purposes. If a comment has been classified as spam, the data will be saved beyond this time. These details include the entered name, email address, IP address, comment content, referrer, details of the browser used and the computer system and the time of the entry. Further information on the collection and use of data by Akismet can be found in Automattic's data protection information: https://automattic.com/privacy/. You can completely prevent the transfer of data by not using our comment system. That would be a shame, but unfortunately we don't see any other alternatives that work just as effectively. Cookies Cookies are information that is transmitted from our web server or third party web servers to the user's web browser and stored there for later retrieval. Cookies can be small files or other types of information storage. Users are informed about the use of cookies in the context of pseudonymous range measurement in the context of this data protection declaration. Viewing this online offer is also possible with the exclusion of cookies. If users do not want cookies to be stored on their computer, they are asked to deactivate the corresponding option in the system settings of their browser. Stored cookies can be deleted in the system settings of the browser. The exclusion of cookies can lead to functional restrictions of this online offer. There is a possibility of many online advertising cookies from companies via the US website http://www.aboutads.info/choices or the European website http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad- choices / manage. Notes on the newsletter and consent With the following information, we will clarify the content of our newsletter as well as the registration, shipping and statistical evaluation procedures as well as your right to object. By subscribing to our newsletter, you agree to the receipt and the procedures described. Content of the newsletter We send newsletters, e-mails and other electronic notifications with advertising information (hereinafter "newsletter") only with the consent of the recipient or a legal permission. Insofar as the content of a newsletter is specifically described, it is decisive for the consent of the user. In addition, our newsletters contain information on industry topics, in particular from the area of ​​web design, SEO, marketing, data protection and our company (this may include references to blog posts, lectures or workshops, our services or online presence). Double opt-in and logging The registration for our newsletter takes place in a so-called double opt-in procedure. I.e. After registering, you will receive an email asking you to confirm your registration. This confirmation is necessary so that no one can register with someone else's email address. The registrations for the newsletter are logged in order to be able to demonstrate the registration process in accordance with the legal requirements. This includes storing the time of registration and confirmation, as well as the IP address. Registration data To register for the newsletter, it is sufficient to provide your email address. Online access and data management There are cases in which we direct newsletter recipients to the atemzug marketing website. E.g. our newsletters contain a link with which the newsletter recipients can access the newsletters online (e.g. if there are display problems in the email program). Newsletter recipients can also save their data, e.g. correct the email address later. Cancellation / Revocation You can cancel the receipt of our newsletter at any time, i.e. Revoke your consent. You will find a link to cancel the newsletter at the end of each newsletter. Facebook Social Plugins Our online offer uses social plugins (“plugins”) from the social network facebook.com, which is operated by Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbor, Dublin 2, Ireland (“Facebook”). The plugins can be recognized by one of the Facebook logos (white "f" on a blue tile, the terms "Like", "Like" or a "thumbs up" sign) or are marked with the addition "Facebook Social Plugin". The list and the appearance of the Facebook social plugins can be viewed here: https: //developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. When a user calls up a function of this online offer that contains such a plugin, his device establishes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plug-in is transmitted from Facebook directly to the user's device, which integrates it into the online offer. User profiles of the users can be created from the processed data. We therefore have no influence on the scope of the data that Facebook collects with the help of this plugin and therefore inform the users according to our knowledge. By integrating the plugins, Facebook receives the information that a user has called up the corresponding page of the online offer. If the user is logged into Facebook, Facebook can assign the visit to their Facebook account. If users interact with the plugins, for example by pressing the Like button or leaving a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from your device directly to Facebook and stored there. If a user is not a member of Facebook, there is still the possibility that Facebook will find out and save his IP address. According to Facebook, only an anonymized IP address is saved in Germany. The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook as well as the related rights and setting options for protecting the privacy of users can be found in Facebook's data protection information: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ . If a user is a Facebook member and does not want Facebook to collect data about him via this online offer and link it to his member data stored on Facebook, he must log out of Facebook before using our online offer and delete his cookies. Further settings and contradictions regarding the use of data for advertising purposes are possible within the Facebook profile settings: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads or via the US website http://www.aboutads.info / choices / or the EU site http://www.youronlinechoices.com/. The settings are platform independent, i.e. they are adopted for all devices, such as desktop computers or mobile devices. Use of Addthis plugins This website uses "Addthis" plugins, which are provided by AddThis LLC, Inc. 8000 Westpark Drive, Suite 625, McLean, VA 2210, USA; hereinafter called AddThis LLC. With the “Addthis” plug-in, AddThis LLC enables the use of so-called spreading fields (sharebuttons) with which the individual websites can be recommended via social networks on the Internet or saved with different bookmark providers (bookmarking service). The various Addthis logos that contain the plugin can be viewed at the following link: https://www.addthis.com/get/sharing. When you visit our website from such a plugin, a connection to the AddThis servers in the USA is established and the plugin is displayed on the website by notifying your browser. Both your IP address and the information about which of our websites you have visited are transmitted to the AddThis server. In this respect, cookies are used. Cookies are small text files that are stored locally in the cache of the website visitor's Internet browser. Cookies enable recognition of the Internet browser. AddThis LLC creates anonymized user profiles from this data. These serve to adapt online offers even better to the respective needs. You can find more information on the collection and processing of the transmitted data by AddThis LLC at http://www.addthis.com/privacy/privacy-policy. You can object to the data collection and storage by AddThis LLC at any time with future effect by placing an opt-out cookie on the website http://www.addthis.com http: //www.addthis .com / privacy / opt-out. You can also prevent the Addthis plugins from loading by installing appropriate add-ons in your browser. Other integration of third-party services and content It may happen that third-party content, such as videos from YouTube, maps from Google Maps, RSS feeds or graphics from other websites, is integrated within this online offer. This always presupposes that the providers of this content (hereinafter referred to as "third-party providers") perceive the IP address of the users. Because without the IP address, they could not send the content to the browser of the respective user. The IP address is therefore required to display this content. We strive to only use content whose respective providers only use the IP address to deliver the content. However, we have no influence on whether the third-party provider uses the IP address e.g. save for statistical purposes. As far as we know, we will inform the users about it. Rights of users and deletion of data Users have the right to request information free of charge about the personal data that we have stored about them. In addition, users have the right to correct inaccurate data, revoke their consent, block and delete their personal data and the right to file a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority in the event that illegal data processing is accepted. The data stored by us will be deleted as soon as they are no longer required for their intended purpose and the deletion does not conflict with any statutory retention requirements. Changes to the data protection declaration We reserve the right to change the data protection declaration in order to adapt it to changes in the legal situation or in the event of changes to the offer, the service and the data processing. However, this only applies to explanations of data processing. If user consent is required or parts of the data protection declaration contain provisions of the contractual relationship with the users, the changes will only be made with the consent of the user. Users are asked to inform themselves regularly about the content of the data protection declaration. Further information atemzug marketing always endeavors to save your personal data by taking all technical and organizational options so that they are not accessible to third parties. When communicating by e-mail, complete data security cannot be guaranteed, so we recommend that you post confidential information or use one of our secure data servers. The employees and the service companies commissioned by Ertl’s KFZ Werkstatt are obliged by Ertl’s KFZ Werkstatt to maintain confidentiality and to comply with the provisions of the Federal Data Protection Act and other applicable data protection regulations. Responsible body in terms of data protection law Ertan Bacaksiz Address: Ernst-Heinkel-Ring 1, 85662 Hohenbrunn Electronic postal address: info@ertlskfzwerkstatt.de Fast electronic and direct communication: 08102 995 9910 Services You can find an overview of our range of services on the corresponding subpage. Service overview Directions How to get your vehicle to our location in Hohenbrunn. Route Call us  Phone 08102 - 995 9910  E-mail address info@ertlskfzwerkstattd.de Contact Imprint | Privacy Policy Powered by atemzug marketing © 2020 Ertl's car workshop Make an appointment