Ertls KFZ Werkstatt - Specialist for electric and hybrid vehicles 08102 - 995 9910 info@ertlskfzwerkstatt.de Home Services Inspections Repairs Repairs Oldtimer Service BMW specialist Tires / Rims HU / AU Electric / Hybrid Contact Select page Electric / Hybrid Our offer in the area of ​​electric / Hybrid Trained and certified employees offer the complete service for e-vehicles and hybrids: ^ Inspection and maintenance according to the manufacturer's instructions ^ Wear ^ Wheel and tire service ^ Stone chip and window service ^ Accident repairs A decisive advantage of the electric car over normal cars is that the time-consuming oil changes, the replacement of exhaust systems and clutches and other maintenance work are not necessary. However, anyone who now assumes that you can safely do without any maintenance work on an electric car is extremely wrong. Even if the maintenance and repair of an electric car is completely different from that of a conventional car, regular inspection is also extremely important here in order to guarantee that all functions are always in perfect condition. These inspections are also important in order to maintain the manufacturer's guarantee and the resale value of the vehicle. What needs to be taken into account when servicing an electric car is explained below. Maintenance of an electric car is a lot cheaper The purchase of an electric car is relatively expensive compared to a conventional car, but the environmentally friendly electric cars can score with the fact that they are a lot cheaper to maintain. The correct inspection Since maintenance-intensive components such as spark plugs and oil filters are completely eliminated in an electric car and the brake pads also have to be replaced less frequently, the inspections can be carried out at longer intervals than for vehicles with an internal combustion engine. However, you should make sure that the battery is properly maintained. This is the most expensive component of an electric car; if it breaks, total economic loss is possible. Due to the high voltage of the battery and the complicated electronics, the TÜV advises to only deliver electric cars to special workshops with suitable staff. We are a qualified workshop for electric cars and hybrids and offer the complete service for electric vehicles. Services You can find an overview of our range of services here. Services Directions How to get to our location in Hohenbrunn with your vehicle. Route Call us  Phone 08102 - 995 9910  E-mail address info@ertlskfzwerkstatt.de Contact Imprint | Privacy Policy Powered by atemzug marketing © 2020 Ertl's car workshop Make an appointment