Ertl's car workshop - BMW specialist in Hohenbrunn 08102 - 995 9910 info@ertlskfzwerkstatt.de Home Services Inspections Repairs Repairs Vintage service BMW specialist Tires / rims HU / AU electric / hybrid Contact Select page BMW specialist Our BMW service As a car Masters with many years of BMW experience are particularly fond of these vehicles. Whether mechanics, electronics or body - we are the competent contact for you in all areas: ^ Oil change ^ Filter change ^ Read fault memory ^ Brakes ^ Exhaust ^ Service interval ^ Electrics / electronics ^ Rockfall windshield ^ Air conditioning service ^ Axle measurement ^ Tire service ^ Repair of break-in damage ^ Eliminating accident damage Our well-trained and experienced employees, modern BMW equipment and the use of high-quality original and aftermarket spare parts ensure that we work at the professional and qualitative level of authorized workshops. With our specialization in the repair and repair of all BMW models, we can also offer you a professional service. As a motor vehicle master workshop, we carry out all maintenance and repair work reliably and with high quality for all common vehicle types in the areas of engine technology, chassis technology and vehicle electrics. Our workshop is among others equipped with the BMW test equipment and all BMW special tools. You only get original spare parts or parts in original equipment quality from us. We also work according to the specified guidelines of the respective manufacturers and invoice according to their labor values. These include: all inspections and maintenance engines - repair and overhaul, tuning - ALPINA, BMW, BMW Motorsport, Schnitzer ... Catalytic converter - installation, retrofitting and repair, air conditioning systems - maintenance and installation, gearbox - repair and overhaul of manual, automatic and steering gears, maintenance and overhaul of chassis, retrofitting of towbars. Services An overview of our range of services can be found here. Services Directions How to get to our location in Hohenbrunn with your vehicle. Route Call us  Phone 08102 - 995 9910  E-mail address info@ertlskfzwerkstatt.de Contact Imprint | Privacy Policy Powered by atemzug marketing © 2020 Ertl's car workshop Make an appointment