Ertls KFZ Werkstatt Hohenbrunn - Exhaust and main inspections 08102 - 995 9910 info@ertlskfzwerkstatt.de Home Services Inspections Repairs Repairs Oldtimer Service BMW specialist Tires / Rims HU / AU Electro / Hybrid Contact Select page HU / AU We carry out exhaust and main inspections for all types of vehicles. If you travel a lot, you have to make sure that the mobile base is always in good condition and properly maintained. The legislator also helps with the mandatory main inspection (HU or "TÜV" in the vernacular, whereby the TÜV no longer has a monopoly on this inspection) and the exhaust gas inspection (AU) that takes place at the same time. Again and again questions arise about the examinations and we give you answers: Who is responsible for the exhaust gas and main inspection? The AU can be carried out in a workshop with AU approval, but also in a test center such as the TÜV. The main inspection may only be carried out by an authorized test organization, such as the TÜV or DEKRA. Your advantage: You no longer have to go there, because a competent expert comes to our service center and carries out the HU there. When must the HU take place? With every examination you will receive a sticker on the license plate, from which the next appointment can be easily read. In the middle of the sticker you will find the year in which the HU is due. The number in the middle in the middle marks the month when the next examination must take place. The first examination of a car is due after three years, all other HUs are then carried out every two years. The same dates apply to the HU and the AU because they are now carried out in parallel. Of course, you can also have your vehicle checked by us in the meantime, so that you do not experience any nasty surprises during the examinations, please contact our employees for an appointment. Our services at a glance: HU and AU service in accordance with §29 / §47 by recognized test experts vehicle control (brake check, light test, general defect check) can. Nothing happens without your knowledge. Services You can find an overview of our range of services here. Services Directions How to get to our location in Hohenbrunn with your vehicle. Route Call us  Phone 08102 - 995 9910  E-mail address info@ertlskfzwerkstatt.de Contact Imprint | Privacy Policy Powered by atemzug marketing © 2020 Ertl's car workshop Make an appointment