Imprint Auto Franke Another WordPress page Show Navigation Hide Navigation News Auto Repair Autoservice Contact Imprint Auto Franke GmbH Owner Marina Erdbrügge (née Franke) & Werner Franke Münsterstr. 52b 48167 Münster Tel. 0 25 06/22 21 Fax. 0 25 06/26 33 E-Mail: Auto-Franke@t-online.de The respective provider or operator of the website is always responsible for the content of linked websites. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time the link was created. No illegal content was discernible at the time the link was created. A permanent control of the content of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of an infringement. Upon notification of rights violations, such links will be removed promptly. Concept and development: Moritz Pilz - Web design and online marketing Münster Disclaimer: Liability for content The content of our website was created with great care. However, we cannot guarantee that the content is correct, complete and up to date. As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages in accordance with general laws in accordance with Section 7 (1) TMG. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, we as a service provider are not obliged to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the time we become aware of a specific legal violation. As soon as we become aware of such violations, we will remove this content immediately. Liability for links Our offer contains links to external third-party websites, the content of which we have no influence on. For this reason, we cannot accept any liability for this external content. The respective provider or operator is always responsible for the content of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time the link was created. No illegal content was discernible at the time the link was created. A permanent control of the content of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of an infringement. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately. Copyright The content and works on these pages created by the site operator are subject to German copyright law. The duplication, processing, distribution and any kind of use outside the limits of copyright law require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of this page are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. As far as the content on this page was not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are respected. In particular contents of third parties are marked as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, please let us know. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such content immediately. Contact Auto Franke GmbH Tel: 0 25 06/22 21 E-Mail: Auto-Franke@t-online.de Opening times Mon-Thu 7.30 a.m. - 5.30 p.m. Fri 7.30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Location Auto Franke GmbH Münsterstraße 52b 48167 Münster Data protection declaration Imprint