Car repair and competent all-round service for vehicles of all brands - Auto Franke Münster Wolbeck. Auto Franke Another WordPress page Show Navigation Hide Navigation News Car repair Car service Contact Car repair and competent all-round service for vehicles of all brands - Auto Franke Münster Wolbeck. http://autofranke.de/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/video-werkstatt-franke.mp4 Welcome to Auto Franke, your auto workshop in Münster Wolbeck. With 35 years of experience, we offer professional repair and maintenance of all brands in Münster. Our competent staff will advise you individually and work out a suitable offer for a car repair or service that is tailored to the needs of your vehicle. We use state-of-the-art analysis methods and have a strong logistics partner behind us, so that we always have the right spare part for your vehicle. Tire service and tire storage in Münster Wolbeck In addition to car repairs, the car repair shop of master car mechanic Werner Franke also offers tire service, which not only includes changing tires, but also cost-effective storage of your other tires. Professional advice and competent work at fair prices For us, the customer always comes first! If you want to be treated fairly and reliably in all questions about your car, then contact us and simply make an appointment for a car repair, an auto service or just for the change of seasons for our tire service. Our friendly and competent team will be happy to help you in all questions. Master company with 35 years of experience - car repair, car service, tire service in Münster Wolbeck News We are still there for you! Dear customers, we are still there for you in today's difficult times. Our workshop is open from Monday to Thursday from 7.30 a.m. to 5.30 p.m. and Fri from 7.30 a.m. to 5.00 p.m. Stay healthy! Your Auto Franke Team Contact Auto Franke GmbH Tel: 0 25 06/22 21 E-Mail: Auto-Franke@t-online.de Opening times Mon-Thu 7.30 a.m. - 5.30 p.m. Fri 7.30 a.m. - 5.00 p.m. Location Auto Franke GmbH Münsterstraße 52b 48167 Münster Privacy Policy Imprint