Data protection declaration Auto Franke Another WordPress page Show Navigation Hide Navigation News Car repair car service Contact Data protection declaration Data protection declaration Responsible body in terms of data protection laws, in particular the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), is: Marina Franke Your rights as a data subject You can use the contact details provided by our data protection officer at any time to do the following Exercise rights: Information about your data stored with us and their processing, correction of incorrect personal data, deletion of your data stored with us, restriction of data processing, insofar as we are not yet allowed to delete your data due to legal obligations, objection to the processing of your data with us and data portability, provided you have consented to data processing or have concluded a contract with us. If you have given us your consent, you can revoke it at any time with future effect. You can contact the supervisory authority responsible for you at any time with a complaint. The competent supervisory authority depends on the state of your place of residence, your work or the alleged violation. A list of the supervisory authorities (for the non-public area) with address can be found at: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html. Purposes of data processing by the responsible body and third parties We only process your personal data for the purposes stated in this data protection declaration. Your personal data will not be passed on to third parties for purposes other than those mentioned. We only pass on your personal data to third parties if: you have given your express consent, the processing is necessary for the execution of a contract with you, the processing is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation, the processing is necessary to protect legitimate interests and there is no reason to assume that you have an overriding legitimate interest in not disclosing your data. Deletion or blocking of data We adhere to the principles of data avoidance and data economy. We therefore only store your personal data for as long as is necessary to achieve the purposes mentioned here or for the various storage periods provided for by law. After the respective purpose ceases to exist or these deadlines have expired, the corresponding data will be routinely blocked or deleted in accordance with the statutory provisions. Collection of general information when visiting our website When you access our website, information of a general nature is automatically collected by means of a cookie. This information (server log files) includes, for example, the type of web browser, the operating system used, the domain name of your Internet service provider and the like. This is exclusively information that does not allow any conclusions to be drawn about your person. This information is technically necessary in order to correctly deliver the content of websites you have requested and is mandatory when using the Internet. They are processed in particular for the following purposes: ensuring a problem-free connection to the website, ensuring smooth use of our website, evaluating system security and stability, and for other administrative purposes. The processing of your personal data is based on our legitimate interest for the aforementioned purposes for data collection. We do not use your data to draw conclusions about you personally. The recipient of the data is only the responsible body and, if applicable, the processor. We may statistically evaluate anonymous information of this type in order to optimize our website and the technology behind it. Cookies Like many other websites, we also use so-called "cookies". Cookies are small text files that are transferred from a website server to your hard drive. This automatically gives us certain data, such as B. IP address, browser used, operating system and your connection to the Internet. Cookies cannot be used to start programs or transfer viruses to a computer. Based on the information contained in cookies, we can make navigation easier for you and enable our websites to be displayed correctly. Under no circumstances will the data we collect be passed on to third parties or linked to personal data without your consent. Of course, you can of course also view our website without cookies. Internet browsers are regularly set to accept cookies. In general, you can deactivate the use of cookies at any time via the settings of your browser. Please use the help functions of your internet browser to find out how you can change these settings. Please note that individual functions of our website may not work if you have deactivated the use of cookies. SSL encryption In order to protect the security of your data during transmission, we use state-of-the-art encryption methods (e.g. SSL) via HTTPS. Contact form If you have any questions about us by email or contact form, please give us your voluntary consent for the purpose of contacting us. For this, a valid email address is required. This is used to assign the request and then answer it. The specification of further data is optional. The information you provide will be stored for the purpose of processing the request and for possible follow-up questions. Personal data will be automatically deleted after your request has been dealt with. Use of script libraries (Google Webfonts) In order to present our content correctly and graphically appealing across browsers, we use script libraries and font libraries such as B. Google Webfonts (https://www.google.com/webfonts/). Google web fonts are transferred to your browser's cache to avoid multiple loading. If the browser does not support Google Webfonts or prevents access, content is displayed in a standard font. Calling script libraries or font libraries automatically triggers a connection to the operator of the library. It is theoretically possible - but currently unclear whether and if so for what purposes - that operators of corresponding libraries collect data. The data protection guideline of the library operator Google can be found here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ Use of Google Maps This website uses Google Maps API to visually display geographic information. When using Google Maps, Google also collects, processes and uses data about the use of map functions by visitors. You can find more information about data processing by Google in the Google data protection information. There you can also change your personal data protection settings in the data protection center. You can find detailed instructions on how to manage your own data in connection with Google products here. Changes to our data protection regulations We reserve the right to adapt this data protection declaration so that it always corresponds to the current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the data protection declaration, e.g. when introducing new services. The new data protection declaration then applies to your next visit. Questions to the data protection officer If you have any questions about data protection, please send us an email or contact the person responsible for data protection in our organization: Marina Franke Contact Auto Franke GmbH Tel: 0 25 06/22 21 E -Mail: Auto-Franke@t-online.de Opening times Mon-Thu 7.30 a.m. - 5.30 p.m. Fri 7.30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Location Auto Franke GmbH Münsterstraße 52b 48167 Münster Data protection declaration Imprint