Services car | Reifen Günther - tires for everything that rolls! Home Shop ▼ cars SommerPKW WinterPKW GanzjahrLKW tires Excavator tires alloy wheels ▼ alloy wheels - Catalog SommerAutec alloy wheels - Configurator Brock RC alloy wheels - KonfiguratorProline alloy wheels - Configurator Service benefits ▲ services PKWServiceleistungen B2BRunderneuerungstechnikWaschanlagen ▼ washer career ▼ ÜbersichtAusbildungsberufeFAQStellenangeboteÜber unsAllgemeines ▼ FAQFilialfinderTerminplanerDatenschutzerklärungKontaktImpressum organizer Branch Locator Careers Contact Our Service Services Installation tire mounting to 24 inches, and run-flat tires or TPMS ( Tire pressure control system) >>> Assembly Gentle assembly of your wheels Tire mounting on the rim in no time We assemble your tires up to 24 inches - including tires with run-flat properties - on the most modern machines. Of course, we also install run-flat tires, slicks and special tires. For a gentle installation, we only use fully synthetic greases. The installation and reading of TPMS systems is also part of our service. … Here more information about TPMS… Can I make mistakes when installing tires? The car is the favorite of the German, that's why many want to do it themselves. However, gross mistakes can occur when assembling the tires yourself. Tires and rims can be severely damaged or the direction of the tire can be ignored. In addition, the necessary equipment and tools are usually missing. Better go straight to a specialist. We have the necessary know-how and equipment. At the same time, the valve is checked, if necessary replaced, the tire and rim are checked and the correct air pressure is set ... To ensure that everything runs smoothly, we recommend balancing the tires after every tire installation. ... here more information about balancing ... It often happens that the terms tire assembly and wheel change are confused. When mounting the tire, the tire is pulled onto the rim. When changing a wheel, the entire wheel (tire and rim) is mounted on the vehicle.A tire assembly or wheel change is expensive? In all of our branches, tires are assembled and changed inexpensively, tires and rims are checked for their properties and the correct tire pressure is set .BalancingA perfect balancing on the most modern machines, with maximum precision for optimum smoothness >>> Balancing / Electronic fine balancingShivering in the steering wheel? If the car shakes and shakes, there is usually an imbalance in the tire. This can be remedied quickly by balancing with environmentally friendly weights. Balancing the wheels is essential. Both when retrofitting summer / winter tires and when vehicle unrest occurs. Even an imbalance of 10 grams affects the vehicle like hammer blows when driving. It causes more wear on the car and tires, as well as driver fatigue due to vibrating steering wheels. In order to cause an unbalance when driving over a curb at an unfavorable angle, losses in terms of driving comfort and safety and vehicle life are practically inevitable if the wheels are not checked and adjusted again at least regularly when the wheels are changed are balanced using small weights that are attached to the inside of your rim. These weights compensate for the imbalance on the opposite side. There are plug-in and adhesive weights, the latter occur primarily with aluminum rims.How do you measure the unbalance? Modern 3-dimensional balance measurement shows us exactly where & amp; how much imbalance your tires have. For this purpose, the tires are clamped in the measuring device and rotated, the vibrations detect how much unbalance there is & amp; also how many grams of weights have to be attached to balance. We balance “lead-free”! The EU Commission has stipulated the following in the end-of-life vehicle regulation 2000/50 / EG: From 01.07.2005 only lead-free balancing weights may be used for cars and light trucks with a permissible total weight of 3.5 t. For optimal braking and driving properties, even and low profile wear >>> Electronic 3D wheel alignment For optimum braking and driving properties, even and low profile wear! So that the rubber runs smoothly, the geometry of the vehicle must also be right. pulls to the right or left, the problem usually lies in a non-coherent axis geometry. With a modern 3-dimensional wheel alignment and the subsequent adjustment, the toe and camber are set correctly and you can drive your vehicle with ease. Information about our wheel alignmentWhat causes a mistake in the axle geometry? Everyone knows about parking too quickly when parking Drive through the curb or a big pothole too quickly. This quickly creates discrepancies in the axis or camber geometry. In this case, for your safety, a measurement and adjustment of the axle geometry should be carried out. How do I know that my track is out of alignment? One-sided tire wear or burr formation in the profile. Your vehicle is not heading in the right direction or is pulling left or right. How often should wheel alignment be done? It is recommended that a wheel alignment be carried out as a precaution every 25,000 km (approx. Every 2 years). Is it not too expensive to measure the axle geometry? A wheel alignment costs you € 10.95 in each of our branches. A defective axle geometry, on the other hand, can, apart from the aspect of your safety, entail considerable follow-up costs.RDKS-ServiceThis service (installation and reading of TPMS sensors) can now be used in any of our branches >>> Tire pressure monitoring systemThis new EU regulation From November 1st, 2014, all cars and motorhomes - ex works - must be equipped with a tire pressure control system.You can use this service (installation and readout of TPMS sensors) in every one of our branches. What is TPMS? Two different methods to record the tire pressure: In the direct method, the air pressure is determined using TPMS sensors in the wheel and the exact measurement results such as air pressure, temperature and wheel position are sent to the on-board computer of your vehicle. With the indirect method, the data is recorded via the vehicle's own ABS sensors.Our TPMS service for you: Reading out the original installed sensors (OEM) from the vehicle manufacturerProgramming alternative TPMS sensorsWe supply complete sensors and valves for TPMS systems! by qualified personnel. >>> Repair your tires If you break down or your tires are damaged, come to us. We take a close look at each tire to see if it can be repaired. Through various processes, we are able to “patch” damaged tires again. This is also an inexpensive alternative to buying a new tire. How long does a tire repair take? A tire repair usually takes in our branches. 1-3 workdays. Since your tires are only repaired by trained specialists, your safety is our priority. Is a repaired tire safe? Tires that have been repaired in our branches by our trained specialists are always safe on the road. Whether summer, winter or all-season tires, all are put through their paces before reassembly to ensure your safety.Safety AirThe alternative tire inflation to air. Saving fuel with constant tire air pressure >>> The alternative tire inflation to aviation safe ... clean ... inexpensiveThis tire inflation has been known for years and has been used in the aircraft industry, in racing and in heavy transport and offers advantages for conventional inflation of the tires with air such as. B.: protects the tires from overheating constant tire air pressure reduced fuel consumption ... simply optimal: driving behavior, braking behavior, rolling resistance, mileage, fuel consumption ... Good for driver, vehicle and wallet! Spar-Tipp0.6 bar too little air pressure ... up to 30% more fuel consumption Your old tires >>> Lack of space? We store your tires and bicycles cost-effectively and insured during the summer / winter season. Your stored tires receive the care they need in our warehouse at the right temperature. This significantly increases the service life of your tires. Also, you don't have to worry about the correct storage and space. To start the season, just drive up ... we will convert! Used tire disposalTire disposal >>> Günther tires will dispose of your used tiresWe will take care of environmentally friendly disposal. The tires are introduced into the recycling cycle in order to save as many fossil fuels as possible. Fleets / LeasingPerfect all-round tire service for leasing vehicles! >>> Fleets / LeasingWe are happy to carry out the research on the service integration of your leasing partners in relation to tires, wheels and services. Central invoicing is carried out efficiently via the cooperation companies Fleet-Partner & 4Fleet Group or DKV car glass disks broken? Falling rocks or crack? >>> Car glass panes Exchange of car glass panes possible in every tire Günther branch on site. We would be happy to inform you! ContactImprintPrivacy Policy Chat with us, powered by LiveChat Your Cookie Settings This website uses cookies and similar technologies to ensure you get the best possible service. By clicking "Agree" you accept the processing and also the transfer of your data to third parties. The data is used for analysis, retargeting and for playing out personalized content on the part of third parties. Further information, including data processing by third-party providers, can be found in the settings and in our data protection information. You can refuse the use of cookies or adjust them at any time via your settings. Agree Manage your cookie settings In order to offer you an optimal website experience, we use cookies. These are small text files that are saved on your computer. This includes cookies for the operation and optimization of the site as well as for services such as the display of share prices or Google Maps as well as content based on your online usage behavior. For example, will be recognized if you visit our site repeatedly from the same device. We want to give you the choice of which cookies you allow. Required cookies These cookies are necessary so that you can navigate through the pages and use essential functions. Analytical cookies These cookies help us to better understand usage behavior. Analysis cookies enable the usage and recognition options to be ascertained by first- or third-party providers in so-called pseudonymous usage profiles. We use analysis cookies, for example, to determine the number of individual visitors to a website or a service or to collect other statistics with regard to the operation of our products, as well as to analyze user behavior based on anonymous and pseudonymous information, such as visitors to the website to interact. It is not possible to draw any direct conclusions about a person. Learn more Learn less Third-party services (external media) On this page, third-party services are integrated that provide their services on their own responsibility. When you visit this page, data is collected using cookies or similar technologies and transmitted to third parties, some for your own purposes. To what extent, for what purposes and on the basis of which legal basis further processing takes place for the third party's own purposes, please refer to the data protection information of the third party. You can find information on the responsible third-party providers in the data protection information. Learn more Learn less Back Imprint Data protection Save settings