Career_Apprenticeships | Reifen Günther - tires for everything that rolls! Home Shop ▼ cars SommerPKW WinterPKW GanzjahrLKW tires Excavator tires alloy wheels ▼ alloy wheels - Catalog SommerAutec alloy wheels - Configurator Brock RC alloy wheels - KonfiguratorProline alloy wheels - Configurator Service services ▼ services PKWServiceleistungen B2BRunderneuerungstechnikWaschanlagen ▼ washer career ▲ ÜbersichtAusbildungsberufeFAQStellenangeboteÜber unsAllgemeines ▼ FAQFilialfinderTerminplanerDatenschutzerklärungKontaktImpressum organizer Branch Locator Careers Contact merchant in wholesale and foreign trade (m / w / d) purchase, sale , Auditing, advice and sales ... this job is for everyone who enjoys dealing with customers. Training with a profile! You will get to know these activities / departments with us: customer advice and support, the sale of goods and services, the complete commercial. Processing such. B. Record and book orders, create offers, inventory management - from ordering through incoming goods inspection to assembly or delivery - payment transactions and the implementation of sales campaigns. You should bring these qualities with you: Enjoy working with customersTeam and communication skills Enthusiasm for vehicles / Tires / rimsPerformance, reliability, ideally a secondary school certificateWe offer you good technical training with many exciting insights and experiences, attractive training remuneration, good job opportunities with promotion opportunities and pleasant work in a great team. Would that be a job for you? Show us your profile? We look forward to getting to know you! >>> Mechanic for tire and vulcanization technology (m / f / d) - focus on tire technology - focus on tire technology ... possible in all tires Günther service stationsTires for everything that rolls, rims, technology, wheel alignment ... this profession offers a lot of variety and good perspectives training You will get to know these activities / departments with us: In the service stations, tires and wheels for cars, trucks, EM, buses, motorcycles ... are balanced, replaced, assembled and repaired if necessary. Here you will learn how to use the most modern machines for individual work, how to make work easier and how to use repair materials. The storage and retrieval of tires are also included. Cars are measured and set on a 3-D wheel alignment system. You should bring these characteristics: Interest in manual and technical work, enthusiasm for vehicles / tires / rims, joy in dealing with customers, teamwork, ideally a secondary school leaving certificate Attractive apprenticeship remuneration, good job opportunities and pleasant work in a great team. Would that be a job for you? Show us your profile? We look forward to getting to know you! >>> Mechanic for tire and vulcanization technology (m / f / d) - focus on vulcanization technology - focus on vulcanization technology ... possible in the retreading plant in Diepholz old, worn truck tires become new tires ... this profession offers a lot of variety and good opportunities You will get to know activities / departments with us: In the retreading plant, the worn tires - carcasses - are checked optically and technically, the old material is removed, possibly repaired, re-covered, vulcanized, stored and relocated ... Here you learn how to use and with the most modern machines for every work process as well as handling repair / voucher materials. You should bring these characteristics with you: interest in manual and technical work, team skills, ideally a secondary school leaving certificate salary, good takeover opportunities and pleasant work in a great team. Would that be a job for you? Show us your profile? We look forward to getting to know you! >>> Warehouse specialist / warehouse logistics specialist (m / f / d) warehousing, outsourcing, delivery notes ... accuracy is required here! Training with a profile! You will get to know these activities / departments with us: In the central warehouse in Diepholz you will learn how to accept goods Storage of goods (tires and rims), picking and packing the goods, shipping, goods control and quality assurance measures. You should bring these characteristics with you: interest in manual and technical work, sense of order, teamwork, ideally a secondary school qualification, we offer you good technical training with many exciting insights and experience, an attractive apprenticeship remuneration, good chances of being hired and pleasant work in a great team. Would that be a job for you? Show us your profile? We look forward to getting to know you! >>> Professional driver (m / f / d) articulated trailers, heavy transporters, bus ... Which truck would you like to drive? Training with a profile! You will get to know these activities / departments with us: The training association Diepholzer Land consists of several companies that have come together to train as a professional driver. You will be trained with us or in one of our companies, but can do internships with other companies of the partners and thus get to know a wide range of vehicles. These include semitrailers and trailers, heavy transporters, special transporters, large vans and buses. You should bring these characteristics with you: Enthusiasm for vehicles. Pleasure in dealing with customers. Team skills. Ideally a secondary school leaving certificate a pleasant work in a great team. The costs for driving licenses and special training are covered. Would that be a job for you? Show us your profile? We look forward to getting to know you! >>> Contact person / contact for questions about training, internship and job offers ... The headquarters of Reifen Günther is Diepholz. Our HR department is available for all questions regarding training, internships or vacancies. You can reach us: by e-mail: stellenangebote@reifen-guenther.de or by phone: 05441 9898-8012On the FAQ page we have many important questions and answers all about training, application ... >>> continue to FAQ >>> >>> ContactImprintPrivacy Policy Chat with us, powered by LiveChat