Career_FAQ | Reifen Günther - tires for everything that rolls! Home Shop ▼ cars SommerPKW WinterPKW GanzjahrLKW tires Excavator tires alloy wheels ▼ alloy wheels - Catalog SommerAutec alloy wheels - Configurator Brock RC alloy wheels - KonfiguratorProline alloy wheels - Configurator Service services ▼ services PKWServiceleistungen B2BRunderneuerungstechnikWaschanlagen ▼ washer career ▲ ÜbersichtAusbildungsberufeFAQStellenangeboteÜber unsAllgemeines ▼ FAQFilialfinderTerminplanerDatenschutzerklärungKontaktImpressum organizer Branch Locator Careers Contact How do I apply to tires Günther To apply for tires Günther? We would like to ask you to submit your application documents online to us, since postal applications will not be returned if you do not take them into consideration. You can either submit your application using our online application form, which you will find below each job advertisement, or you can send us your application documents by Email to job offers @ reifen-gue To be able to optimally check your application with regard to possible applications, we need a tabular curriculum vitae as well as training / study and job references. A cover letter from which we can find out what you are looking for, what expectations you have with us and what salary expectations you have, will also help us a lot. The salary expectations serve only as a rough guideline and are finally negotiated in the course of the application process and the discussions. >>> What do I do if I am interested in several vacancies? Occasionally, our job vacancies may be very similar in terms of requirements or we may have advertised the same vacancies in different locations, so we will be happy to accept your application for several job advertisements counter and examine together with you personally which of the vacancies advertised by us is the most ideal for you. It is best to inform us of your interest in several open job offers directly in the cover letter, which you provide to us together with the other application documents. >>> How does the application process work? After you have submitted your application documents, you will receive an acknowledgment of receipt in the first step. We will then check your documents for completeness and suitability for the advertised position. If you are suitable as an applicant for the position, you will be invited to a telephone or face-to-face interview, in which you will have the opportunity to introduce yourself again, apart from your application documents. It is important to us that the application process is as efficient as possible for everyone involved and that you receive feedback on the further steps in good time when you apply. >>> How can I best prepare for the interview? When carrying out the interviews, it is very important to us that the discussions between you as an applicant and us are on an equal footing. The aim of the interviews is that we are you and you can get to know us and clarify any questions that arise for both sides to find out whether we fit together. Therefore, in preparation for the interview, you should consider our company and the relevant vacancy beforehand. Basically, it is about long-term and successful cooperation, so it is important to us to find out what you expect from us. >>> How can I withdraw my application if I have decided otherwise? If you have applied to us and are no longer interested in the job offer for various reasons, you can of course withdraw your application documents at any time. To do this, simply inform us by e-mail at stellenangebote@reifen-guenther.de and we will no longer consider the application documents you submitted. >>> What happens to my data after the application? Your data will be recorded and processed purely for the purposes of the application. The basis for processing your documents lies in the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act in accordance with. Section 32 in conjunction with § 35 BDSG. If there is no agreement on the vacancy advertised, but your documents are of interest for any future vacancies, we will coordinate with you whether you agree that the documents will be kept. >>> Can I do an internship at Reifen Günther, whether in the commercial or technical area. Internships for vocational orientation have always had a long tradition in our company, so it is important for us to guarantee you optimal support to support you in your professional orientation, so if you are interested in an internship, the best way to apply is through ours Online application form. We then decide whether and when it makes sense from our point of view to complete an internship in the framework you want. >>> Can I also send an unsolicited application to Reifen Günther? Irrespective of the advertised positions, you can also unsolicitedly apply to numerous professions at Reifen Günther. You can also use our online application form here. After receiving your documents, we will check them and give you a feedback as to whether we can offer you a position in our company in the first step or only in the second step >>> click here for the job offers <<< >>> What training opportunities do I have at Reifen Günther? The Reifen Günther company offers a range of apprenticeships, here you will find all the job profiles that we offer in our company, as well as much more information about apprenticeships in the commercial and technical area. >>> When can you apply for an apprenticeship at Reifen Günther? At Reifen Günther you can apply for an apprenticeship position one year in advance. We therefore recommend applying early to get the opportunity to get the advertised apprenticeship increase. The best way to do this is to use our online application form, which you can find among the currently advertised training positions.If you have any questions in advance, our contact persons for everything related to careers and training will be happy to help. >>> How does an apprenticeship at Reifen Günther work? Anyone who undergoes an apprenticeship at Reifen Günther generally completes this within a 3-year apprenticeship period. At the beginning of the apprenticeship, all trainees learn within the framework of a "Reifen Günther - Welcome Day “, Which takes place at the location in Diepholz. At the respective training locations, practical knowledge in the commercial or technical area is then taught, which is underpinned in a targeted manner by internal and external training courses. What is important to us during the training is the permanent support of our trainees so that we have not only made it our task to teach the trainees something professionally, but also to accompany the personal maturation process of each trainee. That is why our contacts in the area of ​​career and training always have an open ear for problems and concerns, even outside of traditional training. >>> I am a career changer - do I have any chance at all? Your CV is not stringent and needs to be explained. No problem! At the Günther tires, lateral entrants also get a chance and are trained for the advertised position through intensive training. Convince us that you can help us with your experience. We would be happy to check for you and together with you to what extent your profile is suitable for the job. >>> What are the chances of being taken on at Reifen Günther after the apprenticeship? At Reifen Günther, great importance has always been placed on training. The company not only trains young people in various apprenticeships, because of the apprenticeship, but also to thereby covering the future need for skilled workers. Therefore, the chances of taking over at Reifen Günther after their training are very good. If there is also a certain amount of flexibility, including in terms of location, the chances of being taken on after the training are even greater. The current staff includes numerous people who completed their training at the company several decades ago. >>> What does Reifen Günther offer me as an employer? We owe our strong position in north-west Germany primarily to our committed employees, which is why we are proud to be able to offer our employees a wide range of benefits. Accessibility: Majority of our locations Accessible.Health measures: among others regular hearing and vision tests; Equipping the service stations with modern machines to make work easier. Company doctor: Advice and support in the areas of occupational safety and work design. Job bike: The service bike concept enables our employees to lease a bike. Company pension scheme: We offer you the option of a company pension scheme; Whether it is a new or already existing direct insurance does not really matter to us.Asset benefits: Reifen Günther grants a grant in the context of the VWL. Within the corporate structure, emphasis is placed on short and flat hierarchies, so that every employee, including the management, can be reached practically at any time and has an open ear for any concerns .Diversity: We value diversity - employees from over 31 nations work at Reifen Günther. >>> ContactImprintPrivacy Policy Chat with us, powered by LiveChat