Privacy Policy | Reifen Günther - tires for everything that rolls! Home Shop ▼ cars SommerPKW WinterPKW GanzjahrLKW tires Excavator tires alloy wheels ▼ alloy wheels - Catalog SommerAutec alloy wheels - Configurator Brock RC alloy wheels - KonfiguratorProline alloy wheels - Configurator Service services ▼ services PKWServiceleistungen B2BRunderneuerungstechnikWaschanlagen ▼ washer career ▼ ÜbersichtAusbildungsberufeFAQStellenangeboteÜber unsAllgemeines ▲ FAQFilialfinderTerminplanerDatenschutzerklärungKontaktImpressum organizer Branch Locator Careers Contact DatenschutzerklärungIhre settings [dsgvo_opt_in_and_out] & nbsp: General HinweiseDie following notes provide a simple overview what happens to your personal data when you visit our website. Personal data is all data with which you can be personally identified. You can find detailed information on the subject of data protection in our data protection declaration below. Data collection on our website Who is responsible for data collection on this website? The data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. You can find their contact details in the imprint of this website.How do we collect your data? On the one hand, your data is collected by providing us with it. This can e.g. These are data that you enter in a contact form. We also collect your data in the context of online applications. If you are interested in working for our company, you will also find current job offers on our website. In order to make your application with us as easy as possible, you can apply to us online using an online application form. It is necessary for you to provide personal information. This information and the electronic documents that you provide to us are stored electronically. We guarantee that the data you provide will be treated confidentially. Other third parties are not aware of your application and the data transmitted to us (with the exception of external service partners according to §11 BDSG). We often have several suitable applicants, but only one position. Subject to your express consent, we offer you to include your application documents in our pool of applicants if your application is not considered. In this way, your application can be considered for our future job offers. Should we not only consider your data for a specific job offer and wish your application documents to remain in our applicant pool, please let us know in the online application. In this case, your data will be deleted after 6 months of storage. Other data is automatically collected by our IT systems when you visit the website. This is primarily technical data (e.g. internet browser, operating system or time of the page visit). This data is collected automatically as soon as you enter our website.What do we use your data for? Part of the data is collected to ensure that the website is provided correctly. Other data can be used to analyze your user behavior. What rights do you have regarding your data? You have the right to receive information about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data at any time free of charge. You also have the right to request that this data be corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about data protection. Furthermore, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. Analysis tools and tools from third-party providers When you visit our website, your surfing behavior can be statistically evaluated. This happens primarily with cookies and with so-called analysis programs. Your surfing behavior is usually analyzed anonymously; the surfing behavior cannot be traced back to you. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. You can find details on this in our data protection declaration under the heading “Third-party modules and analysis tools”. You can object to this analysis. We will inform you about the possibilities of objection in this data protection declaration. External hosting This website is hosted by an external service provider (hoster). Personal data collected on this website is stored on the hoster's servers. This can v. a. IP addresses, contact inquiries, meta and communication data, contract data, contact details, names, website access and other data that are generated via a website. The host is used for the purpose of fulfilling the contract towards our potential and existing customers (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.b GDPR) and in the interest of a secure, fast and efficient provision of our online offer by a professional provider (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. GDPR). Our hoster will only process your data to the extent that this is necessary to fulfill its performance obligations and follow our instructions in relation to this data. Conclusion of a contract for order processing In order to ensure data protection-compliant processing, we have concluded a contract for order processing with our host. 2. General information and mandatory information Data protection The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the legal data protection regulations and this data protection declaration. When you use this website, various personal data are collected. Personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. This data protection declaration explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose, and we point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. A complete protection of the data against access by third parties is not possible.Notice to the responsible bodyThe responsible body for data processing on this website is: Reifen Günther, Hans Günther GmbH & Co. KG, Auf dem Esch 36-39, 49356 DiepholzTelephone: 05441 / 9898-0 E-Mail: service (@) reifen-guenther.de Responsible body is the natural or legal person, alone or together with others, about the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names, e-mail addresses We have appointed a data protection officer for our company: Reifen Günther, Hans Günther GmbH & Co. KG c / o René Rautenberg Auf dem Esch 36-39 49356 DiepholzE-Mail: datenschutz@reifen-guenther.de Revocation of your consent Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal email to us. The lawfulness of the data processing carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.Right to complain to the responsible supervisory authority In the event of data protection violations, the person concerned has the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. The responsible supervisory authority for data protection issues is the state data protection officer of the federal state in which our company is based. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html..Right to data portabilityYou have the right to data that we access Process automatically on the basis of your consent or in fulfillment of a contract, to have it handed over to yourself or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you request the direct transmission of the data to another person responsible, this will only take place as far as it is technically feasible. SSL or TLS encryption This page uses for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or inquiries You send to us as the site operator, an SSL or TLS encryption. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from “http: //” to “https: //” and by the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, you can The data that you transmit to us will not be read by third parties. Information, blocking, deletion You have the right to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, at any time within the scope of the applicable legal provisions a right to correct, block or delete this data. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint for this as well as for further questions on the subject of personal data. Objection to advertising emails The use of contact data published within the scope of the imprint obligation to send unsolicited advertising and information material is hereby objected to. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam emails. 3. Data collection on our website Cookies Some of the websites use so-called cookies. Cookies do no damage to your computer and contain no viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective and safer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit.You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general and automatic deletion activate cookies when the browser is closed. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted. Cookies that are required to carry out the electronic communication process or to provide certain functions you require (e.g. shopping cart function) are stored on the basis of Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR saved. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. Insofar as other cookies (e.g. cookies for analyzing your surfing behavior) are stored, these are treated separately in this data protection declaration. Server log files The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically sends to us transmitted. These are: browser type and browser version used operating system referrer URL host name of the accessing computer time of the server request IP address a combination of this data with other data sources is not made. The basis for the data processing is Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b GDPR, which allows the processing of data for the fulfillment of a contract or pre-contractual measures.Contact form § 1 Information about the collection of personal data (1) In the following we inform you about the collection of personal data when using our contact form on our website. Personal data are all data that can be related to you personally, e.g. B. Name, address, email addresses, user behavior. (2) Responsible according to Article 4 paragraph 7 GDPR is Reifen Günther, Hans Günther GmbH & Co. KG, Auf dem Esch 36-39, 49356 Diepholz. The data protection officer of Reifen Günther, Hans Günther GmbH & Co. KG is listed under the above Address, for the attention of the data protection department, or at datenschutz (at) reifen-guenther.de. (3) When you contact us by email or via a contact form, the data you provide (your email address, possibly your name and your telephone number) will be saved by us to answer your questions. We delete the data arising in this context after the storage is no longer necessary, or limit the processing if there are legal retention requirements. (4) If we use contracted service providers for individual functions of our offer or if we want to use your data for advertising purposes , we will inform you in detail below about the respective processes. We also state the specified criteria for the storage period. § 2 Your rights (1) You have the following rights towards us with regard to your personal data: - Right to information, - Right to correction or deletion, - Right to restriction of processing, - Right to object to the processing, right to data portability. (2) You also have the right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority about the processing of your personal data by us; the supervisory authority; the State Commissioner for Data Protection Lower Saxony, Prinzenstr. 5 30159 Hannover Telephone: 05 11 / 120-45 00 Fax: 05 11 / 120-45 99§ 3 Collection of personal data when visiting our website (1) When using the website for information purposes only, i.e. if you do not register or provide us with any other information we only collect the personal data that your browser transmits to our server. If you want to view our website, we collect the following data, which is technically necessary for us to display our website to you and to ensure stability and security. The legal basis for this is Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 Letter f GDPR. This is the following data: - IP address - date and time of the request - time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) - content of the request (specific page ) - Access status / HTTP status code - amount of data transferred - website from which the request comes - browser - operating system and its interface - language and version of the browser software. (2) In addition to the above-mentioned data, cookies are created when you use our website Saved on your computer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your hard drive and assigned to the browser you are using, and through which certain information flows to the corresponding place that sets the cookie (here by us). Cookies cannot run programs or transmit viruses to your computer. They serve to make the Internet offer more user-friendly and effective overall. (3) Use of cookies: a) This website uses the following types of cookies, the scope and functionality of which are explained below: - Transient cookies (see b) - Persistent cookies ( c) .b) Transient cookies are automatically deleted when you close the browser. These include session cookies in particular. These store a so-called session ID, with which various requests from your browser can be assigned to the joint session. This enables your computer to be recognized when you return to our website. The session cookies are deleted when you log out or close the browser. C) Persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may differ depending on the cookie. You can delete the cookies in the security settings of your browser at any time. D) You can configure your browser settings according to your wishes and e.g. B. refuse to accept third-party cookies or all cookies. We would like to point out that you may not be able to use all functions of this website.e) We use cookies to identify you for subsequent visits if you have an account with us. Otherwise you would have to log in again for each visit. § 4 Other functions and offers on our website (1) In addition to the purely informational use of our website, we offer various services that you can use if you are interested. To do this, you generally have to provide further personal data that we use to provide the respective service and for which the aforementioned principles of data processing apply. (2) In some cases, we use external service providers to process your data. These have been carefully selected and commissioned by us, are bound by our instructions and are regularly checked. (3) Furthermore, we can pass on your personal data to third parties if we offer campaign participation, competitions, contracts or similar services together with partners. You will receive more information on this when you provide your personal data or in the description of the offer below. (4) If our service providers or partners are based in a country outside the European Economic Area (EEA), we will inform you about the consequences of this in the Description of the offer. § 5 Objection or revocation against the processing of your data (1) If you have given your consent to the processing of your data, you can revoke this at any time. Such a revocation affects the admissibility of processing your personal data after you have given it to us. The legality of the data processing based on the consent until the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. (2) If we base the processing of your personal data on the weighing of interests, you can object to the processing. This is the case if the processing is not particularly necessary to fulfill a contract with you, which is described by us in the following description of the functions. When exercising such an objection, we ask you to explain the reasons why we should not process your personal data as we have done. In the event of your justified objection, we will examine the situation and either stop or adjust the data processing or show you our compelling legitimate reasons for continuing the processing. (3) Of course, you can process your personal data for advertising and data analysis purposes disagree at any time. You can inform us about your objection to advertising using the following contact details: Reifen Günther, Hans Günther GmbH & Co. KG, Auf dem Esch 36-39, 49356 Diepholz; Tel: 05441 / 9898-0; Fax: 05441 / 9898-50; E-Mail: datenschutz (at) reifen-guenther.deOnline application form In the following we inform about the collection of personal data when applying by email or post. Personal data are all data that can be related to you personally, e.g. Name, address, email addresses, telephone number. 1. The contact person according to Article 4 Paragraph 7 GDPR is Reifen Günther, Hans Günther GmbH & Co. KG, Auf dem Esch 36-39, 49356 Diepholz. The data protection officer of Reifen Günther, Hans Günther GmbH & Co. KG is listed under the above Address, for the attention of the data protection department, or at datenschutz (at) reifen-guenther.de. 2. Purposes of data processing and legal bases (1) We collect, store and, if necessary, pass on the data, insofar as it is necessary to process an application that an offer of a job seeker to an employer in business or in the public service to justify a Represents employment or training relationship. The applicant will send this to the company by email or post. The collection, storage and disclosure are therefore carried out for the purpose of pre-contractual measures at the request of the data subject on the basis of Article 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter b GDPR. Failure to provide this data may result in the applicant not being able to be hired. We will transfer personal data to the responsible employee / department in the company (HR department, internal payroll accounting). Further processing will only take place if you have given your consent or if you have a legal permit (2) We maintain current technical measures to ensure the protection of personal data. These are adapted to the current state of the art. 3. If we do not process your contact details for operational purposes, we will store the data collected for the application until the purpose for which the data was collected is no longer required or until the end of the period of 6 months after completion the application process. Your data will also be deleted if storage is not permitted. After this period, the data collected for this procedure will be deleted or blocked if deletion is not possible. 4. You have the right to request information from us at any time about the personal data we have stored about you (Article 15 GDPR). This also applies to the recipients or categories of recipients to whom this data is passed on and the purpose of storage. You also have the right to request correction and / or deletion under the conditions of Article 16 GDPR and / or deletion of processing under the conditions of Article 17 GDPR and / or restriction of processing under the conditions of Article 18 GDPR. Furthermore, you can request a data transfer at any time under the conditions of Article 20 GDPR - as long as the data is still stored with us. In the case of processing personal data to perform tasks in the public interest (Article 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter e DS -GVO) or for the protection of legitimate interests (Article 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR), you can object to the processing of your personal data at any time with future effect. In the event of an objection, we must refrain from further processing of your data for the aforementioned purposes, unless - there are compelling, legitimate reasons for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or - the processing is for assertion , Exercise or defense of legal claims required.If the processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. This does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal (Article 7 (3) GDPR). Under the conditions of Article 21 (1) GDPR, data processing may be carried out for reasons that arise from the particular situation of the data subject Surrender, be contradicted. 5. Please send all requests for information, requests for information, revocations or objections to data processing by e-mail to our data protection officer at datenschutz (at) reifen-guenther.de or by letter to the address given under 1. For more information, we refer to the full text of the GDPR, which is available on the Internet at https: //eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/HTML/? Uri = CELEX: 32016R0679 & from = DE and ours Data protection declaration, which can be viewed on the Internet at https://www.reifen-guenther.de/footer-menue/datenschutz.You also have the option to complain to the responsible supervisory authority about data protection issues: supervisory authority. 5 30159 Hannover Telephone: 05 11 / 120-45 00 Online appointment booking In the following we inform you about the collection of personal data in the event of a warning. Personal data are all data that can be related to you personally. B. Name, address, email addresses, telephone number. 1. Contact details and company data protection officer The responsible person in accordance with Article 4 Paragraph 7 GDPR is Reifen Günther, Hans Günther GmbH & Co. KG, Auf dem Esch 36-39, 49356 Diepholz. The data protection officer of Reifen Günther, Hans Günther GmbH & Co. KG is listed under the above Address, for the attention of the data protection department, or at datenschutz (at) reifen-guenther.de. 2. Purposes of data processing and legal bases (1) We collect, store and, if necessary, pass on the data, insofar as it is necessary to make a successful appointment via the calendar. The collection, storage and forwarding is therefore carried out for the purpose of fulfilling the appointment booking process and on the basis of Article 88 (1) GDPR in conjunction. Section 26 (1) BDSG-new and for the purpose of legitimate interest, which is weighed up in individual cases by weighing up interests if a legitimate interest conflicts with this (especially in the case of children) and on the basis of Article 6 (1) sentence 1 letter f GDPR. Failure to provide this data may result in an appointment booking not being recorded correctly. We transmit personal data to the responsible employees or departments. Further processing will only take place if you have given your consent or if you have a legal permit. (2) We maintain current technical measures to ensure the protection of personal data. These are adapted to the current state of the art. 3. Duration of data storage If we do not process your data for operational purposes, we store the data collected until the purpose for which the data was collected is no longer required or until the 10-year period has expired. Your data will also be deleted if storage is not permitted. After this period, the data collected for this procedure will be deleted or blocked if deletion is not possible. 4. Your data protection rights You have the right to request information from us at any time about the personal data we have stored about you (Article 15 GDPR). This also affects the recipients or categories of recipients to whom this data is passed on and the purpose of storage. You also have the right to request correction and / or deletion under the conditions of Article 16 GDPR and / or deletion of processing under the conditions of Article 17 GDPR and / or restriction of processing under the conditions of Article 18 GDPR. Furthermore, you can request a data transfer at any time under the conditions of Article 20 GDPR - as long as the data is still stored with us. In the case of processing personal data to perform tasks in the public interest (Article 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter e DS -GVO) or for the protection of legitimate interests (Article 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR), you can object to the processing of your personal data at any time with future effect. In the event of an objection, we must refrain from further processing of your data for the aforementioned purposes, unless - there are compelling, legitimate reasons for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or - the processing is for the assertion , Exercise or defense of legal claims required.If the processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. This does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal (Article 7 (3) GDPR). Under the conditions of Article 21 (1) GDPR, data processing may be carried out for reasons that arise from the particular situation of the data subject Surrender, be contradicted. 5. Contact Please direct all requests for information, requests for information, revocations or objections to data processing by e-mail to our data protection officer at datenschutz (at) reifen-guenther.de or by letter to the address given under 1. For more information, we refer to the full text of the GDPR, which is available on the Internet at https: //eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/HTML/? Uri = CELEX: 32016R0679 & from = DE Our data protection declaration, which can be viewed on the Internet at https://www.reifen-guenther.de/footer-menue/datenschutz.You also have the option to complain to the competent supervisory authority about data protection issues: supervisory authority . 5 30159 Hannover Phone: 05 11 / 120-45 00 Fax: 05 11 / 120-45 99 Webshop In the following we will inform you about the collection of personal data in the event of a warning. Personal data are all data that can be related to you personally. B. Name, address, email addresses, telephone number. 1. The contact person according to Article 4 Paragraph 7 GDPR is Reifen Günther, Hans Günther GmbH & Co. KG, Auf dem Esch 36-39, 49356 Diepholz. The data protection officer of Reifen Günther, Hans Günther GmbH & Co. KG is listed under the above Address, for the attention of the data protection department, or at datenschutz (at) reifen-guenther.de. 2. Purposes of data processing and legal bases (1) We collect, store and, if necessary, pass on the data, insofar as this is necessary for the purpose of order processing and ordering via the online shop. Die Erhebung, Speicherung und Weitergabe erfolgt mithin zum Zwecke der Erfüllung des Beschäftigungsverhältnisses und auf Grundlage des Artikel 88 Absatz 1 DS-GVO i.V.m. § 26 Absatz 1 BDSG-neu und zum Zwecke von berechtigtem Interesse, das in Einzelfall durch eine Interessenabwägung abgewogen wird, wenn ein schutzwürdiges Interesse dem entgegensteht (insbesondere bei Kindern) und auf Grundlage des Artikel 6 Absatz 1 Satz 1 Buchstabe f DS-GVO. Eine Nichtbereitstellung dieser Daten kann zur Folge haben, dass Sie keinerlei Bestellungen über den Webshop tätigen können.Wir übermitteln personenbezogene Daten an die zuständigen Mitarbeiter/Abteilungen.Eine weitergehende Verarbeitung erfolgt nur, wenn Sie eingewilligt haben oder eine gesetzliche Erlaubnis vorliegt.(2) Wir unterhalten aktuelle technische Maßnahmen zur Gewährleistung des Schutzes personenbezogener Daten. Diese werden dem aktuellen Stand der Technik jeweils angepasst.3. Dauer der Datenspeicherung Soweit wir Ihre Daten nicht für betriebliche Zwecke verarbeiten, speichern wir die für Abmahnung erhobenen Daten solange bis der Zweck erfüllt wurde, zu dem die Daten erhoben wurden, und nicht mehr erforderlich sind oder bis zum Ablauf der Frist von 10 Jahren. Ihre Daten werden auch gelöscht, wenn eine Speicherung unzulässig ist. Nach Ablauf dieser Frist werden die für dieses Verfahren erhobenen Daten gelöscht bzw. gesperrt, wenn ein Löschen nicht möglich ist.4. Ihre Datenschutzrechte Sie haben das Recht, von uns jederzeit über die zu Ihnen bei uns gespeicherten personenbezogenen Daten (Artikel 15 DS-GVO) Auskunft zu verlangen. Dies betrifft auch die Empfänger oder Kategorien von Empfängern, an die diese Daten weitergegeben werden und den Zweck der Speicherung. Zudem haben Sie das Recht, unter den Voraussetzungen des Artikel 16 DS-GVO die Berichtigung und/oder unter den Voraussetzungen des Artikel 17 DS-GVO die Löschung und/oder unter den Voraussetzungen des Artikel 18 DS-GVO die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung zu verlangen. Ferner können Sie unter den Voraussetzungen des Artikel 20 DS-GVO jederzeit eine Datenübertragung verlangen –sofern die Daten noch bei uns gespeichert sind.Im Fall einer Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten zur Wahrnehmung von im öffentlichen Interesse liegenden Aufgaben (Artikel 6 Absatz 1 Satz 1 Buchstabe e DS-GVO) oder zur Wahrnehmung berechtigter Interessen (Artikel 6 Absatz 1 Satz 1 Buchstabe f DS-GVO), können Sie der Verarbeitung der sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten jederzeit mit Wirkung für die Zukunft widersprechen. Im Fall des Widerspruchs haben wir jede weitere Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten zu den vorgenannten Zwecken zu unterlassen, es sei denn,–   es liegen zwingende, schutzwürdige Gründe für eine Verarbeitung vor, die Ihre Interessen, Rechte und Freiheiten überwiegen, oder–   die Verarbeitung ist zur Geltendmachung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen erforderlich.Wenn die Verarbeitung der Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten auf Ihrer Einwilligung beruht, haben Sie das Recht, die Einwilligung jederzeit zu wiederrufen. Die Rechtmäßigkeit der aufgrund der Einwilligung bis zum Widerruf erfolgten Verarbeitung wird hierdurch nicht berührt (Artikel 7 Absatz 3 DS-GVO).Unter den Voraussetzungen des Artikel 21 Absatz 1 DS-GVO kann der Datenverarbeitung aus Gründen, die sich aus der besonderen Situation der betroffenen Person ergeben, widersprochen werden.5. Kontakt Alle Informationswünsche, Auskunftsanfragen, Widerrufe oder Widersprüche zur Datenverarbeitung richten Sie bitte per E-Mail an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten unter datenschutz(at)reifen-guenther.de oder per Brief an die unter 1.  genannte Adresse. Für nähere Informationen verweisen wir auf den vollständigen Text der DS-GVO, welcher im Internet unterhttps://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/HTML/?uri=CELEX:32016R0679&from=DE verfügbar ist und unsere Datenschutzerklärung, welche im Internet unter https://www.reifen-guenther.de/datenschutz einsehbar ist.Außerdem haben Sie die Möglichkeit, sich bei der zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde über datenschutzrechtliche Sachverhalte zu beschwereAufsichtsbehördeDie Landesbeauftragte für den Datenschutz NiedersachsenPrinzenstr. 5 30159 HannoverTelefon: 05 11/120-45 00 Telefax: 05 11/120-45 99Registrierung mit Facebook ConnectStatt einer direkten Registrierung auf unserer Website können Sie sich mit Facebook Connect registrieren. Anbieter dieses Dienstes ist die Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Irland.Wenn Sie sich für die Registrierung mit Facebook Connect entscheiden und auf den “Login with Facebook”- / “Connect with Facebook”-Button klicken, werden Sie automatisch auf die Plattform von Facebook weitergeleitet. Dort können Sie sich mit Ihren Nutzungsdaten anmelden. Dadurch wird Ihr Facebook-Profil mit unserer Website bzw. unseren Diensten verknüpft. Durch diese Verknüpfung erhalten wir Zugriff auf Ihre bei Facebook hinterlegten Daten. Dies sind vor allem:Facebook-NameFacebook-Profil- und TitelbildFacebook-Titelbildbei Facebook hinterlegte E-Mail-AdresseFacebook-IDFacebook-FreundeslistenFacebook Likes (“Gefällt-mir”-Angaben)GeburtstagGeschlechtLandSpracheDiese Daten werden zur Einrichtung, Bereitstellung und Personalisierung Ihres Accounts genutzt.Weitere Informationen finden Sie in den Facebook-Nutzungsbedingungen und den Facebook-Datenschutzbestimmungen. Diese finden Sie unter: https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/ und https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/.Verarbeiten von Daten (Kunden- und Vertragsdaten)Wir erheben, verarbeiten und nutzen personenbezogene Daten nur, soweit sie für die Begründung, inhaltliche Ausgestaltung oder Änderung des Rechtsverhältnisses erforderlich sind (Bestandsdaten). Dies erfolgt auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures. Personenbezogene Daten über die Inanspruchnahme unserer Internetseiten (Nutzungsdaten) erheben, verarbeiten und nutzen wir nur, soweit dies erforderlich ist, um dem Nutzer die Inanspruchnahme des Dienstes zu ermöglichen oder abzurechnen.Die erhobenen Kundendaten werden nach Abschluss des Auftrags oder Beendigung der Geschäftsbeziehung gelöscht. Gesetzliche Aufbewahrungsfristen bleiben unberührt.Datenübermittlung bei Vertragsschluss für Online-Shops, Händler und WarenversandWir übermitteln personenbezogene Daten an Dritte nur dann, wenn dies im Rahmen der Vertragsabwicklung notwendig ist, etwa an die mit der Lieferung der Ware betrauten Unternehmen oder das mit der Zahlungsabwicklung beauftragte Kreditinstitut. Eine weitergehende Übermittlung der Daten erfolgt nicht bzw. nur dann, wenn Sie der Übermittlung ausdrücklich zugestimmt haben. Eine Weitergabe Ihrer Daten an Dritte ohne ausdrückliche Einwilligung, etwa zu Zwecken der Werbung, erfolgt nicht.Grundlage für die Datenverarbeitung ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO, der die Verarbeitung von Daten zur Erfüllung eines Vertrags oder vorvertraglicher Maßnahmen gestattet.Datenübermittlung bei Vertragsschluss für Dienstleistungen und digitale InhalteWir übermitteln personenbezogene Daten an Dritte nur dann, wenn dies im Rahmen der Vertragsabwicklung notwendig ist, etwa an das mit der Zahlungsabwicklung beauftragte Kreditinstitut.Eine weitergehende Übermittlung der Daten erfolgt nicht bzw. nur dann, wenn Sie der Übermittlung ausdrücklich zugestimmt haben. Eine Weitergabe Ihrer Daten an Dritte ohne ausdrückliche Einwilligung, etwa zu Zwecken der Werbung, erfolgt nicht.Grundlage für die Datenverarbeitung ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO, der die Verarbeitung von Daten zur Erfüllung eines Vertrags oder vorvertraglicher Maßnahmen gestattet.4. Analyse Tools und WerbungGoogle AnalyticsDiese Website nutzt Funktionen des Webanalysedienstes Google Analytics. Anbieter ist die Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.Google Analytics verwendet so genannte “Cookies”. These are text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. Die durch den Cookie erzeugten Informationen über Ihre Benutzung dieser Website werden in der Regel an einen Server von Google in den USA übertragen und dort gespeichert.Die Speicherung von Google-Analytics-Cookies erfolgt auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f GDPR. Der Websitebetreiber hat ein berechtigtes Interesse an der Analyse des Nutzerverhaltens, um sowohl sein Webangebot als auch seine Werbung zu optimieren.IP AnonymisierungWir haben auf dieser Website die Funktion IP-Anonymisierung aktiviert. As a result, your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area before it is transmitted to the USA. The full IP address is only transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services related to website activity and internet usage. Die im Rahmen von Google Analytics von Ihrem Browser übermittelte IP-Adresse wird nicht mit anderen Daten von Google zusammengeführt.Browser PluginSie können die Speicherung der Cookies durch eine entsprechende Einstellung Ihrer Browser-Software verhindern; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. Sie können darüber hinaus die Erfassung der durch den Cookie erzeugten und auf Ihre Nutzung der Website bezogenen Daten (inkl. Ihrer IP-Adresse) an Google sowie die Verarbeitung dieser Daten durch Google verhindern, indem Sie das unter dem folgenden Link verfügbare Browser-Plugin herunterladen und installieren: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.Widerspruch gegen DatenerfassungSie können die Erfassung Ihrer Daten durch Google Analytics verhindern, indem Sie auf folgenden Link klicken. Es wird ein Opt-Out-Cookie gesetzt, der die Erfassung Ihrer Daten bei zukünftigen Besuchen dieser Website verhindert: Google Analytics deaktivieren.Mehr Informationen zum Umgang mit Nutzerdaten bei Google Analytics finden Sie in der Datenschutzerklärung von Google: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de.AuftragsdatenverarbeitungWir haben mit Google einen Vertrag zur Auftragsdatenverarbeitung abgeschlossen und setzen die strengen Vorgaben der deutschen Datenschutzbehörden bei der Nutzung von Google Analytics vollständig um.Demografische Merkmale bei Google AnalyticsDiese Website nutzt die Funktion “demografische Merkmale” von Google Analytics. Dadurch können Berichte erstellt werden, die Aussagen zu Alter, Geschlecht und Interessen der Seitenbesucher enthalten. Diese Daten stammen aus interessenbezogener Werbung von Google sowie aus Besucherdaten von Drittanbietern. Diese Daten können keiner bestimmten Person zugeordnet werden. Sie können diese Funktion jederzeit über die Anzeigeneinstellungen in Ihrem Google-Konto deaktivieren oder die Erfassung Ihrer Daten durch Google Analytics wie im Punkt “Widerspruch gegen Datenerfassung” dargestellt generell untersagen.Google Analytics RemarketingUnsere Websites nutzen die Funktionen von Google Analytics Remarketing in Verbindung mit den geräteübergreifenden Funktionen von Google AdWords und Google DoubleClick. Anbieter ist die Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.Diese Funktion ermöglicht es die mit Google Analytics Remarketing erstellten Werbe-Zielgruppen mit den geräteübergreifenden Funktionen von Google AdWords und Google DoubleClick zu verknüpfen. Auf diese Weise können interessenbezogene, personalisierte Werbebotschaften, die in Abhängigkeit Ihres früheren Nutzungs- und Surfverhaltens auf einem Endgerät (z.B. Handy) an Sie angepasst wurden auch auf einem anderen Ihrer Endgeräte (z.B. Tablet oder PC) angezeigt werden.Haben Sie eine entsprechende Einwilligung erteilt, verknüpft Google zu diesem Zweck Ihren Web- und App-Browserverlauf mit Ihrem Google-Konto. Auf diese Weise können auf jedem Endgerät auf dem Sie sich mit Ihrem Google-Konto anmelden, dieselben personalisierten Werbebotschaften geschaltet werden.Zur Unterstützung dieser Funktion erfasst Google Analytics google-authentifizierte IDs der Nutzer, die vorübergehend mit unseren Google-Analytics-Daten verknüpft werden, um Zielgruppen für die geräteübergreifende Anzeigenwerbung zu definieren und zu erstellen.Sie können dem geräteübergreifenden Remarketing/Targeting dauerhaft widersprechen, indem Sie personalisierte Werbung in Ihrem Google-Konto deaktivieren; folgen Sie hierzu diesem Link: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/.Die Zusammenfassung der erfassten Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto erfolgt ausschließlich auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung, die Sie bei Google abgeben oder widerrufen können (Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO). Bei Datenerfassungsvorgängen, die nicht in Ihrem Google-Konto zusammengeführt werden (z.B. weil Sie kein Google-Konto haben oder der Zusammenführung widersprochen haben) beruht die Erfassung der Daten auf Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f GDPR. Das berechtigte Interesse ergibt sich daraus, dass der Websitebetreiber ein Interesse an der anonymisierten Analyse der Websitebesucher zu Werbezwecken hat.Weitergehende Informationen und die Datenschutzbestimmungen finden Sie in der Datenschutzerklärung von Google unter: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/.Google AdWords und Google Conversion-TrackingDiese Website verwendet Google AdWords. AdWords ist ein Online-Werbeprogramm der Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.Im Rahmen von Google AdWords nutzen wir das so genannte Conversion-Tracking. Wenn Sie auf eine von Google geschaltete Anzeige klicken wird ein Cookie für das Conversion-Tracking gesetzt. Bei Cookies handelt es sich um kleine Textdateien, die der Internet-Browser auf dem Computer des Nutzers ablegt. Diese Cookies verlieren nach 30 Tagen ihre Gültigkeit und dienen nicht der persönlichen Identifizierung der Nutzer. Besucht der Nutzer bestimmte Seiten dieser Website und das Cookie ist noch nicht abgelaufen, können Google und wir erkennen, dass der Nutzer auf die Anzeige geklickt hat und zu dieser Seite weitergeleitet wurde.Jeder Google AdWords-Kunde erhält ein anderes Cookie. Die Cookies können nicht über die Websites von AdWords-Kunden nachverfolgt werden. The information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers learn the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, you will not receive any information that can be used to personally identify users. Wenn Sie nicht am Tracking teilnehmen möchten, können Sie dieser Nutzung widersprechen, indem Sie das Cookie des Google Conversion-Trackings über ihren Internet-Browser unter Nutzereinstellungen leicht deaktivieren. Sie werden sodann nicht in die Conversion-Tracking Statistiken aufgenommen.Die Speicherung von “Conversion-Cookies” erfolgt auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f GDPR. Der Websitebetreiber hat ein berechtigtes Interesse an der Analyse des Nutzerverhaltens, um sowohl sein Webangebot als auch seine Werbung zu optimieren.Mehr Informationen zu Google AdWords und Google Conversion-Tracking finden Sie in den Datenschutzbestimmungen von Google: https://www.google.de/policies/privacy/.Sie können Ihren Browser so einstellen, dass Sie über das Setzen von Cookies informiert werden und Cookies nur im Einzelfall erlauben, die Annahme von Cookies für bestimmte Fälle oder generell ausschließen sowie das automatische Löschen der Cookies beim Schließen des Browser aktivieren. Bei der Deaktivierung von Cookies kann die Funktionalität dieser Website eingeschränkt sein.5. NewsletterNewsletterdatenWenn Sie den auf der Website angebotenen Newsletter beziehen möchten, benötigen wir von Ihnen eine E-Mail-Adresse sowie Informationen, welche uns die Überprüfung gestatten, dass Sie der Inhaber der angegebenen E-Mail-Adresse sind und mit dem Empfang des Newsletters einverstanden sind. Weitere Daten werden nicht bzw. nur auf freiwilliger Basis erhoben. Diese Daten verwenden wir ausschließlich für den Versand der angeforderten Informationen und geben diese nicht an Dritte weiter.Die Verarbeitung der in das Newsletteranmeldeformular eingegebenen Daten erfolgt ausschließlich auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung (Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO). Die erteilte Einwilligung zur Speicherung der Daten, der E-Mail-Adresse sowie deren Nutzung zum Versand des Newsletters können Sie jederzeit widerrufen, etwa über den “Austragen”-Link im Newsletter. Die Rechtmäßigkeit der bereits erfolgten Datenverarbeitungsvorgänge bleibt vom Widerruf unberührt.Die von Ihnen zum Zwecke des Newsletter-Bezugs bei uns hinterlegten Daten werden von uns bis zu Ihrer Austragung aus dem Newsletter gespeichert und nach der Abbestellung des Newsletters gelöscht. Daten, die zu anderen Zwecken bei uns gespeichert wurden (z.B. E-Mail-Adressen für den Mitgliederbereich) bleiben hiervon unberührt.6. Plugins und ToolsYouTubeUnsere Website nutzt Plugins der von Google betriebenen Seite YouTube. Betreiber der Seiten ist die YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.Wenn Sie eine unserer mit einem YouTube-Plugin ausgestatteten Seiten besuchen, wird eine Verbindung zu den Servern von YouTube hergestellt. Dabei wird dem YouTube-Server mitgeteilt, welche unserer Seiten Sie besucht haben.Wenn Sie in Ihrem YouTube-Account eingeloggt sind, ermöglichen Sie YouTube, Ihr Surfverhalten direkt Ihrem persönlichen Profil zuzuordnen. Dies können Sie verhindern, indem Sie sich aus Ihrem YouTube-Account ausloggen.Die Nutzung von YouTube erfolgt im Interesse einer ansprechenden Darstellung unserer Online-Angebote. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO dar.Weitere Informationen zum Umgang mit Nutzerdaten finden Sie in der Datenschutzerklärung von YouTube unter: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.Google Web FontsDiese Seite nutzt zur einheitlichen Darstellung von Schriftarten so genannte Web Fonts, die von Google bereitgestellt werden. Beim Aufruf einer Seite lädt Ihr Browser die benötigten Web Fonts in ihren Browsercache, um Texte und Schriftarten korrekt anzuzeigen.Zu diesem Zweck muss der von Ihnen verwendete Browser Verbindung zu den Servern von Google aufnehmen. Hierdurch erlangt Google Kenntnis darüber, dass über Ihre IP-Adresse unsere Website aufgerufen wurde. Google Web Fonts are used in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO dar.Wenn Ihr Browser Web Fonts nicht unterstützt, wird eine Standardschrift von Ihrem Computer genutzt.Weitere Informationen zu Google Web Fonts finden Sie unter https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq und in der Datenschutzerklärung von Google: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.Google MapsDiese Seite nutzt über eine API den Kartendienst Google Maps. Anbieter ist die Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.Zur Nutzung der Funktionen von Google Maps ist es notwendig, Ihre IP Adresse zu speichern. Diese Informationen werden in der Regel an einen Server von Google in den USA übertragen und dort gespeichert. Der Anbieter dieser Seite hat keinen Einfluss auf diese Datenübertragung.Die Nutzung von Google Maps erfolgt im Interesse einer ansprechenden Darstellung unserer Online-Angebote und an einer leichten Auffindbarkeit der von uns auf der Website angegebenen Orte. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO dar.Mehr Informationen zum Umgang mit Nutzerdaten finden Sie in der Datenschutzerklärung von Google: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/. ContactImprintPrivacy Policy Chat with us, powered by LiveChat