Career_About us | Reifen Günther - tires for everything that rolls! Home Shop ▼ cars SommerPKW WinterPKW GanzjahrLKW tires Excavator tires alloy wheels ▼ alloy wheels - Catalog SommerAutec alloy wheels - Configurator Brock RC alloy wheels - KonfiguratorProline alloy wheels - Configurator Service services ▼ services PKWServiceleistungen B2BRunderneuerungstechnikWaschanlagen ▼ washer career ▲ ÜbersichtAusbildungsberufeFAQStellenangeboteÜber unsAllgemeines ▼ FAQFilialfinderTerminplanerDatenschutzerklärungKontaktImpressum scheduler Filialfinder Career Contact News September 2019 - relaunch relaunch of our website ... a new design, interesting and current content ... We hope you enjoy exploring our new pages. Facts / Figures Founded in 1947 by Hans Günther, the third generation of the family is managed by Mr. Sebastian Günther, supported by Mr. Simon Harenbrock and Mr. Bernhard Schepers. Tire repairs; Production of retreaded tires; 24 service stations in northwestern Germany, from East Frisia (Aurich, Wilhelmshaven) to NRW (Werl, Beckum) 22 service stations are equipped with portal washing systems; 21 service stations with self-service free washing stations Retreading plant production process Hot and cold renewal technology central warehouse with factory traffic Esso petrol station at the headquarters in DiepholzCa. 180 employees, distributed across the service stations, the retreading plant, the Esso filling station and the administration >>> Reifen Günther opens its doors. At the same time, the first heating press presses down: 1947 start of the retreading of truck and car tires 1952 relocation to “Auf dem Esch 36-39, opening of an ESSO petrol station 1957 opening of the Oldenburg branch 1958 opening of the Osnabrück branch 1959 opening of the Minden branch 1961 opening of the Hanover branches and Twistringen1965 opening of the Sulingen branch1967 opening of the Delmenhorst branch1973 opening of the Schüttorf branch1978 opening of the Quakenbrück branch1979 opening of the Cloppenburg branch, beginning of the cold round renovation1982 opening of the Hoya and Nienburg branches, completion and moving into the new administration building in Diepholz1996 opening of the Beckum branch, in Diepholz New central warehouse and the ESSO filling station completed. 1997 50th anniversary of the company Reifen Günther2001 Opening of the branches in Wunstorf, Werl and Vechta2002 he Wilhelmshaven branch 2004 opening of the Aurich and Preussisch Oldendorf branches 2005 modernization of the retreading plant 2006 opening of the Dreye and Espelkamp branches 2007 opening of the Wildeshausen branch 2013 opening of the Holdorf branch 2015 relocation of the Oldenburg branch to “Holler Landstr.” >>> Everything is going smoothly here ... Günther's retreaders need not shy away from the quality of new tires! This quality is no coincidence: after all, the name Günther hides over 70 years of tradition and specialist knowledge with the latest technology. Retreaded truck tires have a market share of around 50 percent in Germany. Günther tires are renewed using the two well-known processes, kagüd (cold retreading) and regüd (hot retreading), with the focus on hot retreading. Günther's hot retreaded (brand name: regüd) all have the ECE R 109 standard, which is a Europe-wide standard Günther is also TÜV-certified, with around 30,000 tires rolling out of production each year. >>> The environment is also very important to us… At Reifen Günther, the focus has always been on topics such as environmental protection and renewable energies. For example, since 1947, the company has played a major role in protecting the environment by retreading truck tires that have significant ecological advantages over new tires (50% less energy, 80% less water, approx. 70% less crude oil and 30% less CO2) In addition, investments were made in renewable energies through the purchase of photovoltaic systems. The electricity generated is z. B. at the Diepholz production site for the power-intensive machines in the retreading or at the branches, such as. B. in Holdorf used for the tire service and the car wash. These car washes also have their own water treatment plants, separator systems and catch basins. Also when it comes to delivering to our branches, we always look at the aspect of resource-saving use. Due to the in-house central warehouse and the own vehicle fleet, the delivery of goods and goods is generally bundled. >>> ContactImprintPrivacy Policy Chat with us, powered by LiveChat