FAQ | Reifen Günther - tires for everything that rolls! Home Shop ▼ cars SommerPKW WinterPKW GanzjahrLKW tires Excavator tires alloy wheels ▼ alloy wheels - Catalog SommerAutec alloy wheels - Configurator Brock RC alloy wheels - KonfiguratorProline alloy wheels - Configurator Service services ▼ services PKWServiceleistungen B2BRunderneuerungstechnikWaschanlagen ▼ washer career ▼ ÜbersichtAusbildungsberufeFAQStellenangeboteÜber unsAllgemeines ▲ FAQFilialfinderTerminplanerDatenschutzerklärungKontaktImpressum organizer Branch Locator Careers Contact TPMS - thing to note is the so-called TPMS tire pressure monitoring systems are automatic systems? Monitoring tire pressure. A distinction must be made between so-called direct and indirect systems: Direct systems: Direct-measuring systems use a sensor mounted directly on the wheel to monitor the tire pressure and more. U. also for measuring the temperature. If the values ​​are outside the tolerances, a warning message appears: Indirect systems: Indirectly measuring systems measure the tire pressure e.g. via the existing ABS sensors. Whether your vehicle has a TPMS system, whether direct or indirect, can be determined from the operating manual of your vehicle. Basically, however, according to EU regulation that since November 1st, 2012 all newly approved vehicles have to be equipped with a TPMS system. From November 2014, this regulation will also apply to cars and SUVs, so that TPMS is now part of the mandatory equipment. When converting your vehicle from summer to winter tires and vice versa, it is essential that the sensors have to be re-taught. Depending on the vehicle, this can be done by the car itself (after a certain driving time) or manually via the control unit. If you are buying a new tire, new TPMS sensors must also be installed. In addition to the original sensors from the vehicle manufacturer, you can also use replacement sensors here, which we can offer you as a cheaper alternative. >>> Tire age - when can an unused product no longer be sold as new? Basically, a car tire of a maximum of 5 years can be considered new according to the Federal Association of Tire Trade and Vulcanization Handicrafts (BRV) professional storage, as you can find it in all our Günther branches. Reifen Günther offers i. d. R. tires that are significantly below this recommendation. >>> Which minimum tread depth do I need? Legally, the minimum tread depth is 1.6 mm. However, in order to have enough grip on the road, experts recommend a higher remaining tread for safety reasons. Our tip: Summer tires should have a tread depth of at least 3 mm, e.g. To prevent aquaplaning. Winter tires should have a tread depth of at least 4 mm, since with a shallower tread depth the important sipes for interlocking in the slippery surface are more abraded. >>> What are the differences between summer and winter tires? Summer and winter tires differ essentially in the composition of the rubber. Since the winter tires are designed for lower temperatures, the rubber in the composition is softer due to the use of silica In addition, for tires that are approved for winter use, there is an obligation to be identified with an M + S identifier and the 3PFMS logo (better known as the snowflake symbol). >>> Which air pressure should I use to drive my tires? Which air pressure you should use to drive your vehicle optimally depends on factors such as the tire model or the load of your vehicle. in the tank cap of your vehicle or in the tire pressure table of the manufacturer, but it is important that the correct air pressure of your tires is checked regularly; however, this is in the cold state, since the information already deviates with little warming. Because only with optimal air pressure is it possible for you to minimize fuel consumption and prevent internal tire destruction. >>> What does the speed index on my tires stand for? also a so-called speed index (also called speed index), which refers to the maximum speed of the tire. This indicates the speed up to which an optimal continuous tire operation is guaranteed, provided that the tire pressure is optimal up to 130 km / hN = up to 140 km / hP = up to 150 km / hQ = up to 160 km / hR = up to 170 km / hS = up to 180 km / hT = up to 190 km / hH = up to 210 km / hV = up to 240 km / hVR = over 210 km / hW = up to 270 km / hZR = over 240 km / hZR with additional letter Y = up to 300 km / h >>> I can also in winter Driving in the past? The guideline used to be "aluminum rims in summer - steel rims in winter". This no longer applies today; thanks to special paintwork, light alloy rims are also ideally suited for winter use. Winter-proof aluminum rims are resistant to aggressive road salt and are also easy to maintain. >>> May I also wash my vehicle in one of your car washes? Our portal car washes are suitable for most car models and also for many vans. To make sure that your vehicle fits into our portal car wash, we give you here (car washes) an overview, are you still unsure? It is best to ask the service staff on site whether your vehicle is suitable for the gantry car wash. >>> Can I repair a tire and is it still safe? You find air loss in your vehicle because you have inserted a screw and now ask yourself whether this damage can be repaired or whether a new tire needs to be bought ? Our tip: go straight to the expert who should take a look at it: basically every tire can be repaired. However, it always depends on the size of the damage and where the tire is damaged. We comply with the legal guidelines of the vulcanizer and repair trades for repairs, but we also reserve the right to refuse repairs for safety reasons, despite explicit customer requests. >>> What do the designations on the tire mean? On the sidewall of a tire there are important characteristics. This includes the dimension of the tire, information on the design, the rim diameter, information on the load and speed index and much more. >>> Why should my tires be balanced? The balancing of the tires has a significant impact on the traffic safety of your vehicle. In the worst case, incorrect steering movements in traffic can occur and the traffic safety can be jeopardized. In addition, balancing has the following advantages: less wear and tear on your vehicle components, increased mileage of your tires, higher driving comfort, safety even at high speeds, so we recommend balancing and rebalancing with every seasonal change, with every installation of new tires and, moreover, with the use of all-season tires twice a year! >>> When and from how many degrees should I change from summer to winter tires? The rule of thumb for changing from winter to summer tires and vice versa says "From O to O". The winter tires should therefore be dismantled after Easter and driven until October at the latest. That this rule of thumb cannot always be used at face value is, among other things. also due to the changing weather conditions caused by climate change. Ultimately, you as the vehicle owner decide when a change takes place. It is only important that you do not wait too long as the safety risk when driving summer tires below a temperature of + 7 ° increases significantly. >>> Am I obliged to drive winter tires? There is no basic winter tire obligation in Germany. Rather, this depends on the weather conditions, so that the winter tire regulation refers to tires that are permissible for winter use with “M + S” identification and an additional 3 PMSF symbol as well as the minimum tread depth are on the road, but make absolutely sure that you drive with tires that are marked with an "M + S" identifier. Otherwise, in the event of damage, the insurance may withdraw insurance cover due to the use of unauthorized tires and, in the worst case, you will have to cover all costs that arise. >>> Which tire size can I drive? Finding the right tire size can be done i. d. R. can be easily read from your tire. Experience shows, however, that a look at your vehicle registration / registration certificate part I or your EC certificate of conformity (CoC paper) is the more sensible way to find the permissible tires Tire sizes. If you drive a tire size that is not shown in this certificate, it must be approved and entered by the TÜV. This leads to additional costs, so our tip: It is best to have the correct tire size selected by a specialist. Our staff will be happy to assist you !! >>> Which rims fit my vehicle? Similar to the right tire size, the same is true for the right rim size. Here, too, a look at your EC certificate of conformity (CoC paper) is the most sensible way to determine the permissible rim size for your vehicle. However, we always recommend a visit to the local dealer. If you are unsure which rims you are allowed to drive, our staff will be happy to assist you. >>> to the store overview <<< >>> What is the EU tire label? The EU tire label is a marking for tires and was introduced on November 1st, 2012. The label provides information about three properties of the tire: fuel efficiency, wet grip properties and rolling noise. The EU tire label is similar to the labeling of energy efficiency, e.g. in household appliances. The A stands for the best tire performance and the G for the worst performance in the respective category. The rolling noise is shown in decibel values, combined with sound waves.To make a comparison between the tires possible, all tire brands use the same marking. >>> Why do I need a wheel alignment under certain circumstances? You got to know the curb or a deep pothole? Then it may that the chassis no longer meets the target specifications and that wheel alignment makes sense. A change in the axle geometry can have a negative impact on both driving safety and tire wear and lead to premature wear of the wheel bearing. So if you perceive a crooked steering wheel or rumbling chassis noise, we recommend that you measure and adjust the axle at a specialist on site. You have doubts and are unsure? Talk to our employees on site. They will give you expert advice and, if necessary, use the tire wear pattern to determine whether wheel alignment is necessary. >>> Where can I have my tires disposed of? Even if car tires are not considered hazardous waste, they cannot be disposed of with normal household waste. Rather, the disposal of used tires is subject to strict legal regulations so that this can be carried out in an environmentally friendly manner. We work with certified waste disposal companies who have established quality management and the necessary organization. Do you have any questions about disposal? Then feel free to contact our local staff. >>> ContactImprintPrivacy Policy Chat with us, powered by LiveChat