Services B2B | Reifen Günther - tires for everything that rolls! Home Shop ▼ cars SommerPKW WinterPKW GanzjahrLKW tires Excavator tires alloy wheels ▼ alloy wheels - Catalog SommerAutec alloy wheels - Configurator Brock RC alloy wheels - KonfiguratorProline alloy wheels - Configurator Service benefits ▲ services PKWServiceleistungen B2BRunderneuerungstechnikWaschanlagen ▼ washer career ▼ ÜbersichtAusbildungsberufeFAQStellenangeboteÜber unsAllgemeines ▼ FAQFilialfinderTerminplanerDatenschutzerklärungKontaktImpressum organizer Branch Locator Careers Contact tires for everything that rolls ... truck tires, bus tires ... As an industry -Independent, leading marketer of commercial vehicle tires, we offer a wide range of branded tires, at top prices, whether tires are needed for long-distance, regional or municipal transport, for trucks, tractors, semi-trailers or trailers, buses or construction site vehicles, we have the right one Tires! You can expect a huge selection of tires from all well-known manufacturers as well as a top service: On-site installationReturn and delivery serviceTire repairTire fillingsRecutting serviceTurndown serviceCarade purchaseTUEV-certified used tire disposal and much more , You get an individual tire concept that is tailored to the requirements of your fleet and purpose. We would be happy to advise you personally. Get in touch with us ... we will get in touch with you as soon as possible! >> Contact <<< Huge selection of tires from all well-known manufacturers such as: >>> retreaded tires - trucks, excavators, industry -The retreading enters worn tires new life: safe, environmentally friendly and particularly economical. The company Reifen Günther offers a wide range of retreaded truck, forklift and mobile excavator tires.… more information about the product / production process >>> more information <<<… about the tire shop <<< Shop >>> Do you have carcasses for sale? If you would like to receive personal advice, please contact us ... we will get in touch with you as soon as possible! >>> Contact <<< >>> Tires for agriculture and forestry Thanks to our many years of know-how in the field of supplying farmers, We have developed contractors, agricultural and forestry companies into a permanent contact in this industry. Agricultural and agricultural tires AS tires are now specially developed for the requirements of modern agriculture and forestry. The focus is on load-bearing capacity, traction, soil protection and economy. In addition, the tires must be used on the road. In order to protect precious soil and to keep fuel, cleaning and maintenance costs to a minimum, the professional choice of tires is of particular importance. You benefit from our years of know-how, our extensive range and, of course, from fair conditions. We supply tires for tractors, tractors, trailers, slurry tankers and trailer machines, among other things. Our range includes AS front tires, AS diagonal tires, AS radial tires, multi-purpose tires, implementation tires, low-profile tires and tractor golf - and we offer you comprehensive service from a single source. This includes professional assembly and wheel changes as well as repairs, water / chlorine-magnesium fillings, polyurethane fillings and wheel alignment for tractors and agricultural machinery. In addition, there is quick breakdown assistance on site, we would be happy to advise you personally. Get in touch with us ... we will get in touch with you as soon as possible! >>> Contact <<< >>> MPT- / EM- & Industrie - ReifenWhether solid or pneumatic tires, we offer you the right tires, wheels & The application specialists among the tires have to meet the highest demands, particularly with regard to mileage and injury resistance, because the profitability of a fleet is calculated by performance in hours. Anyone who wants to reduce downtime due to tire damage to a minimum relies on comprehensive advice. As an experienced industrial tire supplier, we will find the optimal solution for the individual requirements of your fleet. As a full-range supplier, Günther tires can fit all types of industrial vehicles - depending on the type of use, with pneumatic tires, solid rubber tires, bandages, EM tires or tubes. We offer new tires as well as those from our own factory renewal and, in addition to comprehensive, qualified advice, the entire range of services, of course: on-site assembly of complete wheels, polyurethane fillings, pick-up and delivery service, repairs, as well as environmentally-friendly disposal of used tires, expert advice.Your partner around your transport equipment - tires, wheels and rollers industrial, air and solid rubber tires professional installation of industrial tires using special assembly presses complete wheel change on site (possible with replacement rims) BringserviceWheels and various castors on wheels and castorsOn-site adviceWe would be happy to advise you personally. Get in touch with us ... we will get in touch with you as soon as possible! >>> Contact <<< >>> Our commercial vehicle service assembly Tire assembly of all tires! Truck tires, agricultural tires, EM tires, forklift tires ... >>> AssemblyWe assemble truck tires, agricultural tires, EM tires, forklift tires professionally in all of our branches or, if necessary, on site Vulcanization process - by qualified personnel >>> Repairs The tires can often be repaired. After assessing the possibility of repairing the tires, the tires are repaired using the vulcanization process. Carcass purchaseWe are happy to buy your carcasses (worn truck tires)! >>> Carcass purchase The carcass is the substructure of the tire. It is the basic structure on which the profile strip is then applied. Tire retreading would not be possible without a carcass, which is a valuable raw material in environmentally friendly and resource-saving retreading. Therefore we buy your carcass and thus contribute a large part to environmental protection. You have to sell used truck tires (carcasses), then it is best to use our contact form. We will contact you as soon as possible. 24 hours of breakdown service We are ready for you if a truck breaks down! >>> 24 hour breakdown service on site! Throughout Germany and Europe through our partners, such as: >>> Information about Pneunet <<< FleetcheckWe look closely! The tires in your fleet are checked for tread, possible damage, tire pressure and tire combinations >>> FleetcheckThe tires are checked for tread, possible damage, tire pressure and tire combinations in your fleet. All tires are examined, checked and documented for optimization. With optimal tire air pressures and a combination of tires, you can get more miles out of your tires! We would be happy to advise you personally! Recutting truck tires Recutting truck tires - The third life of a truck tire! >>> Trimming truck tiresThe third life of a truck tire! Get more km out of your tires - professional trimming can increase the mileage of truck tires by up to 30% - depending on the tire type and area of ​​application. But not all tires can and must be re-cut; Therefore, it is always important to pay attention to the inscription "Regroovable". Our recommendation: straight to the expert, who deepens your tires according to the manufacturer's specifications with special recutting devices. We would be happy to check whether your carcass can be recut! Fleets / LeasingPerfect all-round tire service for leasing vehicles! >>> Fleets / LeasingWe are happy to carry out the research on the service integration of your leasing partners in relation to tires, wheels and services. Central invoicing is carried out efficiently by the cooperation companies Fleet-Partner & 4Fleet Group or by DKVTire FillingSpecial Tire Filling or Seals >>> Tire FillingSpecial Tire Filling for Commercial Vehicles, Chlor-Magnesium Filling for Agricultural Vehicles and Tire Seals for Tires in Heavy Duty.We will be happy to advise you! ContactImprintPrivacy Policy Chat with us, powered by LiveChat Your Cookie Settings This website uses cookies and similar technologies to ensure you get the best possible service. By clicking "Agree" you accept the processing and also the transfer of your data to third parties. The data is used for analysis, retargeting and for playing out personalized content on the part of third parties. Further information, including data processing by third-party providers, can be found in the settings and in our data protection information. You can refuse the use of cookies or adjust them at any time via your settings. Agree Manage your cookie settings In order to offer you an optimal website experience, we use cookies. These are small text files that are saved on your computer. This includes cookies for the operation and optimization of the site as well as for services such as the display of share prices or Google Maps as well as content based on your online usage behavior. For example, will be recognized if you visit our site repeatedly from the same device. We want to give you the choice of which cookies you allow. Required cookies These cookies are necessary so that you can navigate through the pages and use essential functions. Analytical cookies These cookies help us to better understand usage behavior. Analysis cookies enable the usage and recognition options to be ascertained by first- or third-party providers in so-called pseudonymous usage profiles. We use analysis cookies, for example, to determine the number of individual visitors to a website or a service or to collect other statistics with regard to the operation of our products, as well as to analyze user behavior based on anonymous and pseudonymous information, such as visitors to the website to interact. It is not possible to draw any direct conclusions about a person. Learn more Learn less Third-party services (external media) On this page, third-party services are integrated that provide their services on their own responsibility. When you visit this page, data is collected using cookies or similar technologies and transmitted to third parties, some for your own purposes. To what extent, for what purposes and on the basis of which legal basis further processing takes place for the third party's own purposes, please refer to the data protection information of the third party. You can find information on the responsible third-party providers in the data protection information. Learn more Learn less Back Imprint Data protection Save settings