History ›KDS Hoist center and breakdown breakdown assistance service KDS Hoist center and breakdown breakdown assistance service Skip navigation Home Services Breakdown and breakdown assistance Car storage / Storage Repatriation Replacement car Support points, Network, depots Low-loader and Coach transport Vehicle fleet Heavy service vehicles Repatriation Light-duty vehicles + Cargo handling Low-loader and Autocart Interventions Vacancies For sale Assistance tracking Links Contact 24 / H + 32 (0) 14 41 97 79 History The LAUWERS GROUP expanded its activities by taking over Kempische Depannagedienst Swaans (KDS) in Turnhout. In addition to expanding the core business - bodywork, hoists and garage - this acquisition also aimed to achieve far-reaching cost savings by centralizing the interventions. The knowledge, staff and name KDS were also retained, so that the integration went smoothly. It should be noted that both companies previously had close ties. The merger of the two companies makes KDS the leading towing company in the Turnhout region. You can also read more information about both companies until before the merger. Lauwers nv Garage Lauwers from Arendonk was founded in 1966. Gradually, the activities car trading, maintenance and breakdown are added. Body repair is still the main activity of the company. The number of hoists or breakdowns is increasing sharply: accidents, breakdowns and seized vehicles. Subsequently, Carrosserie Lauwers is assigned the storage of the seized vehicles. These are vehicles that have been seized by the Police, Customs or judicial authorities for uninsured, tax fraud, involvement in crimes, etc. The vehicles are always available to judicial authorities when further investigation of traces and the like is required. A perfect cooperation with the Ministry of Justice is gradually emerging. In consultation with them, Garage Lauwers develops a unique software package for the administration of these storage vehicles, which enables the correct management of often time-consuming files. The fastest possible processing is guaranteed. After the merger of Garage Lauwers and KDS in 2000, all hoist activities are transferred to Turnhout. After all, there is staff available around the clock to carry out interventions at the shortest possible time. The next step is cooperation with various partners on the theme of mobility. Insurance companies and breakdown assistance services are quickly convinced and like to call on the correct and flexible approach of KDS. In addition to hoisting immobilized vehicles domestically, KDS goes international for repairs and repatriation throughout Europe, even Asia. www.lauwersnv.be KDS NV At the time of merging with Lauwers nv, the Kempische Breakdown Service Swaans KDS exists for 11 years. KDS mainly performs interventions in the event of breakdowns, accidents and fault parking in the Turnhout region. On demand, KDS offers assistance to private individuals, insurance companies, roadside assistance, police and garage owners. KDS works a lot for regular customers from the region. KDS, an SME with in addition to manager Eddy Swaans and his wife, has 4 employees. The company is well equipped with a vehicle fleet that can be seen. Seven wagons consisting of three trucks with sliding platform, two heavy tow trucks for trucks and buses, a rapid intervention vehicle and finally a material trolley. The company site is equipped with sheds in which collected vehicles can be stored to protect them from wind and weather. The merger The merger arose from a win-win situation. KDS manager Swaans envisioned a brighter future, while Garage Lauwers wanted to broaden its activities. The start phase was therefore immediately good. The implementation went seamlessly, because part of the management and staff were integrated. Garage Lauwers, which has since grown into an all-round car company, takes advantage of this expansion by combining both staff and infrastructure of both companies. Due to the increase in scale, the company immediately becomes a major player in the hoist market. Especially in the field of repatriation, the regional action area is expanded to an international one. Recently, car rental has also become part of the KDS service. Passenger cars to mini-bus are available. The Future: KDS Kempische Depannage Service Predicting the future remains risky. Thanks to the company's many years of experience, the theme of “mobility” can be continuously analyzed and improved in all its facets. KDS is constantly evolving to the next step, with the aim of fully controlling every situation in hoist orders. This includes getting to the scene as quickly as possible, guaranteeing road safety, mobilizing and towing the vehicles involved, storing defective cars and seizures, transferring or storing loads (including ADR), handling expertise files for insurance companies, providing replacement vehicles. and so on… In short: the affected people save from extra headaches Innovation is necessary to achieve all this. From the beginning of 2010, Kempische Depannage Service has a fleet of 14 service vehicles, ranging from a simple intervention car with towing glasses to imposing giant vehicles to hoist heavy rolling stock such as trucks and buses. All vehicles are equipped with a GPRS system with which they are directly connected to the home base. This keeps the driver always informed of the latest information about loading and unloading addresses and the status of the vehicles to be handled. The position of all tow trucks is also monitored, so that the assignments can always be optimally distributed or adjusted where necessary. KDS is also part of a network of “support centers” throughout Europe. These support centers are companies that pursue the same quality standard for the execution and handling of orders. Replacement transport is always available at these support centers to guarantee the mobility of customers in the shortest possible time. By continuously investing in skilled people, tow trucks, materials and techniques, Kempische Depannage Service can confidently look forward to a bright future in the breakdown world! Contact KDS nv Grotenhoutlaan 10 2300 Turnhout, Belgium Tel: +32 (0) 14 41 97 79 Fax: +32 (0) 14 42 07 41 E-mail: info@kdsnv.be Follow us on Facebook © 2020 KDS nv Web design: Robarov