Porsche Service Center Cosenza, Porsche Italy Porsche Porsche Models Menu Menu About us About us About us How to reach us Used Used Porsche Used Porsche Search Porsche Service Porsche Service Porsche Service Book coupon Driver's Selection & accessories Driver's Selection & accessories Porsche Driver's Selection Porsche Tequipment Contact Car Configurator Financial Services Model Comparison Tools and Services Porsche Models Available Cars Porsche Used Driver Search Online Shop More about Porsche Car Configurator Financial Services Model Comparison Porsche Cosenza Service Center Find out more The Porsche Cosenza Service Center resumes operations. #ReadytoRepart TOGETHER TO START again | Covid-19 Fundraiser Our Services. New Taycan. Soul, Electrified. Used Porsche Used Porsche Porsche Approved The Company About Us How To Reach Us Contacts Follow Us Porsche Assistance From Italy 800 129 911 Abroad +39 06 42 115 911 Porsche Service Center Cosenza Cosenza Motorsport s.r.l. Contrada Coda di Volpe, 35 87036 Rende CS Tel. +39 098 440 0911 cosenza-motorsport.ca.cs@porsche.it VAT: IT 03441830787 © Porsche Italia. Legal indications. Privacy policy. Fuel consumption / emissions. Cookies. * Data determined according to the measurement method required by law. Since 1 September 2017, some new cars have been type-approved in accordance with the harmonized worldwide testing procedure for light vehicles ("WLTP"), a more realistic test procedure for measuring fuel / electricity consumption and CO₂ emissions. From 1 September 2018 the WLTP replaces the new European driving cycle ("NEDC"). Due to the more realistic test conditions, fuel / electricity consumption and CO₂ emission values ​​measured according to the WLTP procedure will in many cases be higher than those determined in accordance with the NEDC procedure. This could result in corresponding changes in vehicle taxation as of September 1, 2018. As of January 1, 2019, we are required to provide WLTP values. The accessory performances and accessories (accessories, tire models, etc.) can substantially modify the parameters of a vehicle, such as weight, rolling resistance and aerodynamics and, together with weather and traffic conditions, as well as individual management , can affect fuel / electricity consumption, CO2 emissions level and vehicle performance values. The further communication of the NEDC values ​​is carried out using the correlation tool referred to in the Implementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1153 for tax and information purposes. To the extent that NEDC values ​​are presented in the form of ranges, they do not refer to a single vehicle and are not part of the offer. These values ​​are only intended to compare different types of vehicles. For more information on the difference between the WLTP procedure and the NEDC, please visit www.porsche.com/wltp. ** Here you will find important information on Porsche models with fully electric drive.