Services - Bösche Reisen Hamburg DeutschAbout usServicesSt. Pauli Bus FleetDirections & ContactBooking FormImprintData ProtectionEnglish Travel and Trips Book comfortable bus trips conveniently at Bösche Reisen from Hamburg. St. Pauli Bus Rent now Download the 2020 day trips catalog as a PDF Download the 2020 multi-day trips catalog as a PDF Tours and Trips Book comfortable bus trips conveniently with Bösche Reisen from Hamburg. St. Pauli Bus Charter now Catalog Day Trips 2017 Download PDF Catalog Download More Day Trips 2017 as PDF Services and service Our catalog already offers you a large variety of short and holiday trips in Germany and abroad. Whether round trip, city tour or day trip - our tourism department will be happy to advise you. At the same time, we plan your journey and ensure that everything runs smoothly - from A for calls to Z for satisfaction. Day trips Let yourself be inspired by our over 100 day trips with varied and exciting excursions. Click here: Day trips catalog 2020 Download Bösche Busreisen Our bus trips to different destinations offer you a multitude of impressions that have a long-lasting effect. Look forward to new places, acquaintances and interesting excursions. The coaches for longer journeys are equipped with the latest technology, ergonomic sofa beds, toilet, kitchen, air conditioning and TV. For the transfer of groups as part of day trips or shorter trips, we offer the luxury of state-of-the-art shuttle buses with every comfort. Bus Travel Catalog 2020 Download Individual offers We get you going - and make everything possible. Whether single one-way trips outside of Hamburg or the support of major events - with us you always drive right. We have all the necessary capacities to fulfill your travel request in every detail. We would be happy to work out an individual offer for your group travel. We have the perfect solution, from day trips to longer vacation stays in Germany or abroad. We respond to your special wishes and ideas and bundle them into an eventful and relaxing travel experience. Our excellent price-performance ratio will convince you. We look forward to your call! With our individual holiday service, we can also put together tailor-made trips for you - depending on your age and interests and, of course, on your budget. We look forward to your call! Shuttle service We have developed mobile concepts that are unique for people with physical limitations. So we have z. B. about special, handicapped-friendly sprinters. Thanks to the option of lowering the rear section of the vehicle, the wheelchairs can be easily pushed up the ramp. Maximum security is also guaranteed. The wheelchairs are fixed with special straps during the journey in special devices. The wheelchair user is additionally secured with a three-point belt that is firmly anchored in the floor. Integration is important to us. Therefore, we also offer the opportunity to bring travelers with and without handicap together as a group to their destination so that they can share their excursion experience. Our minibuses offer space for six wheelchair users, who can enter the passenger compartment via a hydraulic lift, and also have another 25 seats. Our customers include a. Senior residences, schools or disabled facilities. Convenient booking You can easily book all day trips and bus trips, city tours or guides from our in-house catalog by phone or during a personal consultation at our headquarters. Individual travel arrangements: We design your trip according to your ideas. We work out group trips and group day trips in accordance with the requirements of our customers. Depending on the size of the tour group, we can provide you with the perfect vehicle. The selection ranges from the Sprinter with 16 seats to the double-decker bus with 78 seats. Our taxi service will take you to different places. For special journeys, we provide the FC St. Pauli bus with driver. Trained staff Highly qualified drivers ensure your safety throughout the trip. They take part in regular safety training courses with an in-house bus driving instructor and also have many decades of professional experience. Comfort We make it comfortable for you - right from the start. Do you want the best service on board? No problem. Upon request, a hostess will provide you with everything you need for your well-being, including a packed lunch. Our carefully selected and tested star hotels also meet the highest standards. We are a member of Bösche Reisen Albert-Schweitzer-Ring 5-7 22045 Hamburg Tel: 040 - 2000 11 29 Fax: 040 - 2000 11 48 Departure All day trips and multi-day trips start from HH-ZOB, Tonndorf station, Rahlstedt station, station Ahrensburg, Herold-Center Norderstedt and subway station Norderstedt Mitte. The departure time can be found in our catalog and your travel confirmation. Group discount 5% for groups of 10 or more (joint registration and payment) only for day trips. Individual boarding is possible for groups of 10 people or more. B. ZOB Geesthacht, Lüneburg station, Lauenburg, Harburg and Glinde. Bösche Reisen Albert-Schweitzer-Ring 5-7 22045 Hamburg Tel: 040 20001129 Fax: 040 20001148 Become a fan! Google + Imprint Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Unsubscribe | Edit This website uses cookies. Cookies are used for user guidance and web analysis and help to improve this website. By continuing to use this website, you agree to our cookie policy. More information here: Cookie Policy Ok