St. Pauli Bus - Bösche Reisen Hamburg EnglishAbout usServicesSt. Pauli Bus FleetDirections & ContactBooking FormImprintData ProtectionEnglish Travel and Trips Book comfortable bus trips conveniently at Bösche Reisen from Hamburg. St. Pauli Bus Rent now Download the 2020 day trips catalog as a PDF Download the 2020 multi-day trips catalog as a PDF Tours and Trips Book comfortable bus trips conveniently with Bösche Reisen from Hamburg. St. Pauli Bus Charter now Catalog Day Trips 2017 Download PDF Catalog Download More Day Trips 2017 as PDF ST. PAULI BUS RENT A ride on the FC St. Pauli team bus Are you a FC St. Pauli fan and always wanted to know what it was like to be chauffeured to away games? We are happy to fulfill this dream! Bösche Reisen gives you the driving pleasure of football professionals. Take a seat on one of 30 comfortable leather seats in the elegant ambience of an original FC St. Pauli team bus and enjoy the journey to the fullest from the first moment! During the day, the seats can be used with a table, and can be easily converted into a sleeping seat on long journeys. The bus has air conditioning, a satellite system, WiFi, an on-board toilet, 4 monitors, CD and DVD players and a bistro kitchen. It will be a travel experience for all ages! With our FC-St. Pauli bus, day trips or one-way transfers are possible. The curious glances of the passers-by that you will reap through the tinted windows are, by the way, a special pleasure that should not be missed. Treat yourself to this extraordinary and unforgettable experience. How do you get on the bus? Register by email to info@boesche-reisen.de with the subject “St. Pauli Bus ”or use our booking form below. The email should contain all important personal data as well as the desired travel date, the time and the planned route. Get an offer now! Surname First name Company Street and no. Zip code / city E-mail Telephone Number of people + - From To Message Boarding By appointment HH-ZOB Harburg station Wandsbek Schloßstrasse Tonndorf station Rahlstedt station Ahrensburg station Lüneburg Hbf. Lübeck Hbf. Kiel Information about St. Pauli- Bus The data protection declaration applies. Note: Please fill in the fields marked with *. Rent the St. Pauli bus for city tours Weddings Company events Transfer trips Events Day trips Note: The association itself is entitled to the right to rent. Equipment On-board toilet Air conditioning CD & DVD player 4 monitors WiFi Bistro kitchen Fridge Sky possible Leg supports electrically adjustable to the table 2x club tables tinted windows 30 seats Bösche Reisen Albert-Schweitzer-Ring 5-7 22045 Hamburg Tel: 040 20001129 Fax: 040 20001148 Fan will! Google + Imprint Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Unsubscribe | Edit This website uses cookies. Cookies are used for user guidance and web analysis and help to improve this website. By continuing to use this website, you agree to our cookie policy. More information here: Cookie Policy Ok