About us - Bösche Reisen Hamburg DeutschAbout usServicesSt. Pauli Bus FleetDirections & ContactBooking FormImprintData ProtectionEnglish Travel and Trips Book comfortable bus trips conveniently at Bösche Reisen from Hamburg. St. Pauli Bus Rent now Download the 2020 day trips catalog as a PDF Download the 2020 multi-day trips catalog as a PDF Tours and Trips Book comfortable bus trips conveniently with Bösche Reisen from Hamburg. St. Pauli Bus Charter now Catalog Day Trips 2017 Download PDF Catalog Download More Day Trips 2017 as PDF About us We will send you on your very personal dream trip. A highly motivated team takes care of all the details - from advice and booking to the entire organization. Our philosophy A nice trip or day trip doesn't have to be expensive. This has always been the guiding principle of Bösche Reisen, which still runs through all areas of our offer. Everyone gets their money's worth with us. Whether you want to go on tour in an original St. Pauli team bus or are looking for a senior program specially tailored to your needs - every service stands out, from the choice of destinations and hotels to the transfer services granted as part of our trips, through an excellent price-performance ratio. That means: With us you get maximum performance, quality and service for your money. History Moving beginnings In 1958, the native Silesian Paul Bösche founded a bus company in Hamburg. Together with his wife Helene, he literally ran the company from the living room table in the early years. With his Büssing bus, he served the increasing commuting traffic for workers from the newly emerging districts and suburbs of Hamburg's east and brought his customers daily to their workplaces in the booming port of Hamburg. Paul Bösche's company also benefited from the then poor public transport connections and the first wave of wanderlust from the Germans. Italy in particular was at the top of Hamburg's wish list as a destination. The aspiring entrepreneur not only expanded his travel offer to include destinations within Germany during the holiday seasons, but also traveled to Austria and Italy. The great growth since the 1960s In 1965, under the roof of the Hamburg Transport Association (HVV), a worldwide association of all major transport companies in Hamburg and the surrounding area was created. At the beginning of the 1970s, Paul Bösche took over further lines in the east of Hamburg on behalf of the Hamburg Hochbahn. The fleet was expanded to include ten new Mercedes regular-service buses, thereby expanding significantly. As part of the expansion, a new company site in Rahlstedt was created with a modern vehicle hall and a vehicle workshop. In addition to the popular bus and train tours, more and more affordable holiday flights have now been added. A newly founded travel agency expanded the business of the Bösche family and supplied the numerous regular customers with train tickets, flight and ferry tickets as well as the popular vacation packages from TUI & Co. The number of destinations also grew for their own trips. Tours to France, Spain, the Benelux countries or Scandinavia could be booked with Bösche. From then on, guests came to their destination in comfortable Mercedes touring coaches with automatic doors, nozzle ventilation and fabric-covered individual seats. Between 1984 and 1987, the family expanded their company premises with new vehicle halls and a new office building. Boom years after the fall of the Berlin Wall With the opening of the inner German border, the demand for travel to the new federal states grew. Back then, the Baltic Sea coast and the Mecklenburg Lake District as well as Thuringia and Saxony were practically only accessible by bus. On December 1, 1991, the senior handed over the company to his two sons, travel agent Hartmut Bösche and motor vehicle engineer Günter Bösche. The new company management increasingly concentrated on holiday traffic and discontinued regular HVV trips. The fleet consisted of the most modern Mercedes and Setra coaches, equipped with air conditioning, toilet and galley. Bösche took the trend towards second and third trips into account with its range of city and short trips. The company also designed tailor-made offers in the area of ​​wellness, active and adventure travel for the older generation, the so-called best agers. Since 2007 the soccer team of the cult club FC St. Pauli has also been comfortably driven by Bösche Reisen to all games and to their training camps. Merger: Two family businesses create added value In 2011 Günter Bösche decided to merge with the Stambula group of companies, which is also based in Hamburg. The merger with the broad-based transport company paved the way for new business areas and customers in the travel and day travel segment. Through a common fleet and the bundling of their marketing activities, both companies increase their competence and secure further market shares. This sets the course for positive business development in the future. As the new department head, Maximilian Stambula controls the company's fortunes. Bösche Reisen's successful concept has been retained. Then as now, the company offers its customers tailor-made trips with a high experience factor at an unbeatable price-performance ratio. Bösche Reisen Albert-Schweitzer-Ring 5-7 22045 Hamburg Tel: 040 20001129 Fax: 040 20001148 Become a fan! Google + Imprint Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Unsubscribe | Edit This website uses cookies. Cookies are used for user guidance and web analysis and help to improve this website. By continuing to use this website, you agree to our cookie policy. More information here: Cookie Policy Ok