Data protection - Bösche Reisen Hamburg DeutschAbout usServicesSt. Pauli Bus FleetDirections & ContactBooking FormImprintData ProtectionEnglish Travel and Trips Book comfortable bus trips conveniently at Bösche Reisen from Hamburg. St. Pauli Bus Rent now Download the 2020 day trips catalog as a PDF Download the 2020 multi-day trips catalog as a PDF Tours and Trips Book comfortable bus trips conveniently with Bösche Reisen from Hamburg. St. Pauli Bus Charter now Catalog Day Trips 2017 Download PDF Catalog Download More Day Trips 2017 as PDF Data protection declaration Data protection Bösche Reisen, owner Braaker Bustouristik GmbH & Co. KG takes the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration. Our website can generally be used without providing personal data. Insofar as personal data (e.g. name, address or email address) is collected on our website, this is always done on a voluntary basis as far as possible. This data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from access by third parties. Use and disclosure of personal data The data and its content remain with our company and our provider. We only use your personal data to answer your inquiries and to process contracts concluded with you. They are not made available to third parties in any form by us or by persons commissioned by us, unless there is an official order to do so. By revoking your consent to the storage, the stored personal data will be deleted if your knowledge is no longer required to fulfill the purpose of the storage or if its storage is inadmissible for other legal reasons. Right to information As a user of our website, you have the right, upon written request, to request information from us about the data stored about you or your pseudonym. Security notice We strive to protect your personal data and have taken technical and organizational measures to protect the personal data you provide from loss, destruction, manipulation and unauthorized access. All our employees and third parties involved in data processing are committed to the Federal Data Protection Act and the confidential handling of personal data. We cannot guarantee complete data security for communication by email. We therefore recommend that you send confidential information by post. Data protection declaration for the use of Google Analytics This website uses functions of the web analytics service Google Analytics. The provider is Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheater Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. If IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will be shortened beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The full IP address is only transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services related to website activity and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. You can prevent the storage of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading the browser plug-in available under the following link and install: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de Cookies Some of the websites use so-called cookies. Cookies do no damage to your computer and contain no viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective and safer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies". They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted. Contact form If you send us inquiries using the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the inquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. We will not pass on this data without your consent. Server log files The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are: Browser type / browser version Operating system used Referrer URL Host name of the accessing computer Time of the server request This data cannot be assigned to specific people. This data is not merged with other data sources. We reserve the right to check this data retrospectively if we become aware of specific indications of illegal use. Data protection declaration for the use of Facebook plugins (like button) Plugins of the social network Facebook, provider Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA, are integrated on our pages. You can recognize the Facebook plugins by the Facebook logo or the "Like" button on our website. An overview of the Facebook plugins can be found here: http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. When you visit a website on our website that contains such a plugin, your browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is transmitted from Facebook directly to your browser, which integrates it into the website. By integrating the plugins, Facebook receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding page of our website. If you have a Facebook profile, Facebook can assign the visit to your Facebook account by storing cookies and using JavaScript. If you interact with the plugins, for example by clicking the "Like" button or leaving a comment, the corresponding information will be transmitted from your browser directly to Facebook and saved there. You can prevent this with suitable browser plugins; however, please note that this also means that the Facebook social plugins will no longer work. If you click the Facebook "Like" button while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the content of our pages to your Facebook profile. This enables Facebook to assign your visit to our website to your user account. We would like to point out that, as the provider of the website, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or how it is used by Facebook. If you do not want Facebook to be able to assign your visit to our website to your Facebook user account, please log out of your Facebook user account. For more information, see Facebook's privacy policy at http://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php. Data protection declaration for the use of Google +1 Our pages use functions of Google +1. The provider is Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheater Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Collection and disclosure of information: You can use the Google +1 button to publish information worldwide. The Google +1 button gives you and other users personalized content from Google and our partners. Google stores both the information that you have given +1 for content and information about the page that you viewed when you clicked +1. Your +1 can be displayed as information together with your profile name and your photo in Google services, such as in search results or in your Google profile, or elsewhere on websites and advertisements on the Internet. Google records information about your +1 activities in order to improve Google services for you and others. To be able to use the Google +1 button, you need a globally visible, public Google profile that must contain at least the name chosen for the profile. This name is used in all Google services. In some cases, this name can also replace another name that you used when sharing content via your Google account. The identity of your Google profile can be shown to users who know your email address or who have other identifying information about you. Use of the information collected: In addition to the uses described above, the information you provide will be used in accordance with the applicable Google data protection regulations. Google may publish summarized statistics about the +1 activities of the users or pass them on to users and partners, such as publishers, advertisers or connected websites. Integration of third-party services and content It may happen that third-party content, such as videos from YouTube, maps from Google Maps, RSS feeds or graphics from other websites, is integrated within this online offer. This always presupposes that the providers of this content (hereinafter referred to as "third party providers") perceive the IP address of the users. Because without the IP address, they could not send the content to the browser of the respective user. The IP address is therefore required to display this content. We strive to only use content whose respective providers only use the IP address to deliver the content. However, we have no influence on whether the third-party provider uses the IP address e.g. save for statistical purposes. As far as we know, we will inform the users about it. reCAPTCHA To protect your inquiries via the Internet form, we use the reCAPTCHA service from Google Inc. (Google). The query serves to differentiate whether the input is made by a human being or is misused by automated, mechanical processing. The query includes sending the IP address and any other data required by Google for the reCAPTCHA service to Google. For this purpose, your input will be transmitted to Google and used further there. However, Google will shorten your IP address beforehand within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The full IP address is only transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of this service. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of reCaptcha will not be merged with other Google data. The differing data protection regulations of the company Google apply to this data. Further information on Google's data protection guidelines can be found at: https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/ Objection to advertising emails The use of contact data published within the scope of the imprint obligation to send unsolicited advertising and Information materials are hereby contradicted. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam e-mails. Withdrawal of consent and right of objection You have the right to review all personal data that is stored with us and to correct who you think is outdated or incorrect. You are entitled to withdraw your consent to the use of personal data at any time with future effect. All you need to do is send an email to our data protection officer Ms. Ewelina Nowak to datenschutz@stambula.de. Changes to this data protection declaration We reserve the right to change our data protection declaration if this should become necessary due to new technologies. Please make sure that you have the latest version. If fundamental changes are made to this data protection declaration, we will announce them on our website. Bösche Reisen Albert-Schweitzer-Ring 5-7 22045 Hamburg Tel: 040 20001129 Fax: 040 20001148 Become a fan! Google + Imprint Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Unsubscribe | Edit This website uses cookies. Cookies are used for user guidance and web analysis and help to improve this website. By continuing to use this website, you agree to our cookie policy. More information here: Cookie Policy Ok