Fleet - Bösche Reisen Hamburg DeutschAbout usServicesSt. Pauli Bus FleetDirections & ContactBooking FormImprintData ProtectionEnglish Travel and Trips Book comfortable bus trips conveniently at Bösche Reisen from Hamburg. St. Pauli Bus Rent now Download the 2020 day trips catalog as a PDF Download the 2020 multi-day trips catalog as a PDF Tours and Trips Book comfortable bus trips conveniently with Bösche Reisen from Hamburg. St. Pauli Bus Charter now Catalog Day Trips 2017 Download PDF Catalog Download More Day Trips 2017 as PDF Fleet Our vehicle fleet consists of 30 vehicles. From the Sprinter with 16 + 1 seats to the double-decker bus with 78 + 1 seats, we are equipped for the optimal transportation of all group sizes. This comfort awaits you in our vehicles The backbone of our fleet is the comfort coach with 49 seats. The furnishings include adjustable armchairs with armrests, footrests and folding tables. An air conditioning system with individually adjustable ventilation and a reading lamp is located on the site. The coach is equipped with an on-board toilet and an on-board kitchen with a cooler for drinks. Video monitors and DVD players provide entertaining entertainment while driving. Silver bus: 57 + 1 seats The equipment includes adjustable armchairs with armrests and footrests, folding tables, air conditioning with individually adjustable ventilation and a reading lamp on the seat. The coach is equipped with an on-board toilet and an on-board kitchen with a cooler for drinks. Video monitors and DVD players provide entertaining entertainment while driving. White bus: 48 + 1 seats The equipment includes adjustable armchairs with armrests and footrests, folding tables and 83cm seat spacing. An air conditioning system with individually adjustable ventilation and a reading lamp is located on the site. The coach is equipped with an on-board toilet and an on-board kitchen with a cooler for drinks. Video monitors and DVD players provide entertaining entertainment while driving. Gold-Anthracite Bus 49 + 1 seats The equipment includes adjustable armchairs with armrests and footrests, folding tables and 83cm seat spacing. An air conditioning system with individually adjustable ventilation and a reading lamp is located on the site. The coach is equipped with an on-board toilet and an on-board kitchen with a cooler for drinks. Video monitors and DVD players provide entertaining entertainment while driving. St. Pauli Bus 30 + 1 seats The equipment includes adjustable armchairs with armrests and legrests. The leg rests are electrically adjustable to the table. An air conditioning system with individually adjustable ventilation and a reading lamp is located on the site. The coach is equipped with an on-board toilet and an on-board kitchen with a cooler for drinks. 4 video monitors and DVD players provide entertaining entertainment while driving. In addition, the bus has WiFi, TV and Sky connection. Gallery Insights into the comfort and equipment of our fleet. Bösche Reisen Albert-Schweitzer-Ring 5-7 22045 Hamburg Tel: 040 20001129 Fax: 040 20001148 Become a fan! Google + Imprint Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Unsubscribe | Edit This website uses cookies. Cookies are used for user guidance and web analysis and help to improve this website. By continuing to use this website, you agree to our cookie policy. More information here: Cookie Policy Ok