Imprint - Bösche Reisen Hamburg DeutschAbout usServicesSt. Pauli Bus FleetDirections & ContactBooking FormImprintData ProtectionEnglish Travel and Trips Book comfortable bus trips conveniently at Bösche Reisen from Hamburg. St. Pauli Bus Rent now Download the 2020 day trips catalog as a PDF Download the 2020 multi-day trips catalog as a PDF Tours and Trips Book comfortable bus trips conveniently with Bösche Reisen from Hamburg. St. Pauli Bus Charter now Catalog Day Trips 2017 Download PDF Catalog More Day Trips 2017 as PDF Imprint Owner Braaker Bustouristik GmbH & Co KG Commercial Register: District Court Lübeck, HRA 5425 HL, represented by Braaker Bustouristik Verwaltungs GmbH, Commercial Register: Local Court Lübeck, HRB 7986 HL Managing Director: Maximilian Stambula Headquarters: Schmiedestr. 16, 22145 Braak VAT ID no .: DE 258 989 520 supervisory authority: Stormarn district The district administrator for road traffic affairs Rögen 36, 23843 Bad Oldesloe Hamburg branch: Albert-Schweitzer-Ring 5-7 22045 Hamburg Tel: 040 20001129 Fax: 040 20001148 E -Mail: info@boesche-reisen.de Opening times: Mon. to Fri. 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. Complaint management / information requirement for online dispute resolution Since February 15, 2016, the EU Commission has provided a platform for out-of-court dispute resolution. This gives consumers the opportunity to resolve disputes in connection with our online offer without the involvement of a court. The dispute resolution platform can be reached at the external link http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/. In this context, we are legally obliged to refer you to our email address. This is info@boesche-reisen.de. We endeavor to resolve any disagreements from our contract by mutual agreement. In addition, we are not obliged to participate in arbitration proceedings and, unfortunately, cannot offer you participation in such proceedings. Disclaimer Content of the online offer The author assumes no liability for the topicality, correctness, completeness or quality of the information provided. Liability claims against the author, which refer to material or immaterial damage caused by the use or non-use of the information provided or by the use of incorrect and incomplete information, are fundamentally excluded, unless the author can prove that it was intentional or grossly negligent Is at fault. All offers are non-binding. The author expressly reserves the right to change, supplement or delete parts of the pages or the entire offer without separate announcement, or to temporarily or permanently cease publication. References and links In the case of direct or indirect references to external websites (hyperlinks) that are outside the author's area of ​​responsibility, a liability obligation would only come into force if the author was aware of the content and it was technically possible and reasonable for him would be to prevent use in the event of illegal content. The author hereby expressly declares that at the time of linking, no illegal content was discernible on the linked pages. The author has no influence on the current and future design, content or authorship of the linked pages. He therefore hereby expressly distances himself from all content on all linked / connected pages that were changed after the link was created. This statement applies to all links and references set within the company's own website as well as to third-party entries in guest books, discussion forums, link directories, mailing lists and all other forms of databases set up by the author, the content of which can be accessed externally. For illegal, incorrect or incomplete content and in particular for damage resulting from the use or non-use of information provided in this way, the provider of the page to which reference is made is solely liable, not the one who merely refers to the respective publication via links. Copyright and trademark law The author endeavors to observe the copyrights of the graphics, sound documents, video sequences and texts used in all publications, to use graphics, sound documents, video sequences and texts created by himself or to use license-free graphics, sound documents, video sequences and texts . All brands and trademarks mentioned on the website and possibly protected by third parties are subject without restriction to the provisions of the applicable trademark law and the ownership rights of the respective registered owner. The mere mention does not mean that trademarks are not protected by the rights of third parties! The copyright for published objects created by the author remains solely with the author of the pages. Duplication or use of such graphics, sound documents, video sequences and texts in other electronic or printed publications is not permitted without the express consent of the author. Data protection If there is an opportunity to enter personal or business data (email addresses, names, addresses) on the website, the disclosure of this data by the user is expressly voluntary. The use and payment of all services offered is - as far as technically possible and reasonable - also permitted without providing such data or by entering anonymized data or a pseudonym. The use of the contact details published in the imprint or comparable information such as postal addresses, telephone and fax numbers and email addresses by third parties to send information that has not been expressly requested is not permitted. Legal steps against the senders of so-called spam mails in violation of this prohibition are expressly reserved. Legal validity of this disclaimer This disclaimer is to be regarded as part of the internet publication which you were referred from. If parts or individual formulations of this text should not, no longer or not completely correspond to the applicable legal situation, the remaining parts of the document remain unaffected in their content and validity. Bösche Reisen Albert-Schweitzer-Ring 5-7 22045 Hamburg Tel: 040 20001129 Fax: 040 20001148 Become a fan! Google + Imprint Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Unsubscribe | Edit This website uses cookies. Cookies are used for user guidance and web analysis and help to improve this website. By continuing to use this website, you agree to our cookie policy. More information here: Cookie Policy Ok