Opening hours Monday - Friday 9:00 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. and 1:30 p.m. - 6:00 p.m. Saturday 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. Sunday closed. CAR SERVICE IN Kefenrod WE ARE YOUR AUTOEXCELLENT WORKSHOP Make an appointment now gruenwald@reifen-und-service.de Imprint | Disclaimer of liability | Data protection Imprint | Disclaimer of liability | Data protection Thomas Grünwald Home Autonews About us Contact IMPRINT DISCLAIMER DATA PROTECTION Welcome to Autohaus Grünwald In our AUTOEXCELLENT car workshop, we put SERVICE first and foremost. In addition to repair and painting, as well as inspection, main inspection (with integrated AU) * and tire service, we also offer a whole range of other services. We will discuss all necessary work with you personally in advance. Our trained team strives to offer you and your car the best: fast, professional, individual service for all vehicle brands at absolutely fair prices! Your AUTOEXCELLENT company Thomas Grünwald ALL BRANDS, ALL MODELS, ALL YEARS: WE CAN! We make the decision easy for you: Repairs, maintenance and inspections - no matter whether for your used or new car, no matter which model or which manufacturer - we are your contact when it comes to competent vehicle service. With us, all work is carried out exclusively using original branded spare parts from leading OEMs from the automotive industry. For us, customer-oriented service comes first. This requires sound knowledge. Our entire team regularly takes part in practice-oriented training courses on components, repairs and workshop equipment. As a partner company of AUTOEXCELLENT WERKSTATT, we have a quality promise to fulfill. In our interest and for your benefit. Our trained and competent team is available to you with advice and action at any time with a comprehensive range of services, experience and reliable master quality. We professionally take care of the maintenance of your vehicle. Make an appointment with us today and take advantage of our customer-friendly and flexible service at any time. We look forward to your trust!