Opening times Monday - Friday 9:00 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. and 1:30 p.m. - 6:00 p.m. Saturday 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. Sunday closed. CAR SERVICE IN Kefenrod PRIVACY POLICY 06049 953900 06049 950750 gruenwald@reifen-und-service.de Imprint | Disclaimer of liability | Data protection Imprint | Disclaimer of liability | Data protection Thomas Grünwald Home Autonews About us Contact IMPRINT LIABILITY DISCLAIMER DATA PROTECTION 1. Name and contact details of the person responsible for processing in accordance with our imprint. 2. Collection and storage of personal data and the type and purpose of their use When you visit our website, the browser used on your device automatically sends information to the server on our website. This information is temporarily stored in a so-called log file. The following information is recorded without your intervention and stored for automated deletion: IP address of the requesting computer, date and time of access, name and URL of the file accessed, website from which access is made (referrer URL), browser used and possibly the operating system of your computer as well as the name of your access provider. The data mentioned are processed by us for the following purposes: ensuring a smooth connection to the website, ensuring comfortable use of our website, evaluating system security and stability, and for other administrative purposes. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR. Our legitimate interest follows from the data collection purposes listed above. Personal data includes the first name and surname, the telephone number and the email address. Personal data also includes information on hobbies, memberships and preferences, as well as websites that have been accessed. If you register on our website to use personalized services, personal data will be collected. This includes the name, address, telephone number and e-mail address as contact and communication data. This data is only collected, used and, if necessary, passed on if the legislator expressly permits it or if the user consents to the collection, processing, use and disclosure of the data. Registration enables access to services and content that are only available to registered users. If necessary, registered users have the option of changing or deleting the data specified during registration at any time. On request, we will of course inform you which personal data has been collected and stored. In addition, we will correct or delete the data on request, provided that there are no legal retention requirements. For questions and your request for correction or deletion of the data, please use the contact details mentioned in this data protection declaration. In order for us to be able to provide chargeable services, we ask for additional data. This applies, for example, to payment details. To ensure the security of your data during transmission, we work with encryption methods (such as SSL) over HTTPS, which reflect the current state of the art. a) Comment function If comments or other contributions are written and published on our website, we save the IP address, the user name and the time of creation. This data is collected for security reasons, since the provider can be prosecuted for illegal content (prohibited propaganda, insults, etc.), even if it was created by a third party. In such a case, the information is used to determine the identity of the author. In addition, we use cookies and analysis services when you visit our website. You can find more detailed explanations under section 4 and 5 of this data protection declaration, b) When registering for our newsletter, provided that, in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO have expressly consented, we use your email address to send you our newsletter on a regular basis. An e-mail address is sufficient to receive the newsletter; you can unsubscribe at any time, for example using a link at the end of each newsletter. Alternatively, you can send your unsubscribe request to xxx.de at any time by email. c) When using our contact form If you have any questions, we offer you the opportunity to contact us using the form provided on the website. It is necessary to provide a valid e-mail address so that we know who the request comes from and to be able to answer it. Further information can be provided voluntarily. Data processing for the purpose of contacting us is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a GDPR based on your voluntarily given consent. The personal data collected by us for the use of the contact form will be automatically deleted after your request has been dealt with. 3. Disclosure of data Your personal data will not be passed on to third parties for purposes other than those listed below. We will only pass on your personal data to third parties if: you have given us your information in accordance with Art. a DSGVO have given express consent to this, the transfer according to Art. 6 Para. 1 5.1 lit. f GDPR is required to assert, exercise or defend legal claims and there is no reason to assume that you have an overriding interest worthy of protection in not disclosing your data, in the event that for the transfer pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. c GDPR is a legal obligation, as far as I legally permissible and according to Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. B GDPR is required for the processing of contractual relationships with you. 4. Cookies We use cookies on our website. These are small files that your browser automatically creates and that are stored on your end device (laptop, tablet, smartphone, etc.) when you visit our website. Cookies do not cause any damage to your end device and do not contain viruses, Trojans or other malware. Information is stored in the cookie, which results in connection with the specific device used. However, this does not mean that we are immediately aware of your identity. The use of cookies serves on the one hand to make the use of our offer more pleasant for you. For example, we use so-called session cookies to recognize that you have already visited individual pages on our website. These are automatically deleted after leaving our website. In addition, we also use temporary cookies to optimize user-friendliness, which are stored on your device for a specific period of time. If you visit our site again to use our services, it is automatically recognized that you have already visited us and which entries and settings you have made so that you do not have to enter them again. On the other hand, we use cookies to statistically record the use of our website and to evaluate it for the purpose of optimizing our offer for you (see Section 5) .These cookies enable us to automatically recognize that you again when you visit our website again were already with us. These cookies are automatically deleted after a defined time. The data processed by cookies are for the purposes mentioned to protect our legitimate interests and those of third parties in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR required. Most browsers accept cookies automatically. However, you can configure your browser so that no cookies are stored on your computer or that a message always appears before a new cookie is created. However, the complete deactivation of cookies can mean that you cannot use all functions of our website. 5. Analysis tools Tracking tools The tracking measures listed below and used by us are based on Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR carried out. With the tracking measures used, we want to ensure a needs-based design and the continuous optimization of our website. On the other hand, we use the tracking measures to statistically record the use of our website and to evaluate it for the purpose of optimizing our offer. These interests are to be regarded as legitimate within the meaning of the aforementioned regulation. The respective data processing purposes and data categories can be found in the corresponding tracking tools, a) Google Analytics For the purpose of designing and continuously optimizing our pages, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (https://www.google.de / intl / de / about /) (1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; hereinafter referred to as "Google"). In this context, pseudonymised usage profiles are created and cookies are used. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website Such as browser type / version, operating system used, referrer URL (the previously visited page), host name of the accessing computer (IP address), time of the server question, are transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there Information is used to evaluate the use of the website, to compile reports on website activities and to deal with the W To provide website and internet related services for the purposes of market research and the needs-based design of this website. This information may also be transferred to third parties if this is required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf. Under no circumstances will your IP address be merged with other Google data. The IP addresses are anonymized so that an assignment is not possible (IP masking). You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case not all functions of this website can be used to their full extent. You can also prevent the collection of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing a browser add-on (https: //tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de). As an alternative to the browser add-on, especially for browsers on mobile devices, you can also prevent Google Analytics from collecting data by clicking on this link. An opt-out cookie is set which prevents the future collection of your data when you visit this website. The opt-out cookie is only valid in this browser and only for our website and is stored on your device. If you delete the cookies in this browser, you must set the opt-out cookie again. Further information on data protection in connection with Google Analytics can be found in the Google Analytics help (https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de). b) Google Adwords Conversion Tracking In order to statistically record the use of our website and evaluate it for the purpose of optimizing our website for you, we also use Google Conversion Tracking. Google Adwords places a cookie on your computer if you have reached our website via a Google ad. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used for personal identification. If the user visits certain pages of the Adwords customer's website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and the customer can recognize that the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to this page. Every Adwords customer receives a different cookie. Cookies cannot therefore be tracked via the websites of Adwords customers. The information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for Adwords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. Adwords customers find out the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, you will not receive any information that can be used to personally identify users. If you do not want to participate in the tracking process, you can also refuse the necessary setting of a cookie - for example via a browser setting that generally deactivates the automatic setting of cookies. You can also deactivate cookies for conversion tracking by setting your browser so that cookies from the domain "www.googleadservicescom" are blocked. Google's data protection information on conversion tracking can be found here (https://services.google.com/sitestats/de.html). c) Google AdSense / Google Remarketing Ads from Google AdSense are integrated on this website. Google AdSense is a remarketing function from Google Inc. It allows visitors to this website to be shown interest-based advertisements. Cookies are stored for these purposes. On the other hand, Google AdSense works with so-called web beacons. These are invisible graphics that can be used to evaluate visitor traffic on a website. Google transfers this information to the USA and stores it there on its servers. According to Google, no personal data is stored in this context. Furthermore, the IP address is not merged with other data that you have already saved. However, Google can pass the information on to contractual partners. Users have the option to deactivate the remarketing function. To do this, please make the appropriate settings on the following website: www.google.com/settings/ads. Or go to www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp to prevent cookies from being saved that enable interest-based advertising to be used by the advertising network initiative. Alternatively, the installation of cookies can be prevented via the corresponding setting in the browser - please follow the instructions in the help function of your browser. This may limit the range of functions of the offer. If you use our offer, you consent to Google collecting and processing the data in the manner described. d) Matomo We use the open source software Matomo to analyze and statistically evaluate the use of the website. Cookies are used for this purpose. The information generated by the cookie about website usage is transmitted to our servers and summarized in pseudonymous user profiles. The information is used to evaluate the use of the website and to enable our website to be designed as required. The information will not be passed on to third parties. Under no circumstances will the IP address be associated with other data relating to the user. The IP addresses will be anonymized so that an assignment is not possible (IP masking) if you set a "not tracking" setting in your browser our system will respect that and will not track them. Otherwise your visit to this website is currently recorded by our Matomo web analysis. Click here or enter this address in your browser: (https://www.wwe-media.de/index.php?id=417), so that your visit is no longer recorded. 6. Social media plug-ins We use social plug-ins from the social networks Facebook, Twitter and Instagram on our website based on Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit, fDSGVO in order to make our company better known. The underlying advertising purpose is to be regarded as a legitimate interest within the meaning of the GDPR. Responsibility for data protection-compliant operation must be guaranteed by their respective providers. We integrate these plug-ins using the so-called two-click method in order to best protect visitors to our website. a) Facebook Social media plugins from Facebook are used on our website to make their use more personal, for this we use the "LIKE" or "SHARE" button. It is an offer from Facebook. When you call up a page on our website that contains such a plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is transmitted directly from Facebook to your browser and integrated by it into the website. By integrating the plugins, Facebook receives the information that your browser has accessed the corresponding page of our website, even if you do not have a Facebook account or are currently not logged in to Facebook. This information (including your IP address) is sent from your browser directly to a Facebook server in the USA and stored there. If you are logged in to Facebook, Facebook can directly assign your visit to our website to your Facebook account. If you interact with the plugins, for example by pressing the "LIKE" or "SHARE" button, the corresponding information is also transmitted directly to a Facebook server and stored there. The information is also published on Facebook and displayed to your Facebook friends. Facebook can use this information for the purposes of advertising, market research and the needs-based design of Facebook pages. For this purpose, Facebook creates usage, interest and relationship profiles, e.g. to evaluate your use of our website with regard to the advertisements displayed on Facebook, to inform other Facebook users about your activities on our website and to provide other services related to the use of Facebook. If you do not want Facebook to assign the data collected via our website to your Facebook account, you must log out of Facebook before visiting our website. The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook, as well as your rights and setting options for protecting your privacy, can be found in Facebook's data protection information (https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/). b) Twitter Plugins of the short message network of Twitter Inc, (Twitter) are integrated on our website. You can recognize the Twitter plugins (tweet button) by the Twitter logo on our website. An overview of tweet buttons can be found here (https://about.twitter.com/resources/buttons) If you call up a page on our website that contains such a plugin, there will be a direct connection between your browser and the Twitter server produced. Twitter thus receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click the Twitter "tweet button" while you are logged into your Twitter account, you can link the content of our pages to your Twitter profile. This enables Twitter to associate your visit to our website with your user account. We would like to point out that, as the provider of the website, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or how it is used by Twitter. If you do not want Twitter to be able to attribute your visit to our website, please log out of your Twitter user account. Further information can be found in Twitter's data protection declaration (https://twitter.com/privacy). c) Instagram Our website also uses so-called Instagram social plugins (“Plugins”), which is operated by InstagramLLC., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA (“Instagram”). The plugins are marked with an Instagram logo, for example in the form of an "Instagram camera". When you visit a page of our website that contains such a plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Instagram servers. The content of the plug-in is transmitted from Instagram directly to your browser and integrated into the page.This integration means that Instagram receives the information that your browser has accessed the corresponding page of our website, even if you do not have an Instagram profile or not at Instagram are logged in. This information (including your IP address) is sent from your browser directly to an Instagram server in the USA and stored there. If you are logged into Instagram, Instagram can immediately assign your visit to our website to your Instagram account. If you interact with the plugins, for example by pressing the "Instagram" button, this information is also transmitted directly to an Instagram server and stored there. The information will also be published on your Instagram account and displayed to your contacts there. If you do not want Instagram to directly associate the data collected via our website with your Instagram account, you must log out of Instagram before visiting our website. For more information, please see Instagram's privacy policy (https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388), d) Google+ social plug-in We integrate the Google+ social plug-in (Google plus) on our website at the "+1" sign on a white or colored background. The plug-in is provided by Google Inc. (Google for short, address: 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA). When calling up a website with a Google+ button, a connection to the Google servers is established. Google transmits the content of the button and integrates it on the corresponding website. At the same time, Google receives information about which page has just been accessed. According to Google, personal data is only collected when the Google+ button is clicked. For members of Google+ who are logged in, the following applies: Even without interaction, Google stores and processes at least the IP address. We have no influence on the amount of data stored in this context. Google+ users who are logged into their account can recommend our website by clicking on the "+1" button. In this case, Google not only stores the IP address and the browser, but also the content for which +1 was given and the page. This information is stored in the user's profile and can be displayed together with the profile name and the image of the user in Google services, which also include the search results. Google uses the data, among other things, to optimize its own services. Information on Google's data protection regulations and the setting options for protecting privacy can be found here: www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/. Members of Google Plus who do not want their website to collect and store data from you, should log out of their Google+ account before visiting our website. 7. Data subject rights You have the right: to request information about your personal data processed by us in accordance with Art. 15 GDPR. In particular, you can obtain information about the processing purposes, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been or will be disclosed, the planned storage period, the existence of a right to correction, deletion, restriction of processing or opposition, the existence of a Right to lodge a complaint, the origin of your data, unless it was collected by us, and the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling and, if necessary, meaningful information about its details; in accordance with Art. 16 GDPR, to immediately request the correction of incorrect or incomplete personal data stored by us; According to Art. 17 GDPR, to request the deletion of your personal data stored by us, unless the processing for exercising the right to freedom of expression and information, for fulfilling a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for asserting, exercising or defending legal claims is required; to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data in accordance with Art or need to defend legal claims or you have objected to processing in accordance with Art. Z1 GDPR; in accordance with Art. 20 GDPR to receive your personal data that you have provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to request the transfer to another person responsible; to revoke your consent given to us at any time in accordance with Art. 7 Para. 3 GDPR. As a result, we are no longer allowed to continue processing data based on this consent in the future and to complain to a supervisory authority in accordance with Art. 77 GDPR. As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority at your usual place of residence or work or at our company headquarters. 8. Right to object If your personal data is based on legitimate interests in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR are processed, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in accordance with Art. Z1 GDPR, provided there are reasons for this that arise from your particular situation or the objection is directed against direct advertising. In the latter case, you have a general right to object, which we will implement without specifying a particular situation. If you would like to exercise your right of revocation or objection, an email to us is sufficient. 9. Data security We use the common SSL procedure (Secure Socket Layer) in connection with the highest encryption level, which is supported by your browser. As a rule, this is a 256-bit encryption. If your browser does not support 256-bit encryption, we use 128-bit V3 technology instead. You can tell whether a single page of our website is encrypted by the closed display of the key or lock symbol in the lower status bar of your browser. We also use suitable technical and organizational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, to protect partial or complete loss, destruction or against unauthorized access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments. Up-to-dateness and change of this data protection declaration This data protection declaration is currently valid and has the status of May 2018. Due to the further development of our website and offers above it or due to changed legal or official requirements, it may become necessary to change this data protection declaration. You can call up and print out the current data protection declaration at any time on our website under the immediately accessible "Data protection" link.