STAHLGRUBER GmbH | How to become a customer Company Company profile Company structure Facts & Figures History Brand film Logistics Sales area Memberships Foundation Environmental protection Services How to become a customer Workshop equipment Catalog Workshop equipment Other catalogs Product range Showrooms Safety data sheets Home Services How to become a customer How to become a customer Service that moves! Always mobile with STAHLGRUBER. Find out more »Performance that moves! Always mobile with STAHLGRUBER. Find out more »You can't have everything, you can! Well over 500,000 items for all requirements of the automotive workshop. Find out more »Logistics that inspires! Top logistics from order to delivery. Find out more »Are you still searching or are you already finding one? Always mobile with multimedia information systems. Find out more »Would you like to join a family? Long-lasting investment in workshop equipment and service. Find out more »Don't be yesterday tomorrow! Training and seminars for education and professional know-how. Find out more »Mobility begins in the minds of our employees! Shaping the future with momentum. Find out more »We look forward to seeing you. New customer application Come diventare cliente milano@stahlgruber.it ALWAYS MOBILE WITH STAHLGRUBER Benefit as a commercial customer from our competence and experience - benefit from our size! The key to our extensive range of services is the STAHLGRUBER customer number. Complete the new customer application form (valid only for Germany). The sales consultant responsible for you will contact you shortly. We are happy to advise other interested parties in our STAHLGRUBER sales outlets. Search locations »We take care of your mobility and that of your customers! Customer login Log in with your data to access the customer area. ORDINE ON LINE »How to become a customer © 2020 STAHLGRUBER Srl a S.u. Imprint / General Terms and Conditions UNO SGUARDO VELOCE STAHLGRUBER International autobenex.sk autocora.sk stahlgruber.at stahlgruber.cz stahlgruber.hr stahlgruber.it stahlgruber.si STAHLGRUBER National autoteile-berger.de isst-stahlgruber.de neimcke.de pvautomotive.de stahlgruber-com .de partner ac-autocheck.de asa-verband.de atr.de autocrew.de autopartner-atr.de bosch-service.de gva.de meisterhaft.com Foundation stahlgruber- Gesellschafter-stiftung.de