STAHLGRUBER GmbH | Services Company Company profile Company structure Facts & Figures History Brand film Logistics Sales area Memberships Foundation Environmental protection Services How to become a customer Workshop equipment Catalog Workshop equipment Other catalogs Product range Showrooms Safety data sheets Home Services STAHLGRUBER Services Service that moves! Always mobile with STAHLGRUBER. Find out more »Performance that moves! Always mobile with STAHLGRUBER. Find out more »You can't have everything, you can! Well over 500,000 items for all requirements of the automotive workshop. Find out more »Logistics that inspires! Top logistics from order to delivery. Find out more »Are you still searching or are you already finding one? Always mobile with multimedia information systems. Find out more »Would you like to join a family? Long-lasting investment in workshop equipment and service. Find out more »Don't be yesterday tomorrow! Training and seminars for education and professional know-how. Find out more »Mobility begins in the minds of our employees! Shaping the future with momentum. Find out more »PERFORMANCE IN MOTION Our strengths - are evident in our selected product ranges from leading suppliers in the independent parts market as well as in the innovative strength of our services for workshops and resellers. It is based on a long tradition that has been a success story for 90 years. Convince yourself of our services and become part of our success. How to become a customer »Product range Well over 500,000 articles for all vehicle workshop requirements. »Workshop equipment Long-term investment in workshop equipment and service. »STAHLGRUBER stores always close by. »Other catalogs to choose from» Performance shows Information, inspiration, fascination - the STAHLGRUBER performance shows. »Safety data sheets Safety data sheets for download. »Customer login Log in with your data to access the customer area. ORDINE ON LINE »How to become a customer © 2020 STAHLGRUBER Srl a S.u. Imprint / General Terms and Conditions UNO SGUARDO VELOCE STAHLGRUBER International autobenex.sk autocora.sk stahlgruber.at stahlgruber.cz stahlgruber.hr stahlgruber.it stahlgruber.si STAHLGRUBER National autoteile-berger.de isst-stahlgruber.de neimcke.de pvautomotive.de stahlgruber-com .de partner ac-autocheck.de asa-verband.de atr.de autocrew.de autopartner-atr.de bosch-service.de gva.de meisterhaft.com Foundation stahlgruber- Gesellschafter-stiftung.de