STAHLGRUBER GmbH | Environmental Protection Company Company Profile Company Structure Facts & Figures History Brand Film Logistics Sales Area Memberships Foundation Environmental Protection Services How to Become a Customer Workshop Equipment Catalog Workshop Equipment Other Catalogs Product Range Shows Retailers Safety Data Sheets Home Company Environment Protection This is more important than ever in the age of scarce resources - and already standard at STAHLGRUBER. That is why our company's business idea speaks the language of the times from an ecological perspective. Because: Sustainability, environmental protection and ecology are essential in all business areas of STAHLGRUBER GmbH and have long been an integral part of everyday operations. The STAHLGRUBER logistics center is the central hub for the distribution of goods in the Europe-wide corporate group of STAHLGRUBER GmbH. An important component here is reverse logistics. Central disposal is also organized via this network. At the Sulzbach-Rosenberg site, reusable and sensitive goods are carefully checked and processed in accordance with the applicable guidelines. Of course, this concept integrates consistent waste separation in cooperation with renowned and certified recycling companies. Compliance with and observance of the dangerous goods regulations during storage and transport is standard and is followed up by regular training. In addition, energy saving concepts are continuously being worked on. The use of LED technology is now standard. With a sophisticated logistics chain, STAHLGRUBER actively reduces CO² emissions. The latest technologies in the entire building management significantly reduce energy consumption. And of course we pass on this know-how and inform the companies in the automotive repair industry about the important topic of environmental protection in the context of performance shows, trade fairs and training courses. Conserve resources, protect the environment. That is important to STAHLGRUBER GmbH. Every day. Customer login Log in with your data to access the customer area. ORDINE ON LINE »How to become a customer © 2020 STAHLGRUBER Srl a S.u. Imprint / General Terms and Conditions UNO SGUARDO VELOCE STAHLGRUBER International autobenex.sk autocora.sk stahlgruber.at stahlgruber.cz stahlgruber.hr stahlgruber.it stahlgruber.si STAHLGRUBER National autoteile-berger.de isst-stahlgruber.de neimcke.de pvautomotive.de stahlgruber-com .de partner ac-autocheck.de asa-verband.de atr.de autocrew.de autopartner-atr.de bosch-service.de gva.de meisterhaft.com Foundation stahlgruber- Gesellschafter-stiftung.de