STAHLGRUBER GmbH | Company Profile Company Company Profile Company Structure Facts & Figures History Brand Film Logistics Distribution Area Memberships Foundation Environmental Protection Services How to Become a Customer Workshop Equipment Catalog Workshop Equipment Other Catalogs Product Range Showrooms Safety Data Sheets Home Company Company Profile Company Profile Company Profile Company Structure Facts & Figures History STAHLGRUBER Brand Film THE PHILOSOPHY OF THE STAHLGRUBER BRAND Mobility is the prerequisite today for survival and continuous growth in the modern economic world. Mobility means speed and flexibility, as well as dynamism and innovation. But also quality, performance and continuity in the market-determining factors that make the predictability and reliability of an economic partner for customers and suppliers. Always being mobile - internally as a requirement for our employees and externally as a performance value towards our customers - this has been the hallmark of STAHLGRUBER's philosophy for many decades and is today the maxim of STAHLGRUBER GmbH's commercial activities. Our strengths are evident in our selected product ranges from leading suppliers in the independent parts market as well as in the innovative strength of our services for workshops and resellers. It is based on a long tradition that has been a success story for 90 years. Since the company was founded by the Gruber brothers in 1923, we have repeatedly faced changing market requirements. In the service of our partners. Because the success of our partners is the guarantee for our success and the prerequisite for the continuous development of our company. National and international. Customer login Log in with your data to access the customer area. ORDINE ON LINE »How to become a customer © 2020 STAHLGRUBER Srl a S.u. Imprint / General Terms and Conditions UNO SGUARDO VELOCE STAHLGRUBER International autobenex.sk autocora.sk stahlgruber.at stahlgruber.cz stahlgruber.hr stahlgruber.it stahlgruber.si STAHLGRUBER National autoteile-berger.de isst-stahlgruber.de neimcke.de pvautomotive.de stahlgruber-com .de partner ac-autocheck.de asa-verband.de atr.de autocrew.de autopartner-atr.de bosch-service.de gva.de meisterhaft.com Foundation stahlgruber- Gesellschafter-stiftung.de