STAHLGRUBER GmbH | Dynamism starts from the mind of our collaborators. Company Company profile Company structure Numbers & facts History Film Logistics Distribution area Memberships Foundation Environmental protection Services How to become a customer Workshop equipment Equipment catalog Other catalogs Product program Fairs Branches Safety data sheets Home Dynamism starts from the mind of our collaborators . STAHLGRUBER Srl to S.u. Do you want to grow together? Long-lasting investments in workshop and service equipment. Read more »Want to grow together? Long-lasting investments in workshop and service equipment. Read more »You can't have everything, but you can! More than 500,000 products to satisfy all workshop requests. Find out more »Logistics, what a passion! Top logistics, from order to delivery. Read more »Are you still looking for or have you already found it? Always be dynamic with multimedia information systems. Moving performance! Always dynamic with STAHLGRUBER Read more »WELCOME TO STAHLGRUBER We secure the dynamism of our customers quickly, efficiently and at competitive prices - with original branded parts and accessories for various types of vehicles, with a focus on the car and light commercial vehicles. Our program meets all the needs for the workshop and spare parts dealers. Overview of various services »Company Find out more about STAHLGRUBER» Services A complete view of STAHLGRUBER »Company profile Distribution area Memberships Foundation Environmental protection Product program Workshop equipment Other catalogs Fairs Branches Safety data sheets Customer login Welcome to your on-line catalog ORDER ON LINE »How to become a customer © 2020 STAHLGRUBER Srl in Su Company Data / Privacy A FAST LOOK STAHLGRUBER International autobenex.sk autocora.sk stahlgruber.at stahlgruber.cz stahlgruber.hr stahlgruber.it stahlgruber.si STAHLGRUBER National autoteile-berger.de isst-stahlgruber.de neimcke.de stavautomotive.de com.de Partner ac-autocheck.de asa-verband.de atr.de autocrew.de autopartner-atr.de bosch-service.de gva.de meisterhaft.com stahlgruber-gesellschafter-stiftung.de foundation