STAHLGRUBER GmbH | Product program Company Company profile Company structure Facts & Figures History Brand film Logistics Sales area Memberships Foundation Environmental protection Services How to become a customer Workshop equipment Catalog Workshop equipment Other catalogs Product range Showrooms Safety data sheets Home Services Product range PRODUCT PROGRAM You can't have everything, you already can! Well over 500,000 items for all requirements of the automotive workshop. STAHLGRUBER product range brakes and chassis electrics and electronics bodywork, lighting, paint and paint by-products engine and exhaust technology, thermal systems Fit for tire service workshop equipment and quality tools For economical car repair, the workshop expects spare parts in OE quality and, if necessary, also for timely repairs. With more than 500,000 items, the STAHLGRUBER range meets all the requirements of the automotive workshop in order to ensure customer mobility quickly, efficiently and cost-effectively. We offer original branded parts and accessories for a wide variety of vehicle types with a focus on passenger cars and light commercial vehicles. And this at a fair market price with a wide and deep range. An optimized flow of goods with delivery from a powerful logistics center overnight enables top delivery capability, which has been on average for more than 97% of the entire range for years. Our strong partners. »Customer login Log in with your data to access the customer area. ORDINE ON LINE »How to become a customer © 2020 STAHLGRUBER Srl a S.u. Imprint / General Terms and Conditions UNO SGUARDO VELOCE STAHLGRUBER International autobenex.sk autocora.sk stahlgruber.at stahlgruber.cz stahlgruber.hr stahlgruber.it stahlgruber.si STAHLGRUBER National autoteile-berger.de isst-stahlgruber.de neimcke.de pvautomotive.de stahlgruber-com .de partner ac-autocheck.de asa-verband.de atr.de autocrew.de autopartner-atr.de bosch-service.de gva.de meisterhaft.com Foundation stahlgruber- Gesellschafter-stiftung.de