STAHLGRUBER GmbH | Logistics Company Company Profile Company Structure Facts & Figures History Brand Film Logistics Sales Area Memberships Foundation Environmental Protection Services How to Become a Customer Workshop Equipment Catalog Workshop Equipment Other Catalogs Product Range Showrooms Safety Data Sheets Home Company Logistics Logistics Logistics that inspires! Top logistics from order to delivery. Logistics that inspires! Top logistics from order to delivery. Logistics center location Sulzbach-Rosenberg storage spaces 462,200 picking services up to 100,000 items per day plot of land 107,000 m² used space including open space 102,000 m² built-up area 48,200 m² construction volume 804,920 m³ impressions »Logistics in its overall function to optimize the order-related information and goods flows and the associated costs and the defined quality of the processes from supplier to customer has been an outstanding factor in STAHLGRUBER's core competencies for years. FLEXIBLE SUPPLY OF GOODS FROM THE SUPPLIER TO THE CUSTOMER Delivery reliability and flexibility in processing have top priority. The stores and customers can order until 6 p.m. daily and receive the goods several times a day or overnight, as required. The workshop customer thus enjoys a need-based supply of goods without own costly and space-intensive warehousing. LOGISTICS CENTER SULZBACH-ROSENBERG A container concept integrates everyone involved in the cycle "supplier - logistics center - sales house". The central disposition system optimized and developed by STAHLGRUBER controls and coordinates the movement of goods in the logistics center and takes over the communication via dedicated line for the logistics center and all sales outlets in Germany and abroad. In the 462,200 storage spaces of the logistics center, including 50,000 pallet spaces with 22 storage and retrieval machines and 165,000 spaces in the automatic small parts warehouse with 18 storage and retrieval machines, more than 185,000 different items are stocked with daily picking performance of up to 100,000 items. A handling system with a total length of 7.2 kilometers supports the handling. TOP LOGISTICS FROM ORDER TO DELIVERY The STAHLGRUBER logistics chain ensures our partners an optimal supply of goods. Every order - whether online via the STAkis customer information system or directly on site at the STAHLGRUBER sales outlet - is processed quickly and reliably. The ordered goods reach the customer from the central logistics center - either via the sales outlet or directly - at the latest within 24 hours. Customer login Log in with your data to access the customer area. ORDINE ON LINE »How to become a customer © 2020 STAHLGRUBER Srl a S.u. Imprint / General Terms and Conditions UNO SGUARDO VELOCE STAHLGRUBER International autobenex.sk autocora.sk stahlgruber.at stahlgruber.cz stahlgruber.hr stahlgruber.it stahlgruber.si STAHLGRUBER National autoteile-berger.de isst-stahlgruber.de neimcke.de pvautomotive.de stahlgruber-com .de partner ac-autocheck.de asa-verband.de atr.de autocrew.de autopartner-atr.de bosch-service.de gva.de meisterhaft.com Foundation stahlgruber- Gesellschafter-stiftung.de