STAHLGRUBER GmbH | Company Profile History Company Company Profile Company Structure Facts & Figures History Brand Film Logistics Sales Territory Memberships Foundation Environmental Protection Services How to Become a Customer Workshop Equipment Catalog Workshop Equipment Other Catalogs Product Range Showrooms Safety Data Sheets Home Company Company Profile History History Chronicle 1923 Company Foundation 1935 Limited Partnership Otto Gruber & Co. is founded 1966 Company founder Willy Gruber dies 1969 Company founder Otto Gruber dies 1995 Commissioning of the logistics center in Sulzbach-Rosenberg 2002 Relocation of the STAHLGRUBER headquarters from Munich to Poing 2007 Legal independence of the two business areas, trade and TIP TOP. Foundation of REMA TIP TOP GmbH and STAHLGRUBER GmbH 2008 Foundation of STAHLGRUBER Otto Gruber AG »Impressions» THE FLOOR OF OUR FUTURE IS THE PAST Wilhelminian style: In 1923 the brothers Otto and Willy Gruber founded a joint company. Under the name Otto Gruber & Co, screws and small metal parts were initially traded, but soon sales of compressors and lifting platforms began. From the "StahlGruber" brothers to the STAHLGRUBER company: the later name STAHLGRUBER goes back to the 1920s. Iron is increasingly being replaced by the modern material steel. Steel screws are included in the Gruber brothers' trading program. The vernacular soon speaks only of "StahlGruber", and this is finally adopted and retained as the company name. With the advancing motorization, the customer base also expands. New auto repair shops are opening everywhere. Even then, the company developed into the leading specialist wholesaler for car accessories, tools and workshop equipment. Breakthrough: the Grubers discover a real gap in the market when they visit a volcanic surgeon. Tire repair material has so far been laboriously cut from used tires by hand. There is no offer on the market. In 1937 they decided to produce tube patches, and from 1938 also to produce cuffs and tire plasters. The breakthrough came shortly after the end of the war with the development of a cold vulcanizing material, which for the first time enables a temperature-resistant hose repair. A brand name emerges: During an experiment, Willy Gruber said: "These things are tip top." The name TIP TOP was thus found for an idea whose product range and application areas were constantly expanding and led to the conquest of the world market in this area. Structure: In the post-war period things are steadily increasing. In addition to the Fürstenzell (Passau) plant, a second production facility was built in Poing (Munich) in 1954. The demand is great. The first foreign agencies are opened, production is in full swing. The trading program with automotive parts, accessories, tools and workshop requirements is continuously expanded. Services and international engagement are also increasing steadily. Legacy: Willy Gruber dies in 1966. After his death in 1969, Otto Gruber bequeathed the company to a number of long-standing, proven employees. They founded STAHLGRUBER Otto Gruber GmbH & Co. The STAHLGRUBER Foundation was established by the Brothers Gruber in their wills. Today, it is the largest monetary foundation under the administration of the city of Munich for the purpose of training young people in the automotive and vulcanization trades. The foundation and the company are still independent. Further development: In 2007, the legal independence of the two business areas of trade and TIP TOP was completed with the founding of REMA TIP TOP GmbH and STAHLGRUBER GmbH. In 2008, STAHLGRUBER Otto Gruber AG was founded as a financial and management holding company for the companies in the STAHLGRUBER Group. Find out more »Customer login Log in with your data to access the customer area. ORDINE ON LINE »How to become a customer © 2020 STAHLGRUBER Srl a S.u. Imprint / General Terms and Conditions UNO SGUARDO VELOCE STAHLGRUBER International autobenex.sk autocora.sk stahlgruber.at stahlgruber.cz stahlgruber.hr stahlgruber.it stahlgruber.si STAHLGRUBER National autoteile-berger.de isst-stahlgruber.de neimcke.de pvautomotive.de stahlgruber-com .de partner ac-autocheck.de asa-verband.de atr.de autocrew.de autopartner-atr.de bosch-service.de gva.de meisterhaft.com Foundation stahlgruber- Gesellschafter-stiftung.de