STAHLGRUBER GmbH | Company data / Privacy Company Company profile Company structure Numbers & facts History Film Logistics Distribution area Memberships Foundation Environmental protection Services How to become a customer Workshop equipment Equipment catalog Other catalogs Product program Fairs Branches Safety data sheets Home Company data / Privacy Company Data / Privacy COMPANY DATA milano@stahlgruber.it www.stahlgruber.it +39 02 66067070 Fax: +39 0261298643 STAHLGRUBER Srl a Su Centrale Via T.Signorini, 2/4 20092 Cinisello B.mo (Mi) Companies Register MI R.E.A. MI 1883881 C.F. and VAT 06309000963 Locations Italy »All rights reserved. The acquisition of data and content for the use of internet and online services, as well as data printed on paper or on disc such as CD-ROM-DVD etc. it is allowed only after prior written consent of the publisher. Errors and omissions excepted. PRIVACY The data you provide will be used exclusively for the sending of the request, will not be transferred to third parties, according to law 665/669 "Privacy": pursuant to articles 10 and 13 of law no. 675 of 31.12.1996 and subsequent amendments, concerning the processing of personal data. The use takes place exclusively to fulfill mutual contractual obligations, as well as for promotional purposes of the user's activity. The user is authorized to examine, modify the data, to request their cancellation or to oppose their use, without prejudice to existing contractual obligations. Privacy COPYRIGHT INFORMATION STAHLGRUBER, REMA TIP TOP and TIP TOP as well as the logos STAHLGRUBER, REMA TIP TOP and TIP TOP are registered trademarks in many countries for the STAHLGRUBER companies Otto Grüber AG. These trademarks are protected in favor of STAHLGRUBER Otto Gruber AG. Other products and company names mentioned are registered trademarks corresponding to the company they belong to. Indications of the sources for the images and graphics used: www.fotolia.de © AllebaziB / Fotolia.com, © Yuri Arcurs / Fotolia.com, © olly / Fotolia.com, © pressmaster / Fotolia.com, © Phototom / Fotolia.com , © Paylessimages / Fotolia.com, © AllebaziB / Fotolia.com, © Sdmix / Fotolia.com, © alphaspirit / Fotolia.com, © Karin & Uwe Annas / Fotolia.com, © bloomua / Fotolia.com, © styleuneed / Fotolia .com, © Tomasz / Fotolia.com, © Olaru Radian / Fotolia.com, © Torbz / Fotolia.com, © Lucian H Milasan / Fotolia.com, © Michael Flippo / Fotolia.com, © BeTa-Artworks / Fotolia.com , © Uwe Annas / Fotolia.com, © Sergey Nivens / Fotolia.com, © typomaniac / Fotolia.com, © vege / Fotolia.com, © heike114 / Fotolia.com, © Minerva Studio / Fotolia.com, © carloscastilla / Fotolia .com RESPONSIBILITY Content of the online offer: we are constantly committed to making correct and complete information available on this website. However, we take no responsibility and offer no guarantees regarding the topicality, correctness and completeness of the information. Indications and links: despite careful control of the contents, we do not assume any responsibility for the contents of external links. The operators of the linked pages are solely responsible for the content of the linked pages. Customer login Welcome to your online catalog ORDER ON LINE »How to become a customer © 2020 STAHLGRUBER Srl a S.u. Company Data / Privacy A FAST LOOK STAHLGRUBER International autobenex.sk autocora.sk stahlgruber.at stahlgruber.cz stahlgruber.hr stahlgruber.it stahlgruber.si STAHLGRUBER National autoteile-berger.de isst-stahlgruber.de neimcke.de stavautomotive.de com.de Partner ac-autocheck.de asa-verband.de atr.de autocrew.de autopartner-atr.de bosch-service.de gva.de meisterhaft.com stahlgruber-gesellschafter-stiftung.de foundation