Motorrad Frank Metzen Bochum Your cross-brand master motorcycle workshop »Repair service ..» Inspection .. »Expert opinion (Dekra) ..» General inspection .. »Tire service ..» Pick-up service .. »Cost estimates ..» Other .. »Contact ..» Imprint .. Opening times Mon-Fri 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. Tel .: 0234-89389347 .. Imprint Owner: Frank Metzen Harpener Feld 9 44805 Bochum Tel. 0234-89389347 Sales tax identification number acc. § 27a sales tax law DE 240404056 The place of jurisdiction for all disputes is exclusively the business location of Motorrad Metzen. The law of the Federal Republic of Germany. Disclaimer Liability for content The content of our website was created with great care. However, we cannot guarantee that the content is correct, complete and up to date. As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages in accordance with general laws in accordance with Section 7 (1) TMG. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, we as a service provider are not obliged to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the time we become aware of a specific legal violation. If we become aware of any such violations, we will remove this content immediately. Liability for links Our offer may contain links to external third-party websites, the content of which we have no influence over. For this reason, we cannot accept any liability for this external content. The respective provider or operator is always responsible for the content of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time the link was created. No illegal content was discernible at the time the link was created. A permanent control of the content of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of an infringement. If we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately. Copyright The content and works on these pages created by the site operator are subject to German copyright law. Third party contributions are marked as such. The duplication, processing, distribution and any kind of use outside the limits of copyright law require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of this page are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. The site operators endeavor to always observe the copyrights of others or to use self-created and license-free works. Data protection Insofar as personal data (e.g. name, address or email address) is collected on our website, this is always done on a voluntary basis as far as possible. As far as possible, the offers and services can always be used without providing personal data. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from access by third parties. We hereby expressly object to the use by third parties of contact data published within the scope of the imprint obligation for sending unsolicited advertising and information material. The site operators reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited promotional information, such as spam e-mails.