This site allows the use of our and third-party cookies, in order to ensure the user a better experience on our website and to make communications and interactions in line with your preferences. If you click on the "Accept" button, or interact with the site by clicking on a link or button, you consent to the use of cookies. By clicking on More information you can consult our complete policy. More information I ACCEPT HOME SEARCH FOR A WORKSHOP ENTER THE NETWORK ABOUT US PROMO FAQ CONTACT US NEWS PROFESSIONAL AREA Do you want to guarantee a long life for your car? Carry out the service The service is a periodic inspection of the parts of your car that are most subject to wear and tear which allows you to maintain high levels of safety, efficiency and driving comfort. They are a series of tailor-made maintenance operations that allow you to extend the life of your machine and the cost depends mainly on the number of components to be replaced, the number of kilometers traveled and the type of use of the car. It is therefore of fundamental importance respect the maintenance intervals indicated by the manufacturer: • 15,000 km Petrol * • 30,000 km Diesel * • Every 2 years Why? Inside the engines of each car there are oils and lubricating liquids whose duration is strictly connected to precise mileage / time intervals. In addition to these components, there are others which are subject to severe wear and which require periodic checks : tires, braking system, filters etc ... Therefore, neglecting routine maintenance today can lead to much higher costs in the future. Asso Service offers you all the experience and professionalism of its partner workshops with original spare parts available and / or equivalents that will allow you not to void your official manufacturer's insured warranty.The Asso Service workshops offer an intervention equivalent to any workshop belonging to the official network of your car, but at a lower cost. * The intervals may vary based on to the manufacturer CONTACT US NAME * SURNAME * EMAIL * TELEPHONE * LOCATION * I want subscribe to the newsletter I accept the privacy conditions I accept the privacy terms info@assoservice.net 02 33007196 HOME PAGE SEARCH A WORKSHOP ENTER THE NETWORK ABOUT US PROMO FAQ CONTACT US NEWS PROFESSIONAL AREA ASSO SERVICE Asso Service is an initiative of the Asso Ricambi Consortium / Via Santa Rita da Cascia 33, 20143 Milan / www.assoricambi.it Cookies Policy / Privacy Policy