Guest book The museum repair sale About us Contact Press reviews Follow-up visitors International guest book Links Home »Guest book First name * Last name e-mail * Your entry in the guest book * Security code repeat security code * Efes Club Dear Agnes dear Gerhard, the beginning of our annual motorcycle tour couldn't get any better be than with you. It was just great to walk through his collection with Gerhard and hear his story for every part. A very special thank you to you !! ......... and we will be back Andreas, Frank and Achim family MaiwaldLiebe family Weller! It was really a great experience to marvel at your lovingly collected collection. There was something to discover for all ages - after all, as part of our family outing, the Maiwald family from Bergneustadt, we were people between the ages of 2 and 83 - and everyone was thrilled! Your museum is really worth seeing and the food (waffles, cakes, coffee) are delicious. Nobody should miss out on all this, coupled with friendly service and expert explanations! Yours sincerely, Frauke Dietz b. MaiwaldZimmermann ... were there very early this morning (14.01.18) and I can only say: super great collection and very well explained. Thank you for that .... will definitely come again .... Many greetings Jürgen u. SylviaJoachim Löwund family 28.12.2017 Dear Wellers, together as a family we had a great time in the Westerwald. A visit to their beautiful museum on Christmas Eve was a very special experience for everyone who came along. From our grandfather Gerhard Löw with his 88 years to my daughter Anna Lotta Löw - 19 years - everyone liked it very much. And that, apart from me, hardly anyone is interested in motorcycles. There was something for everyone to discover, to ask, to remember, to laugh! Those who were there would like to come back again. And those who did not come with us were made really curious by our descriptions. We all have great respect for the great reading that they have provided with the collection for decades! Thank you for the warm welcome! We wish them and everyone who is dear to them all the best for the coming year, especially health and happiness, and we firmly believe that they will see some of us again in 2018 and afterwards. RGWW scooter community Westerwald 11.06.2017 Dear Agnes and Gerhard, we would like to take this opportunity to thank you again for your efforts! You made our scooter meeting in the Westerwald an unforgettable day for our guests! Reich "absolutely thrilled and would like to visit again !! RGWW Bea & Frank Susi & Dirk & MartinBabs Wirtz 09.05.2017 Dear family Weller, we enjoyed your visit to your museum, workshop and cafe and thank you very much leeve Jrooß uss KölleMX-5 Club Blue SkyLars 04/27/2017 The visit was great. We can only recommend the museum to every biker. best regards from dad of the http://kinderspielengerne.de family: eek: age and honor department of the fire department VG Asbach 06.08.2016 Dear Agnes, dear Gerd, we spent wonderful and interesting hours with you in our group. Thank you very much also to Joachim Weger.EuerSiegfried [b] Heinz Kugler 03.03.2016If you love motorcycles and are related to history, there is no way around the Westerwelle Museum. The icing on the cake is that you come across two wonderful people who are really slowing down in today's fast-paced world. Thank you Agnes and Gerhard for the warm hospitality and the fine discussions. :) Maik Ecker 09.09.2015Hello family Weller, on 09.09.2015 we made a trip from Koblenz to your wonderful museum from the biker revolution "Stammtisch Rheinland-Pfalz". It was pure experience, each of our members was delighted with the atmosphere of the museum, which was built with love and kept in top condition. All of this and of course the delicious waffles from Ms. Weller enabled us to have a wonderful day full of experiences. I would like to thank you on behalf of all participants. GrußMaik EckerAdmin Biker Revolutioningrid and karl-dieter stahlhofen 01.08.2015hui wäller? -Allemol! Hui WELLER? - allemol! Anytime gladly again. Just great the 2 wäller weller.:)karl-dieter stahlhofen 01.08.2015 immerse yourself in the good old days. Here it is possible. In addition to motorcycles, a huge selection of memorabilia from life in the Westerwald. again and again sooo nice! we also come back for the Xth time. and friendly they the two operators all ... :) Motorbike friends 09.07.2015Hallöchen, The motorbike friends were guests on 21.06.15. We felt very comfortable with you and were thrilled with what the museum had to offer. Greetings from the motorcycle friends NRWMarkus Knoblauch 06/16/2015 Hello family Weller, I was with you a few weeks ago and was of course thrilled as a gifted BMW driver. So excited that I am already planning a tour with friends and will definitely include you! The flexibility you show is exemplary too, just conjuring up a meal for 12-14 biker men! In my view, this can only be done by people who are open to everything and take life as it comes:) Franz Porwich 17.05.2015Hello family Weller.Have a short break with you today, and as always was fun.Greet FranzGerda & Gerd 11.05.2015After we have visited the treasury of Agnes and Gerhard a few times and still discovered something new, we are happy to come back, also as a meeting point after a motorcycle tour. Then let us spoil you with a cup of coffee and or a piece of cake from Agnes.Norbert 04/02/2015 Hello, congratulations to the new website! Come back again and again, even if it's just for a delicious piece of cake with coffee. The museum is always one Worth a visit. The members of the Boldorboard are always speechless about the variety and accommodation of the motorcycles and a visit to the workshop makes every screwdriver's heart jealous