Zweiradcenter-Lehnen company Lehnen und Co GmbHNeunkircherstr. 75a66583 Spiesen-ElversbergTel. 06821-7512 Fax 06821-7621email: lehn@aol.comhttp: www.zweiradcenter-lehn.de Managing Director: K. KolzHR 1510 District Court NeunkichenUST.Nr. DE138015202Opening times: Mon-Fri. 7.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sat. 07.30 a.m. to 12.00 p.m. Bank details: Sparkasse NeunkirchenIBAN DE83 5925 2046 0035 0011 27BIC SALADE51NKS1. Content and changes to the website The Zweiradcenter-Lehnen company assumes no liability for the topicality, correctness and completeness of the information provided on its website. However, the Zweiradcenter-Lehnen company endeavors to keep the information and data on its website up to date and correct. The Zweiradcenter-Lehnen company is not liable for material or immaterial damage caused to the user by using the Zweiradcenter-Lehnen company website. An exception to this is the demonstrably willful or grossly negligent fault of the Zweiradcenter-Lehnen company. The Zweiradcenter-Lehnen company reserves the right to change, supplement or delete its Internet presentation in whole or in part without separate announcement or to temporarily or permanently cease publication. All offers are non-binding. Liability for the content of external websites The Zweiradcenter-Lehnen company is responsible for its own content, which it makes available for use, in accordance with the relevant laws. The cross-references marked as "Link" enable access to external content. The liability of the company Zweiradcenter-Lehnen for the content of external websites is excluded, provided that these are outside the area of ​​responsibility of the company Zweiradcenter-Lehnen and it is technically impossible or unreasonable to prevent the use of illegal content. The Zweiradcenter-Lehnen company did not and was not aware of any illegal link content when it created its website. In the event that link content was changed after the link was set, the Zweiradcenter-Lehnen company is now dissociating itself from its content, provided that Emil Henning GmbH cannot influence the content and design. The operator of the respective site is solely liable for damage resulting from the use of third-party Internet content. As soon as the company Zweiradcenter-Lehnen ascertains or is advised by others that a specific offer to which it has provided a link triggers civil or criminal liability, it will immediately remove the reference to this offer, insofar as it is technically appropriate This disclaimer applies to all links and references set within our own website. 3. Liability of acts of partner companies The company Zweiradcenter-Lehnen is also not liable for acts of partner companies. The Zweiradcenter-Lehnen company does not guarantee the availability or freedom from interference of the services offered at www.Zweiradcenter-Lehn.de. The Zweiradcenter-Lehnen company also assumes no responsibility or liability for the fact that the partner companies and the services offered comply with the legal regulations. which we send to you upon request or upon confirmation of contract - or conclusion. The liability of the Zweiradcenter-Lehnen company according to the Product Liability Act and other mandatory statutory provisions remains unaffected by the above limitations of liability. The liability of Zweiradcenter-Lehnen is excluded. 4. Copyright The design of the Zweiradcenter-Lehnen website was carried out using its own and license-free image elements and text documents. When using publications and publications by third parties, Zweiradcenter-Lehnen protects their copyrights and property rights. The provisions of the applicable copyright and trademark law apply. All contents of the website are subject to this, provided that they are protected by trademark or trademark law. The use alone does not allow the conclusion that trademarks are not protected by the rights of third parties! The copyright for objects created by the company Zweiradcenter Lehnen remains with them alone. Reproduction, reproduction or use in other electronic or printed publications is not permitted without express consent. This does not apply to the text and images explicitly offered for further distribution in the “Press News” chapter (if available). 5. Applicable law and place of jurisdiction By accessing this website you agree that, as far as possible under German law, the place of jurisdiction for any disputes arising directly or indirectly from this website is Neunkirchen. For all contacts with other websites to which you can access via hyperlink, only the law specified in the conditions of the corresponding website applies. 6. Severability clause This disclaimer is part of the website of the Zweiradcenter-Lehnen company. If parts or individual formulations of this text do not, no longer or do not completely correspond to the applicable legal situation, the remaining parts of the document remain unaffected in their content and validity. 7. 7.1) The Zweiradcenter-Lehnen company collects and processes the data you provide. Insofar as it concerns personal data that we store to maintain the mutual business relationship, Zweiradcenter-Lehnen observes the obligations of the Federal Data Protection Act. Each time a user accesses the Zweiradcenter-Lehnen website and each time a file is called up, data can be saved in a log file. The storage is only used for internal system-related or statistical purposes. In detail, each record of the call is saved: - Name of the person called - Date and time of the call, order and price - shipping confirmation 7.2) The information provided by users as part of entries or registrations (online shop) is stored in the user's consent anonymized form evaluated for statistical purposes of the operator. A comparison with other databases or even a transfer to third parties, including excerpts, does not take place. After the annual access has been evaluated, the logged data is deleted. 7.3) The operator's employees are obliged to maintain confidentiality about personal data. This data will only be passed on to third parties if this is necessary for the fulfillment of the contract. Such third parties are also obliged by the operator through agreements to observe the data protection of the users. 7.4) All data located on this website that is located on our servers and is "hosted" there (ie kept) are protected against unauthorized access by suitable security systems secured. 7.5) If you leave our website, for example by clicking on a partner link or banner and get to other websites, the addressees of the clicked target page may set so-called cookies. We are not legally responsible for them. For the use of such cookies and the information stored on them by our partners, please compare their privacy policies. Notice of liability: Despite careful control of the content, we assume no liability for the content of external links. The operators of the linked pages are solely responsible for the content of their pages. 7.6) Our data protection declarations are not valid for websites of other providers accessed via links. Upon request, Zweiradcenter-Lehnen will inform you as soon as possible in writing and in accordance with the applicable law, if and if so, what personal data about you we have stored. If, despite our efforts to ensure that the data is correct and up-to-date, incorrect information is stored, we will correct it at your request. Of course, we will also immediately comply with your request for deletion of your data. 8. CookiesThe Zweiradcenter-Lehnen company uses cookies to track visitor preferences and to optimize the design of the website accordingly. Cookies are small files that are temporarily stored on your hard drive. Cookies make it possible to identify your computer, but not to relate it to a person. You can also view our websites without cookies. Most browsers accept cookies automatically. You can prevent cookies from being saved on your hard drive by selecting "do not accept cookies" in your browser settings. How this works in detail can be found in the instructions of your browser manufacturer. You can also delete the cookie in your system folder at any time. If you do not accept cookies, the functionality of our offers may be restricted.