Garage Brecey Online services Make an online quote Make an appointment Our brand Our promotions Our news Our services Our range of parts Contact us Maintenance Repairs All brands Our brand Our promotions Our news Our services Our range of parts Contact us OUR NEWS CONTACT EUROREPAR CAR SERVICE Find us on Our garagesGarage Brecey Back to results Share GARAGE LEBEDEL - BRECEY Your overall satisfaction See the reviews (6) Quality of reception Quality of advice Respect of commitments (deadlines, prices…) Your overall satisfaction Quality of the reception Quality of advice Respect of commitments (deadlines, prices, etc.) See the EUROREPAR Car Service reviews: trust is all about maintenance! Your overall satisfaction Quality of reception Quality of advice Compliance with commitments (deadlines, prices, etc.) See the opinions 48 RUE DU VAL DE SÉE 50370 BRECEY Telephone: 02 33 48 72 49 See the telephone number Contact the garage by email Contact the garage by email Opening hours Monday to Friday: 8:30 a.m. to 12 p.m. and 2 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. Saturday: 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. Opening hours Monday to Friday: 8:30 a.m. to 12 p.m. and 2 to 6:30 p.m. Saturday: 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. EUROREPAR Car Service : confidence is nurtured! Opening hours Monday to Friday: 8:30 a.m. to 12 p.m. and 2 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. Saturday: 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. Opening hours Monday to Friday: 8:30 a.m. to 12 p.m. and 2 to 6:30 p.m. Saturday: 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. Your overall satisfaction (6) Quality of reception Quality of advice Respect of commitments (deadlines, prices, etc.) Your overall satisfaction Quality of reception Quality of advice Respect of commitments (deadlines, prices, etc.) See the opinions EUROREPAR Car Service: confidence, that is maintained! Your overall satisfaction Quality of reception Quality of advice Respect of commitments (deadlines, prices, etc.) See the reviews Get there Make an online quote Make an appointment Rate this garage Rate this garage Make an online quote Take a Appointment Rate this garage Rate this garage Services Battery Air conditioning Exhaust Braking Distribution kit Mechanics Tires Technical pre-inspection Overhaul Suspension Drain Visibility Services Courtesy vehicle Customer reviews Leave a review Leave a review engine oil change - April 18, 2016 Towards your gardens P : appointment and quality of work respect Read the full maintenance and tires notice - March 18, 2016 CHRIS. : serious staff, meeting deadlines more I recover my vehicle after an exterior wash, well done, I recommend this garage. Read the full lighting notice (spark plugs) - February 17, 2016 JEAN-PIERRE C: For 2 years this garage has been servicing my vehicle (moving house), which is always advisable, giving you the choice to finalize the repair. very friendly and courteous. The deadline always respected. Total confidence in the staff of this ... Read the full review engine start problems - February 8, 2013 Ludwig Z: Excellent welcome from the staff. We explain clearly and simply the origin and the problems that the failure caused and the reason for the change of certain parts. Deadlines respected. Nothing negative to say. Very satisfied with the services. Read the full review HAND BRAKE AND DOOR OPENING REPAIR - January 26, 2013 ALAIN G: As part of my car assistance, my vehicle was taken care of by MOTAQUIP Brécey. The very short deadlines which I had were respected, the repairs initially planned were carried out with prior telephone information, etc ... In short, nothing to ... Read the full review 1 2 Leave a review Our offers Conditions of sale Offer Conditions of the Tires offer: the essential link not to be overlooked Conditions of the Tires offer: the essential link not to be overlooked Conditions of the offer Strict checking of essential points and replacement of wearing parts according to the manufacturer's recommendations. Conditions of the offer An element of comfort and security, winter and summer! Conditions of the offer Effective braking for perfect control of your vehicle Conditions of the Tires offer: the essential link not to be overlooked Conditions of the offer Change or repair? For each problem there is a solution. Conditions of the offer Conditions of the offer Do not change, repair! Conditions of the offer Do not change any more, repair! GARAGE LEBEDEL Make an online quote Make an appointment Rate this garage Rate this garage Back to results Integrate the network Contact EUROREPAR Our services Oil Change Oil Change Overhaul Tires Tires Brakes Braking Air conditioning Air conditioning Battery Battery Visibility Visibility Repair navigation and car radio Repair navigation and car radio Exhaust Exhaust Distribution kit Distribution kit Suspension Suspension Technical pre-control Technical pre-control Mechanical Mechanical Windshield Windshield Our services Washing Washes Courtesy vehicle Courtesy vehicle Find a repairer Our garages About EUROREPAR Car Service Our brand Our commitments Our news Online quote Customer service Copyright © 2020 Eurorepar Car Service Legal notice Terms of use Site map Manage my cookie preferences