Lüdemann & Zankel Group - Imprint In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can get more information about cookies in our data protection declaration. Got it Home New L&Z Express cars - immediately available Twingo Captur Clio Kadjar Koleos Megane 5-door Megane Grandtour Scenic Campaign vehicles Campaign vehicles Trucks Campaign vehicles Passenger car participation Renault model range Dacia model range Dacia thank you bonus Used car advice online Hygiene rules Electric Mobility Commercial Customers Renault Trafic Renault Master Reference Vehicles LZ Rent Motorhomes Rent Service & Accessories Services Vehicle Conversion LZ Parts Contact About Us Locations Contact Form Career / Training Lüdemann & Zankel Group - Imprint Lüdemann & Zankel AG Porschering 14 24568 Kaltenkirchen Phone: +49 (0) 4191-93000 Fax: +49 (0) 4191-9300848 Commercial register number: district court Kiel, HRB 4876 No Commercial register and register court: Kiel sales tax identification number (according to §27a sales tax law): DE222276694 authorized representative: Sibylle Hauth, Jörn Lüdemann, Hans-Werner Hauth Email: info@lz.ag All rights reserved. Texts, images, graphics, sound, animations and videos are protected by copyright and other protective laws. The content of this website may not be distributed for commercial purposes or made accessible to third parties. Errors and changes excepted. If we have created links to other pages on the Internet on these pages, we have no influence on any links. We therefore hereby expressly distance ourselves from all content on the linked sites. This declaration applies to all links on this page and to all contents of the pages to which banners may lead. http://bwsolution.de/carliner-crm/ The data we collect is only used to process your questions or to send you requested information. It will not be passed on to third parties. We hereby expressly object to the use by third parties of contact data published within the scope of the imprint obligation for sending unsolicited advertising and information material. The site operators reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited promotional information, such as spam e-mails. Consumer information according to Regulation (EU) No. 524/2013: As part of the regulation on online dispute resolution in consumer affairs, an online dispute resolution platform of the EU Commission is available at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/. You have the option of using this platform to resolve your disputes. Our e-mail address is: info@lz.ag Liability for content The articles available on the website serve only for general information and not for advice in specific cases. We strive to ensure the accuracy and timeliness of all information and data contained on the website in accordance with Section 7 (1) TMG. However, no liability is assumed for the correctness, completeness, topicality or quality of the information and data provided in accordance with §§ 8 to 10 TMG. Liability for the content of the retrievable information is excluded unless it is intentional or grossly negligent incorrect information. Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the time we become aware of a specific legal violation. As soon as we become aware of such violations, we will remove this content immediately. Liability for links We are not responsible for the content of websites that can be accessed via a hyperlink. The operators of the linked pages are solely responsible for their content. We expressly do not adopt the content of this website as our own and can therefore not guarantee the content correctness, completeness and availability. When we linked the content for the first time, we checked whether the third-party content triggered a possible civil or criminal liability. However, we are not obliged to constantly check the content to which we refer to our offer for changes that could give rise to a new responsibility. Only if we determine or are advised by others that a specific offer to which we have provided a link triggers civil or criminal liability, will we remove the reference to this offer, insofar as this is technically possible and reasonable for us. Copyright The content and works on this website created by the operator of this website are subject to German copyright law. All third-party contributions are marked as such. The duplication, processing, distribution and any kind of use beyond the limits of copyright law require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Copies of these pages are only permitted for private use, but not for commercial purposes. Imprint Data Protection / Terms and Conditions © 2017 designed by BWSolution GmbH * 1 Further information on the official fuel consumption and the official specific CO2 emissions of new passenger cars can be found in the "Guide to Fuel Consumption, CO2 Emissions and Power Consumption of New Passenger Cars", which is available at all Sales outlets and from Deutsche Automobil Treuhand GmbH (DAT) http://www.dat.de/angebote/verlagsprodukte/leitfaden-kraftstofffertigung.html is available free of charge. The specified values ​​were determined in accordance with the prescribed measuring method (Section 2 Nos. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version). The information does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer, but only serves for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. Online dispute resolution in accordance with Art. 14 Para. 1 ODR-VO: The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (OS), which you can find at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.