Lüdemann & Zankel Service and Accessories We use cookies to optimize our website for you and to improve it continuously. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can get more information about cookies in our data protection declaration. Got it Home New L&Z Express cars - immediately available Twingo Captur Clio Kadjar Koleos Megane 5-door Megane Grandtour Scenic Campaign vehicles Campaign vehicles Trucks Campaign vehicles Passenger car participation Renault model range Dacia model range Dacia thank you bonus Used car advice online Hygiene rules Electromobility Commercial Customers Renault Trafic Renault Master Reference Vehicles LZ Rent Motorhomes Rent Service & Accessories Services Vehicle Conversion LZ Parts Contact About Us Locations Contact Form Career / Training More More More More More To the premium With 0% interest * and 5 year guarantee **. More With 0% interest * and 5 year guarantee **. Benefits of hay fever? Our anti-allergy air filters ensure an optimal and gentle indoor climate. Find out more YOU WILL LOVE THIS OFFER Fair price-performance ratio. Learn more 3D wheel alignment Safe on the go with 3D wheel alignment in Kaltenkirchen! Find out more Air conditioning system maintenance On hot days, the air conditioning system in your car ensures that you get to your destination "cool"! Find out more Battery check Always under power Renault battery check With the free battery check service, you are spared nasty surprises when starting the vehicle. Learn more Changing the timing belt The timing belt is a small but important element of an engine. Find out more Clear view check Glass permanently cloudy again? With our accessories you get a clear view again! Learn more Main inspection The main inspection is pending? No problem, you can have it done by us. Learn more Shock absorber replacement Shock absorbers are not only part of every suspension in the vehicle and smooth many of the bumps on the road, but are also relevant for general safety in the vehicle. Learn more Changing the brake pads If your braking distance has become noticeably longer, it is often time to check the brake pads of your car! Checking the brakes is one of the most important inspections and should not only be carried out for the upcoming general inspection. Find out more Stone chip repair - from a professional stone chip repair from 0, - EUR * * for vehicles with partial comprehensive insurance. Learn more Imprint Data Protection / Terms and Conditions © 2017 designed by BWSolution GmbH * 1 Further information on the official fuel consumption and the official specific CO2 emissions of new passenger cars can be found in the "Guide to fuel consumption, CO2 emissions and power consumption of new passenger cars", which is available free of charge from all sales outlets and from Deutsche Automobil Treuhand GmbH (DAT) http://www.dat.de/angebote/verlagsprodukte/leitfaden-kraftstofffertigung.html. The specified values ​​were determined in accordance with the prescribed measuring method (Section 2 Nos. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version). The information does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer, but only serves for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. Online dispute resolution in accordance with Art. 14 Para. 1 ODR-VO: The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (OS), which you can find at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.