Vehicle conversion at Lüdemann & Zankel We use cookies to optimize our website for you and to continuously improve it. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can get more information about cookies in our data protection declaration. Got it Home New L&Z Express cars - immediately available Twingo Captur Clio Kadjar Koleos Megane 5-door Megane Grandtour Scenic Campaign vehicles Campaign vehicles Trucks Campaign vehicles Passenger car participation Renault model range Dacia model range Dacia thank you bonus Used car advice online Hygiene rules Electromobility Commercial Customers Renault Trafic Renault Master Reference Vehicles LZ Rent Motorhomes Rent Service & Accessories Services Vehicle Conversion LZ Parts Contact About Us Locations Contact Form Career / Training More More More More More To the premium With 0% interest * and 5 year guarantee **. More With 0% interest * and 5 year guarantee **. We have solutions for: • Driving and operating aids • Entry aids • Orthopedic car seats • Active and passive drivers • Wheelchair loading systems Renault Kangoo rear cutout The Renault Kangoo is particularly suitable for transporting a wheelchair user in the rear area. For this purpose, a rear cutout is made, a folding ramp and a belt system for the wheelchair and for the wheelchair user are installed. A lowering mechanism can also be installed to make it easier to move the wheelchair in and out. After the conversion, the rear right seat remains in the Kangoo. The back seat must be folded down to take a wheelchair user with it, so long as it remains in place. If no disabled person is taken along, the back seat can remain folded up. Then all five seats of the kangoo can be used. Technical data: - Ramp length: 1000 mm - Ramp width: 780 mm - Maximum height: 1370 mm - Length of the wheelchair space: 1230 mm - Width of the wheelchair space: 800 mm - Aluminum tank options: - Inclined shoulder belt - Two-part ramp - ASP-Airmatic lowering system Lübeck-Genin - Lüdemann & Zankel GmbH Kruppstraße 4 - 6 23560 Lübeck-Genin Tel .: 0451 - 58 90 60 Fax: 0451-58 90 6650 E-Mail: genin@lz.ag Contact us, we will adjust the vehicle Your requirements! Imprint Data Protection / Terms and Conditions © 2017 designed by BWSolution GmbH * 1 Further information on the official fuel consumption and the official specific CO2 emissions of new passenger cars can be found in the "Guide to Fuel Consumption, CO2 Emissions and Power Consumption of New Passenger Cars", which is available at all Sales outlets and from Deutsche Automobil Treuhand GmbH (DAT) http://www.dat.de/angebote/verlagsprodukte/leitfaden-kraftstofffertigung.html is available free of charge. The specified values ​​were determined in accordance with the prescribed measuring method (Section 2 Nos. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version). The information does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer, but only serves for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. Online dispute resolution in accordance with Art. 14 Para. 1 ODR-VO: The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (OS), which you can find at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.