Renault Lüdemann & Zankel Elektromobilität In order to optimize our website for you and to be able to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can get more information about cookies in our data protection declaration. Got it Home New L&Z Express cars - immediately available Twingo Captur Clio Kadjar Koleos Megane 5-door Megane Grandtour Scenic Campaign vehicles Campaign vehicles Trucks Campaign vehicles Passenger car participation Renault model range Dacia model range Dacia thank you bonus Used car advice online Hygiene rules Electric Mobility Commercial Customers Renault Trafic Renault Master Reference Vehicles LZ Rent Motorhomes Rent Service & Accessories Services Vehicle Conversion LZ Parts Contact About Us Locations Contact Form Career / Training ---- >>>> View all Renault Zoe's. Request your offer Do you have any further questions about e-mobility? We would be happy to advise you on topics such as: - Special commercial grants - Government grants for private users - Public charging infrastructure - Charging at home, how does it work? - Test drives - Financing and leasing options - Delivery times - And of course 100 electric for the new Renault ZOE. Write to us and make an appointment. Click here to contact us. We can not only sell - we also drive electrically, even in 24-hour races. Click here for the L&Z EcoGP video. On Facebook. Event contributions. Imprint Data Protection / Terms and Conditions © 2017 designed by BWSolution GmbH * 1 Further information on the official fuel consumption and the official specific CO2 emissions of new passenger cars can be found in the "Guide to Fuel Consumption, CO2 Emissions and Power Consumption of New Passenger Cars", which is available at all Sales outlets and from Deutsche Automobil Treuhand GmbH (DAT) http://www.dat.de/angebote/verlagsprodukte/leitfaden-kraftstofffertigung.html is available free of charge. The specified values ​​were determined in accordance with the prescribed measuring method (Section 2 Nos. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version). The information does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer, but only serves for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. Online dispute resolution in accordance with Art. 14 Para. 1 ODR-VO: The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (OS), which you can find at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.