Lüdemann & Zankel Group We use cookies to optimize our website for you and to improve it continuously. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can get more information about cookies in our data protection declaration. Got it Home New L&Z Express cars - immediately available Twingo Captur Clio Kadjar Koleos Megane 5-door Megane Grandtour Scenic Campaign vehicles Campaign vehicles Trucks Campaign vehicles Passenger car participation Renault model range Dacia model range Dacia thank you bonus Used car advice online Hygiene rules Electromobility Commercial Customers Renault Trafic Renault Master Reference Vehicles LZ Rent Motorhomes Rent Service & Accessories Services Vehicle Conversion LZ Parts Contact About Us Locations Contact Form Career / Training More More More More More To the premium With 0% interest * and 5 year guarantee **. More With 0% interest * and 5 year guarantee **. Lüdemann & Zankel Group - Milestones In 2002 Lüdemann & Zankel AG, based in Kaltenkirchen, was founded by Sibylle Hauth and Jörn Lüdemann. Kaltenkirchen is the administrative seat of the company in which the accounting, disposition, marketing, sales and IT administration are integrated. The Kaltenkirchen location offers the Renault & Dacia brands for our customers. The entire company has 170 employees. Training young people is very important to us. We continuously fill 35 apprenticeships in the company. Since its foundation in 1955, we have trained 500 apprentices, 35 of whom have emerged from these apprentices. We are the largest Renault dealer in northern Germany and can look back on a long company history. With our ten locations in Schleswig-Holstein, we are there for you and, as Renault and Dacia dealers, offer competent and fast workshop services with the latest equipment. As a leading provider in the field of electromobility, we completely switched all companies' electricity to renewable energies in 2015. You can charge your vehicle free of charge at many of our locations. Renault Pro + In addition to the classic sale of new and used cars, the Lüdemann & Zankel Group looks after the commercial sector under Renault Pro +. You are always welcome in our three Renault Business Centers (Lübeck, Norderstedt-Garstedt and Bad Segeberg areas)! We are planning an expansion of our business center for you so that you can be reached even better on site. Together we develop solutions in the field of fleet management according to your needs. As a craftsman or service provider, as the owner of a small or medium-sized company as well as a fleet manager for an international group. We would be happy to come to you on request! LZParts The online shop www.lzparts.de of the Lüdemann & Zankel Group has accessories and original spare parts for Renault, Dacia and Renault Sport in its program. The online shop is located in Kaltenkirchen and operates from here worldwide. There are 1,000 parts available. Some accessories for Dacia are produced exclusively for LZParts and only sold through this shop. As an exciting project, the Dacia Duster Admirable is continuously expanded and put through its paces as a test vehicle. Check out the work on the Duster on the Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/LZLZParts?fref=ts. People with a handicap Another area that is located under Renault Pro +, but is operated independently, is the vehicle conversion for people with a handicap. The vehicle is converted according to individual needs. The Renault Kangoo Z.E. or the Dacia Dokker are ideal for conversion to wheelchair transportation. We have solutions for active and passive drivers, wheelchair loading systems, driving and operating aids, boarding aids or orthopedic car seats. Find out more about the numerous design options in our factories in Norderstedt-Garstedt or Lübeck-Genin. Renault Z.E. We deal intensively with the cars of tomorrow and with Renault we have a strong partner in the electromobility sector. With the operation in Norderstedt-Garstedt, Lüdemann & Zankel AG is also a base dealer for the Stromer. Other locations for the electric cars are Lübeck, Ahrensburg, Kaltenkirchen, Norderstedt-Glashütte, Bad Malente, Bornhöved and Bad Segeberg. With electric cars you are emission-free, environmentally friendly and also cheaper on the road! We are of the three Renault models ZOE, Kangoo Z.E. and Twizy convinced! Imprint Data Protection / Terms and Conditions © 2017 designed by BWSolution GmbH * 1 Further information on the official fuel consumption and the official specific CO2 emissions of new passenger cars can be found in the "Guide to Fuel Consumption, CO2 Emissions and Power Consumption of New Passenger Cars", which is available at all Sales outlets and from Deutsche Automobil Treuhand GmbH (DAT) http://www.dat.de/angebote/verlagsprodukte/leitfaden-kraftstofffertigung.html is available free of charge. The specified values ​​were determined in accordance with the prescribed measuring method (Section 2 Nos. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version). The information does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer, but only serves for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. Online dispute resolution in accordance with Art. 14 Para. 1 ODR-VO: The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (OS), which you can find at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.