Data protection In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can get more information about cookies in our data protection declaration. Got it Home New L&Z Express cars - immediately available Twingo Captur Clio Kadjar Koleos Megane 5-door Megane Grandtour Scenic Campaign vehicles Campaign vehicles Trucks Campaign vehicles Passenger car participation Renault model range Dacia model range Dacia thank you bonus Used car advice online Hygiene rules Electromobility Commercial customers Renault Trafic Renault Master Reference vehicles LZ Rent Motorhomes for rent Service & Accessories Services Vehicle conversion LZ Parts Contact About us Locations Contact form Career / Training Data protection As far as possible, personal data (e.g. name, address or email address) is collected on our website always on a voluntary basis. As far as possible, the offers and services can always be used without providing personal data. The data we collect is used exclusively to process your questions or to send you requested information. It will not be passed on to third parties. We hereby expressly object to the use by third parties of contact data published within the scope of the imprint obligation for sending unsolicited advertising and information material. The site operators reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited promotional information, such as spam e-mails. Consumer information according to Regulation (EU) No. 524/2013: As part of the regulation on online dispute resolution in consumer affairs, an online dispute resolution platform of the EU Commission is available at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/. You have the option of using this platform to resolve your disputes. Our email address is: info@lz.ag Data protection information according to the EU General Data Protection Regulation: Dear customer, Our company takes the protection of customer data very seriously and would like every customer to visit our branches and our website feels safe and secure. What exactly does this mean for you? So that you can better understand and assess the individual aspects and effects of the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we are happy to give you an overview of the processing and use of your personal data by our company. The protection of personal data and your individual privacy when processing personal data is of particular importance to the Lüdemann & Zankel Group (LZ) and is important to us, which we take into account with great care in our business processes. We therefore inform you below about the processing of your personal data and the data protection claims and rights to which you are entitled. Data collection, processing and use are based on voluntary consent given by the user or legal provisions. If anonymized or pseudonymized data is sufficient for the business purpose, only these forms of data will be used. As far as LZ stores data, we have extensive technical and operational security measures to protect personal data, e.g. For example, we hit it before unauthorized access and misuse. Our security procedures are also regularly checked and adapted to technological progress. Keep in mind that data transmission over the Internet can always be subject to security gaps. Full protection against access by strangers is not possible. I. Contact details of the data protection officer 1. Who is responsible for data processing? Lüdemann & Zankel AG Porschering 14 24568 Kaltenkirchen Tel: 04191-93 000 Fax: 04191-93 00-849 Email: info@lz.ag 2. Who do I contact for information regarding my data? Lüdemann & Zankel AG Data Protection Officer Porschering 14 24568 Kaltenkirchen Tel: 04191-93000 Mail: datenschutz@lz.ag II. General information on data processing 1. Purpose of processing personal data If you have provided us with personal data, we will only use it for the purpose the technical administration of our website and to fulfill your wishes and requirements, usually to answer your request. 2. Legal basis for the processing of personal data Insofar as we obtain your consent for processing personal data, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as the legal basis for the processing of personal data. When processing personal data that is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR as the legal basis. This also applies to processing operations that are necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. Insofar as processing of personal data is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation to which our company is subject, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR serves as the legal basis. If processing is necessary to safeguard a legitimate interest of our company or a third party and your interests, fundamental rights and freedoms do not outweigh the former interest, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR as the legal basis for processing. III. Concrete data processing 1. Which sources and data do we use? LZ processes personal and vehicle-specific data that we voluntarily receive from our customers as part of our business relationship. In addition, we process - as far as necessary for the provision of the service or a purchase contract - personal data that we need in order to fulfill the contractual and legal requirements. This can be Schufa information, data from Deutsche Renault AG and RCI Banque, and of course data from publicly available sources. 2. What do we process your data for? We process your data given to us: 3.1. To professionally maintain and repair your vehicle, as well as for accident repairs 3.2. To make you aware of upcoming appointments (main inspection, AU, offers, maintenance, fairs, promotions and events) 3.3. to provide any warranty services on your vehicle 3.4. for advertising and opinion polling, insofar as you have given us your consent. 3.5. For inquiry and conclusion of loan and leasing contracts. 3.6. For sales of new and used cars 3.7. Mediation of car insurance 4. Who gets my data? 4.1. Within our branches, those positions will receive your data that are necessary to process and fulfill your orders and requests given to us professionally. We proceed according to the minimum principle. Only the data that is absolutely necessary will be processed. The same applies to the sale of vehicles and spare parts. 4.2 Your data will be given to other companies or service providers and vicarious agents for the fulfillment of the contract, insofar as this is necessary for the fulfillment of the contract and you have given your consent (e.g. Deutsche Renault AG, RCI Banque, Santander Bank, DAT used vehicle evaluation) 4.3. If you have given your consent, your personal data will also be passed on to opinion research companies, e.g. Kantar TNS. 4.4. Your personal data will not be passed on or otherwise transmitted to third parties, unless this is necessary for the purpose of contract execution. For example, it may be necessary for us to pass on your address and order data to our suppliers when ordering products; this is necessary for billing purposes; You have previously given your consent. 5. Is data transferred to a third country or to international organizations? Data is only transferred to countries outside the EU or so-called third countries if this is necessary for the execution of your orders or is required by law (e.g. tax reporting requirements), you have given us your consent or as part of order data processing. If service providers are used in the third country, they are obliged to comply with data protection in Europe in addition to written instructions through the agreement of the EU standard contractual clauses. 6. How long do we store data? Your personal data will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of storage no longer applies. Storage can also take place if this has been provided for by European or national legislators in Union law regulations, laws or other regulations to which we are subject. The data will also be blocked or deleted if a storage period prescribed by the standards mentioned expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for the conclusion or performance of a contract. We respect your "right to be forgotten". III Provision of the website and creation of log files 1. Presence on the Internet: Visitors and users of our homepage can receive information about their personally stored data and their origin, the recipients of their data and the purpose of storage at any time free of charge. a) Description and scope of data processing Each time our website is accessed, our system automatically records data and information from the computer system of the calling computer. The following data is collected: LZ collects and uses data in log files that the user's internet browser transmits to us. These are: browser type / version, operating system used, referrer URL (the previously visited page), host name of the accessing computer (IP address), date and time of the server request. Websites from which the user's system reaches our website Websites that are accessed by the user's system via our website This data cannot be assigned to specific persons by LZ and is necessary in order to present the content of the LZ web offer to the user and for to ensure secure communication. The data is also stored in the log files of our system. This data is not merged with other data sources; the data is also deleted after statistical analysis. b) Legal basis for data processing The legal basis for the temporary storage of data and log files is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. c) Purpose of data processing The temporary storage of the IP address by the system is necessary to enable delivery of the website to the user's computer. To do this, the user's IP address must remain stored for the duration of the session. The log files are saved to ensure the functionality of the website. In addition, we use the data to optimize the website and to ensure the security of our information technology systems. The data is not evaluated for marketing purposes in this context. Our legitimate interest in data processing in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. d) Duration of storage The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. In the case of the collection of data for the provision of the website, this is the case when the respective session has ended. If the data is stored in log files, this is the case after [12 months] at the latest. e) Opposition and elimination options The collection of the data for the provision of the website and the storage of the data in log files is absolutely necessary for the operation of the website. There is consequently no possibility for the user to object. 2. Use of cookies Use of cookies and use of Google Analytics and Google AdWords In connection with the provision of online offers, LZ uses "cookies". "Cookies" are text files that are stored on the visitor's computer when they visit a website get saved. "Cookies" are used once or for a long period of time in order to provide the visitor with permanent, recurring settings on the LZ pages or to enable and simplify certain functions of the LZ online offer. If a user calls up a website, he can A cookie is stored on the user's operating system. This cookie contains a characteristic string that enables the browser to be clearly identified when the website is called up again. The text files contain no address data (such as the name or email address of the visitor) or any other personal data LZ also does not connect data and other data sources. "Cookies" continue to analyze website usage and thus make our website more user-friendly, effective and secure. The quality of the website and its content are constantly being improved -Cookies we learn how to use the website t will and can continuously optimize our offer. Our legitimate interest in the processing of personal data in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. In this way, the following data can be stored and transmitted: (1) Entered search terms (2) Frequency of page views (3) Use of website functions The data is collected and processed for purely statistical purposes and serves to improve LZ's online offer. Only data without personal reference is collected and used. The following data is stored and transmitted in the cookies: (1) Language settings (2) Items in a shopping cart (3) Log-in information When you visit our website, the user is informed about the use of cookies for analysis purposes and his consent for processing the personal data used in this context. In this context, there is also a reference to this data protection declaration. b) Legal basis for data processing The legal basis for processing personal data using technically necessary cookies is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies for analysis purposes is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. 3. Deactivating cookies Website visitors can set their web browser in such a way that the storage of "cookies" is suppressed. Therefore, you as the user have full control over the use of cookies. By changing the settings in your internet browser you can transfer the Deactivate or restrict cookies. Cookies that have already been saved can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. You have the option of controlling the acceptance of cookies yourself and, if necessary, of preventing them by configuring your browser, as on the websites of the browser Manufacturer specified: Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/de/kb/cookies-erlauben-und-ablehnen Internet Explorer: http://windows.microsoft.com/de-de/windows-vista/block- or-allow-cookies Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=de Safari: http://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042 Opera: http: //help.opera .com / Linux / 9.00 / de / cookies.html In single However, this can mean that personal online offers / services or certain functions of the website can no longer be used. 4. Newsletter a) Description and scope of data processing On our website it is possible to subscribe to a free newsletter. When registering for the newsletter, the data from the input mask are transmitted to us. E-mail address optional Name, position and address For the processing of the data your consent is obtained during the registration process and reference is made to this data protection declaration. b) Legal basis for data processing The legal basis for the processing of data after the user has registered for the newsletter is Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. c) Purpose of data processing The collection of the user's email address serves to deliver the newsletter. The collection of other personal data as part of the registration process serves to prevent misuse of the services or the email address used. d) Duration of storage The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. The user's email address is therefore stored for as long as the subscription to the newsletter is active. The other personal data collected during the registration process is usually deleted after a period of 12 months. e) Opposition and removal options The subscription to the newsletter can be canceled at any time by the user concerned. For this purpose there is a corresponding link in every newsletter. This also enables a revocation of the consent to the storage of the personal data collected during the registration process. 5. Contact form and e-mail contact a) Description and scope of data processing There is a contact form on our website that can be used to contact us electronically. If a user makes use of this option, the data entered in the input mask will be transmitted to us and saved. This data is: Contact form: E-mail address Telephone number Your message, first and last name Location Callback request Test drive Callback date The following data is also stored at the time the message is sent: (1) The user's IP address (2) Date and time of registration Your consent to the processing of the data is obtained as part of the sending process and reference is made to this data protection declaration. Alternatively, you can contact us via the email address provided. In this case, the user's personal data transmitted with the email will be saved. In this context, it does not pursue the disclosure of data to third parties. The data will only be used to process the conversation. b) Legal basis for data processing The legal basis for processing the data is Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. The legal basis for the processing of data transmitted in the course of sending an email is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If the email contact is aimed at the conclusion of a contract, then an additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR. c) Purpose of data processing The processing of personal data from the input mask serves us only to process the contact. If you contact us by email, this is also the necessary legitimate interest in the processing of the data. The other personal data processed during the sending process serve to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure the security of our information technology systems. d) Duration of storage The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. For the personal data from the input mask of the contact form and those that were sent by email, this is the case when the respective conversation with the user has ended. The conversation is ended when the circumstances indicate that the matter in question has been finally clarified. The additional personal data collected during the sending process will be deleted after a period of 12 months at the latest. e) Opposition and elimination options You have the option to revoke your consent to the processing of personal data at any time. If you contact us by email, you can object to the storage of your personal data at any time. In such a case, the conversation cannot be continued. In this case, all personal data saved in the course of contacting us will be deleted. This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is transmitted to a Google Inc. server in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity for website operators and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage. Google doesn't learn anything about you personally. By using the code line "_anonymizeIp ()" the last 8 bits of the IP addresses are deleted and thus anonymized. Google may transfer this information to third parties if this is required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Under no circumstances will Google link your IP address with other Google data. You can object to the collection and use of your IP address by Google Analytics at any time with future effect. You can also deactivate Google Analytics. You can find more information at: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout Data protection declaration for the use of Google +1 Collection and disclosure of information: With the help of the Google +1 button you can publish information worldwide. The Google +1 button gives you and other users personalized content from Google and our partners. Google stores both the information that you have given +1 for content and information about the page that you viewed when you clicked +1. Your +1 can be displayed as information together with your profile name and your photo in Google services, such as in search results or in your Google profile, or elsewhere on websites and advertisements on the Internet. Google records information about your +1 activities in order to improve Google services for you and others. To be able to use the Google +1 button, you need a globally visible, public Google profile that must contain at least the name chosen for the profile. This name is used in all Google services. In some cases, this name can also replace another name that you used when sharing content via your Google account. The identity of your Google profile can be shown to users who know your email address or who have other identifying information about you. Use of the information collected: In addition to the uses described above, the information you provide will be used in accordance with the applicable Google data protection regulations. Google may publish summarized statistics about the +1 activities of the users or pass them on to users and partners, such as publishers, advertisers or connected websites. Data protection declaration for the use of Google Adsense This website uses Google AdSense, a service for integrating advertisements from Google Inc. ("Google"). Google AdSense uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of the use of the website. Google AdSense also uses so-called web beacons (invisible graphics). These web beacons can be used to evaluate information such as visitor traffic on these pages. The information generated by cookies and web beacons about the use of this website (including your IP address) and the delivery of advertising formats are transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. This information can be passed on by Google to contractual partners of Google. However, Google will not merge your IP address with other data that you have stored. You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Data protection declaration for the use of social plugins (e.g. Facebook) Our website uses social plugins (e.g. from the social network facebook.com, which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA). The plugins are marked with a logo (e.g. Facebook logo) or the addition "Social Plugin" (e.g. Facebook Social Plugin). In order to prevent the unwanted transfer of user data to the social media platforms (e.g. Twitter, Facebook, Google+), they are deactivated on our website by default. We use the two-click rule so that no data is transferred to the social media platforms in advance without your consent. Only after activating the social media plugins do you consent to communication with the social media platforms (such as Twitter, Facebook, Google+) and the connection to the services is established (more information can be found at www.datenschutzticker.de/ index.php / 2011/10/2-click-solution-for-better-privacy-at-social-plugins /). By activating the social plugins, the social media platforms (e.g. Facebook) receive the information that you have accessed the corresponding page of our website. If you are logged into the respective social media platforms (e.g. Facebook), they can assign the visit to your account (e.g. Facebook account). If you interact with the social plugins (e.g. press the "Like" button on Facebook) or leave a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from your browser directly to the social media platforms (e.g. Facebook) and stored there. The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by the social media platform operators (e.g. Facebook) as well as your rights and setting options for protecting your privacy can be found in the data protection information of the respective social media platforms (e.g. www. facebook.com/policy.php). We would like to point out that, as the provider of the website, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or how it is used by Facebook. If you do not want the social media platform operators (e.g. Facebook) to collect data about you via our website, you must log out of the respective social media platforms (e.g. Facebook) before visiting our website. Instructions for deleting cookies in the most common browsers can be found here: www.test.de/Gewusst-wie-Cookies-loeschen-4418201-0/ Microsoft Internet Explorer: Instructions Mozilla Firefox: Instructions Google Chrome: Instructions Apple Safari: Instructions Opera: Instructions IV Your rights What data protection rights do you have? You have the right to information under Article 15 GDPR, the right to correction under Article 16 GDPR, the right to deletion under Article 17 GDPR, the right to restriction of processing according to Article 18 GDPR, the right to contradiction from Art. 21 GDPR and the right to data portability from Art. 20 GDPR. The restrictions under §34 and §35 BDSG apply to the right to information and the right to erasure. There is also a right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority. You can revoke your consent to the processing of personal data at any time. Please note that the cancellation only applies to the future. Data processing that took place before the revocation is not affected. If you object, we will no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate reasons that outweigh your rights and freedoms. (e.g. defense of legal claims) To exercise your rights, please use one of the contact details mentioned in Section I. If you believe that the processing of your data violates data protection law or your data protection claims have otherwise been violated, you can also complain to a supervisory authority. V Is there an obligation for you to provide personal data? You must provide the personal data that is necessary for the establishment and implementation of our business relationship and that we need for the execution of the respective order. If you do not provide us with data, we usually have to refuse to conclude a contract or execute the order or can no longer carry out an existing contract and must therefore terminate it. Imprint Data Protection / Terms and Conditions © 2017 designed by BWSolution GmbH * 1 Further information on the official fuel consumption and the official specific CO2 emissions of new passenger cars can be found in the "Guide to Fuel Consumption, CO2 Emissions and Power Consumption of New Passenger Cars", which is available at all Sales outlets and from Deutsche Automobil Treuhand GmbH (DAT) http://www.dat.de/angebote/verlagsprodukte/leitfaden-kraftstofffertigung.html is available free of charge. The specified values ​​were determined in accordance with the prescribed measuring method (Section 2 Nos. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version). The information does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer, but only serves for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. Online dispute resolution in accordance with Art. 14 Para. 1 ODR-VO: The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (OS), which you can find at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.