Get advice online We use cookies to optimize our website for you and to continuously improve it. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can get more information about cookies in our data protection declaration. Got it Home New L&Z Express cars - immediately available Twingo Captur Clio Kadjar Koleos Megane 5-door Megane Grandtour Scenic Campaign vehicles Campaign vehicles Trucks Campaign vehicles Passenger car participation Renault model range Dacia model range Dacia thank you bonus Used car advice online Hygiene rules Electric Mobility Commercial Customers Renault Trafic Renault Master Reference Vehicles LZ Rent Motorhomes Rent Service & Accessories Services Vehicle Conversion LZ Parts Contact About Us Locations Contact Form Career / Training Our Online Consulting - Now! Ask us in the live chats or contact a colleague directly. We skype with you Here in our live chat Whatsapp Here it goes to the live chat Facebook Simply write to us as a company (data under the contact person). Prefer mobile? Simply hold your phone on the screen in photo mode. You're already in live chat! Lars Rehm Live chat with Whatsapp Facetime: 0152 32 08 12 60 Live chat with Skype Facebook: Lüdemann & Zankel Gmbh Segeberg Simon Kühnel Live chat with Whatsapp FaceTime: 0162 23 93 292 Live chat with Skype Markus Köhn Live chat with Whatsapp FaceTime: 0162/2393297 Live chat with Skype Mirko Pietsch LIve chat with Whatsapp FaceTime: 0152/54283637 LIve chat with Skype Oliver Pekrun Live chat with Whatsapp FaceTime: 0159 01 65 83 53 Live chat with Skype Imprint Privacy Policy / Terms & Conditions © 2017 designed by BWSolution GmbH * 1 Further information on the official fuel consumption and the official specific CO2 emissions of new passenger cars can be found in the "Guide to fuel consumption, CO2 emissions and power consumption of new passenger cars", which is available at all sales outlets and at Deutsche Automobil Treuhand GmbH (DAT) http://www.dat.de/angebote/verlagsprodukte/leitfaden-kraftstofffertigung.html is available free of charge. The specified values ​​were determined in accordance with the prescribed measuring method (Section 2 Nos. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version). The information does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer, but only serves for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. Online dispute resolution in accordance with Art. 14 Para. 1 ODR-VO: The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (OS), which you can find at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.