Contest participation In order to optimize our website for you and to be able to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can get more information about cookies in our data protection declaration. Got it Home New L&Z Express cars - immediately available Twingo Captur Clio Kadjar Koleos Megane 5-door Megane Grandtour Scenic Campaign vehicles Campaign vehicles Trucks Campaign vehicles Passenger car participation Renault model range Dacia model range Dacia thank you bonus Used car advice online Hygiene rules Electromobility Commercial customers Renault Trafic Renault Master Reference vehicles LZ Rent Motorhomes for rent Service & Accessories Services Vehicle conversion LZ Parts Contact About us Locations Contact form Career / Training Competition - Easter egg hunt Conditions of participation for competition 1. Subject of the conditions of participation and organizer (1) These conditions of participation regulate the conditions for participation in the competition and any necessary transfers of rights. (2) The competition is organized by Lüdemann & Zankel AG, Porschering 14, Kaltenkirchen. (3) With participation in the respective competition, these conditions of participation are accepted. (4) The competition is not connected to Facebook, it is neither sponsored, supported nor organized by Facebook. 2. Participation (1) Anyone who has reached the age of 18 and resides in Germany is eligible to participate in the competition. Employees of Lüdemann & Zankel AG and affiliated companies as well as relatives of such employees and their relatives are excluded. Participation with fake identities or with third party identities is not permitted. (2) Eligible participants can participate in the competition by liking the competition posting ("Like") and leaving this rating in any case until the selection of the winners. (3) Participation is possible until April 13th, 2020 - 23:59. 3. Prizes and notification of prizes (1) We are raffling off a family ticket in the Tierpark Hagenbeck and 3x 1 “game of life” (2) among all eligible participants (2) The winners will be drawn in a live video, which everyone can follow online. (3) Only one win is possible per participant. (4) The prize is neither transferable, nor can the prize be exchanged or paid out in cash. (5) If circumstances arise for which we are not responsible, the respective winner accepts a reasonable replacement prize. (6) The prizes will be sent to the winner by mail to the address given. When the prize is handed over to a transport person, the risk passes to the winner. We are not responsible for delivery damage. 4. Granting of rights of use (1) The participant guarantees to be the holder of the necessary rights to the uploaded or linked photos. If the participant is not the sole author or holder of rights, he expressly declares that he has the rights necessary to participate in the competition. (2) The participant grants us the following simple, temporally and spatially unlimited but not exclusive rights of use for the photo used by him: • the right to save the photo on a server; • the right to make the photo fully or partially accessible to the public via Facebook and our websites (in particular www.wwwLZautomobile.de); • the right to use the photo to advertise our products; • the right to edit the photo, whereby the image may not be alienated. (3) We will identify the author in a suitable manner when using the image, insofar as this is feasible taking into account the specific use. (4) By accepting the prize, the winner agrees that we may use his name for advertising purposes. 5. Liability and Exemption (1) If the participant uploads photos, the participant guarantees that he will not send any content, the provision, publication or use of which violates applicable law or the rights of third parties. (2) The participant releases us from third party claims of any kind resulting from the illegality of photos that the participant has used. The exemption obligation also includes the obligation to completely release the organizer from legal defense costs (e.g. court and lawyer costs). (3) By participating in the competition, the participant releases Facebook from any liability. 6. Exclusion (1) A violation of these conditions of participation entitles us to exclude the respective participant from participation. This applies in particular if the participant provides incorrect information or if used photos or other content (e.g. comments) violate applicable law or the rights of third parties. The same applies to comments that can be viewed as glorifying violence, objectionable, harassing or degrading or that otherwise violate the sense of social decency. (2) If the excluded participant is a winner who has already been drawn, the prize can be withdrawn retrospectively. 7. Premature termination and changes We reserve the right to terminate the competition early or in part at any time, even without observing deadlines, or to change its course if it results from technical (e.g. computer virus, manipulation of or errors in software / Hardware) or legal reasons (e.g. prohibition by Facebook) is not possible to guarantee the proper execution of the competition. 8. Data protection We are responsible for the collection, processing and use of participants' personal data if we process them ourselves. We will only use the personal data of the participant and his other personal data within the framework of the legal provisions of data protection law. We will only store, process and use the information insofar as this is necessary for the implementation of the competition or the participant's consent. This also includes use to exercise the granted rights of use. The data will only be used to run the competition and will then be deleted. The participant can request information about the personal data stored at any time. In addition, our data protection declaration applies accordingly, which is available at www.LZautomobile.de/Datenschutz. 9. Final provisions (1) Should the conditions of participation contain ineffective regulations, the effectiveness of the remaining conditions remain unaffected. (2) German law applies. A legal process to check the draw is excluded. Imprint Data Protection / Terms and Conditions © 2017 designed by BWSolution GmbH * 1 Further information on the official fuel consumption and the official specific CO2 emissions of new passenger cars can be found in the "Guide to Fuel Consumption, CO2 Emissions and Power Consumption of New Passenger Cars", which is available at all Sales outlets and from Deutsche Automobil Treuhand GmbH (DAT) http://www.dat.de/angebote/verlagsprodukte/leitfaden-kraftstofffertigung.html is available free of charge. The specified values ​​were determined in accordance with the prescribed measuring method (Section 2 Nos. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version). The information does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer, but only serves for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. Online dispute resolution in accordance with Art. 14 Para. 1 ODR-VO: The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (OS), which you can find at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.