Lüdemann & Zankel used cars We use cookies to optimize our website for you and to continuously improve it. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can get more information about cookies in our data protection declaration. Got it Home New L&Z Express cars - immediately available Twingo Captur Clio Kadjar Koleos Megane 5-door Megane Grandtour Scenic Campaign vehicles Campaign vehicles Trucks Campaign vehicles Passenger car participation Renault model range Dacia model range Dacia thank you bonus Used car advice online Hygiene rules Electromobility Commercial customers Renault Trafic Renault Master Reference vehicles LZ Rent Motorhomes for rent Service & Accessories Services Vehicle conversion LZ Parts Contact About us Locations Contact form Career / Training Vehicle quick search New cars Used cars Demonstration cars Short registrations Only action vehicles Brand All Renault Dacia BMW Citroën Fiat Ford Honda Hyundai Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Opel Pontiac Seat Ssangyong Toyota VW Model All First registration from to Kilometers from to Power (KW) from to Fuel type All Petrol Diesel Electric Hybrid Gearbox t All automatic gearbox convertible / roadster off-road vehicle / pickup small car combi sedan sports car / coupé van / minibus transporter VEHICLES FOUND Your search found 0 hits Price KM EZ Performance Imprint Data Protection / Terms and Conditions © 2017 designed by BWSolution GmbH * 1 Further information on the official fuel consumption and the Official specific CO2 emissions of new passenger cars can be found in the "Guide on fuel consumption, CO2 emissions and electricity consumption of new passenger cars", which is available at all sales outlets and at Deutsche Automobil Treuhand GmbH (DAT) http: //www.dat. de / offers / publishing products / guidelines-fuel consumption.html is available free of charge. The specified values ​​were determined in accordance with the prescribed measuring method (Section 2 Nos. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version). The information does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer, but only serves for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. Online dispute resolution in accordance with Art. 14 Para. 1 ODR-VO: The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (OS), which you can find at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.