Lüdemann & Zankel Dacia model range In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can get more information about cookies in our data protection declaration. Understand Home New L&Z Express cars - immediately available Twingo Captur Clio Kadjar Koleos Megane 5-door Megane Grandtour Scenic Action vehicles Action vehicles Trucks Action vehicles Cars Raffle participation Renault model range Dacia model range Dacia thank you bonus Used car advice online Hygiene rules Electric Mobility Commercial Customers Renault Trafic Renault Master Reference Vehicles LZ Rent Motorhomes Rent Service & Accessories Services Vehicle Conversion LZ Parts Contact About Us Locations Contact Form Career / Training Dacia Renault Dacia All Cars COMMERCIAL VEHICLES Sandero Information Arrange a Test Drive Duster Information Arrange a Test Drive Logan MCV Information Arrange a Test Drive Lodgy Information Test Drive Arrange Dokker Arrange information for a test drive Dokker Express Arrange information for a test drive Imprint Data Protection / Terms and Conditions © 2017 designed by BWSol ution GmbH * 1 Further information on the official fuel consumption and the official specific CO2 emissions of new passenger cars can be found in the "Guide to fuel consumption, CO2 emissions and power consumption of new passenger cars", which is available at all sales outlets and at Deutsche Automobil Treuhand GmbH (DAT) http://www.dat.de/angebote/verlagsprodukte/leitfaden-kraftstofffertigung.html is available free of charge. The specified values ​​were determined in accordance with the prescribed measuring method (Section 2 Nos. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version). The information does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer, but only serves for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. Online dispute resolution in accordance with Art. 14 Para. 1 ODR-VO: The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (OS), which you can find at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.