Car injection system washing Vicenza Toggle navigation Home page About us Our services Hydrogen engine cleaning LPG installation on Diesel Injection system washing Maintenance Tire change Revision center Air conditioning refilling Maintenance of automatic transmissions Online overhauling Contacts Blog INJECTION PLANT WASHING Injection plant washing Condensate water and variable quality fuels are the cause of deposits on the fuel system. Thanks to their innovative technology, the protectors eliminate impurities, protect and keep the fuel system clean. The protector is specially designed for your engine: - better performance - preventive action against corrosion - reduces the formation of deposits resulting from combustion - less fuel consumption - less polluting emissions - reduces clogging and deterioration of both the catalyst and the particulate filter When washing a diesel injection system, first disconnect the power supply coming from the tank and connect the circuit to a special tool to feed the engine with the additive. With the engine previously brought to temperature (90 ° C), a cleaning cycle is carried out which lasts about an hour. After this procedure, the circuit is connected and a small road test is made with the vehicle. This type of treatment is recommended every 100,000 km. As long as we expect to arrive at the mileage required for this type of intervention, we advise customers to add a protective additive to the tank to prevent any failures. This type of operation can be carried out at each scheduled maintenance (service, overhaul, etc.). Mechatronics Tire change convergence Authorized service center Injection system washing Recharging air conditioner Maintenance of automatic transmissions ADAS camera calibration Mobile workshop and tow truck BARBIERO C.S.A. SRL Via Fornace 137 36050 Bressanvido (VI) Tel. 0444660518 Fax 0444660518 VAT: 04179540242 info@autofficinabarbiero.it INSTALLATION CENTER Cookie Policy Back to top Powered by Fas-net Full Communication Group - all rights reserved