Autofficina Vicenza - Autofficina Barbiero Toggle navigation Home page Who we are Our services Hydrogen engine cleaning Installation of LPG on Diesel Washing of injection systems Maintenance Tire change Revision center Air conditioner refilling Maintenance of automatic transmissions Online revisions Contacts Blog Cookies policy Privacy Policy of Autofficina Barbiero This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users. Users may be subject to different levels of protection. Some users therefore enjoy superior protection. Further information on the protection criteria can be found in the applicability section. Data Controller Data Types of Data Collected Among the Personal Data collected by this Application, independently or through third parties, there are: Cookies, Usage data, name, surname, date of birth and email. Full details on each type of data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or through specific information texts displayed before the data are collected. Personal Data can be freely provided by the User or, in the case of Usage Data, collected automatically during the use of this Application. Unless otherwise specified, all the Data requested by this Application are mandatory. If the User refuses to communicate them, it may be impossible for this Application to provide the Service. In cases where this Application indicates some Data as optional, Users are free to refrain from communicating such Data, without this having any consequence on the availability of the Service or on its operation. Users who have doubts about which data are mandatory are encouraged to contact the owner. Any use of Cookies - or other tracking tools - by this Application or by the owners of third party services used by this Application, unless otherwise specified, has the purpose of providing the Service requested by the User, in addition to the additional purposes described in this document and in the Cookie Policy, if available. The User assumes responsibility for the Personal Data of third parties obtained, published or shared through this Application and guarantees that he has the right to communicate or disseminate them, freeing the Owner from any liability to third parties. Mode and place of processing the collected data Processing method The Data Controller adopts the appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification or destruction of Personal Data. The treatment is carried out using IT and / or telematic tools, with organizational methods and with logic strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, other subjects involved in the organization of this Application (administrative, commercial, marketing, legal, system administrators) or external subjects (such as suppliers of third party technical services, postal couriers, may have access to the Data). hosting provider, IT companies, communication agencies) also appointed, if necessary, Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of Managers can always be requested from the Data Controller. Legal basis of the processing The Data Controller processes Personal Data relating to the User if one of the following conditions exists: the User has given consent for one or more specific purposes; Note: in some systems, the Data Controller may be authorized to process Personal Data without the User's consent or another of the legal bases specified below, as long as the User does not object ("opt-out"). to such treatment. However, this is not applicable if the processing of Personal Data is regulated by European legislation on the protection of Personal Data; processing is necessary for the execution of a contract with the User and / or for the execution of pre-contractual measures; processing is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation to which the Data Controller is subject; the processing is necessary for the execution of a public interest task or for the exercise of public powers with which the Data Controller is invested; processing is necessary for the pursuit of the legitimate interest of the owner or third parties. However, it is always possible to request the Data Controller to clarify the concrete legal basis of each treatment and in particular to specify whether the treatment is based on the law, provided for in a contract or necessary to conclude a contract. Place The Data is processed at the Data Controller's operating offices and in any other place where the parties involved in the processing are located. For more information, contact the owner. The User's Personal Data may be transferred to a country other than the one in which the User is located. To obtain further information on the place of treatment, the User can refer to the section relating to the details on the processing of Personal Data. In the event of superior protection, the User has the right to obtain information regarding the legal basis for the transfer of Data outside the European Union or to an international organization under public international law or consisting of two or more countries, such as example the UN, as well as on the security measures adopted by the Data Controller to protect the Data. If one of the transfers described above takes place, the User can refer to the respective sections of this document or request information from the Data Controller by contacting him at the details indicated at the opening. Retention period The data are processed and stored for the time required by the purposes for which they were collected. Therefore: Personal Data collected for purposes related to the execution of a contract between the Owner and the User will be retained until the execution of this contract is completed. Personal Data collected for purposes related to the legitimate interest of the Data Controller will be retained until this interest is satisfied. The User can obtain further information regarding the legitimate interest pursued by the Data Controller in the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Data Controller. When the treatment is based on the User's consent, the Data Controller can keep Personal Data longer until such consent is revoked. In addition, the Data Controller may be obliged to keep Personal Data for a longer period in compliance with a legal obligation or by order of an authority. At the end of the retention period, Personal Data will be deleted. Therefore, at the end of this term, the right of access, cancellation, rectification and the right to data portability can no longer be exercised. Purpose of the processing of the collected data The user data are collected to allow the owner to provide their services, as well as for the following purposes: Statistics, contacting the user and managing contacts and sending messages. To obtain further detailed information on the purposes of the processing and on the Personal Data concretely relevant for each purpose, the User can refer to the relevant sections of this document. Details on the processing of Personal Data Personal Data are collected for the following purposes and using the following services: Contacting the User Contact form (this Application) The User, by filling in the contact form with their Data, consents to their use to respond to requests for information, quotes, or any other kind indicated by the form header. Personal Data collected: surname, date of birth, email and name. Mailing list or newsletter (this Application) By registering with the mailing list or the newsletter, the User's email address is automatically inserted in a list of contacts to which email messages containing information, including commercial and promotional information, may be transmitted. related to this Application. The User's email address may also be added to this list as a result of registering with this Application or after making a purchase. Personal Data collected: surname, email and name. The services contained in this section allow the Data Controller to monitor and analyze traffic data and are used to keep track of User behavior. Google Analytics (Google Inc.) Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google uses the Personal Data collected for the purpose of tracking and examining the use of this Application, compiling reports and sharing them with other services developed by Google. Google could use Personal Data to contextualize and personalize the advertisements of its advertising network. Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of treatment: United States - Privacy Policy - Opt Out. Person adhering to the Privacy Shield. Contact management and sending messages This type of service allows you to manage a database of email contacts, telephone contacts or contacts of any other type, used to communicate with the User. These services could also allow you to collect data relating to the date and time of display of the messages by the User, as well as the interaction of the User with them, such as information on clicks on the links inserted in the messages. MailChimp (The Rocket Science Group, LLC.) MailChimp is an address management and emailing service provided by The Rocket Science Group, LLC. Personal Data collected: surname, email and name. Place of treatment: United States - Privacy Policy. Subject adhering to the Privacy Shield. User rights Users can exercise certain rights with reference to the data processed by the owner. In case of superior protection, the User can exercise all the rights listed below. In any other case, the User can contact the owner to find out which rights are applicable in his case and how to exercise them. In particular, the User has the right to: withdraw consent at any time. The User can withdraw consent to the processing of their Personal Data previously expressed. oppose the processing of their data. The user can object to the processing of their data when it takes place on a legal basis other than consent. Further details on the right to object are indicated in the section below. access their data. The user has the right to obtain information on the data processed by the owner, on certain aspects of the processing and to receive a copy of the data processed. verify and request correction. The User can verify the correctness of his Data and request its updating or correction. obtain the limitation of the treatment. When certain conditions are met, the User can request the limitation of the processing of their Data. In this case the Data Controller will not process the Data for any other purpose other than their conservation. obtain the cancellation or removal of your Personal Data. When certain conditions are met, the User can request the cancellation of their Data by the Owner. receive your data or have it transferred to another holder. The User has the right to receive their Data in a structured format, commonly used and readable by an automatic device and, where technically feasible, to obtain its transfer without obstacles to another owner. This provision is applicable when the Data is processed with automated tools and the treatment is based on the User's consent, on a contract of which the User is a party or on contractual measures connected to it. propose a complaint. The User can lodge a complaint with the competent personal data protection supervisory authority or take legal action. Details on the right of opposition When Personal Data are processed in the public interest, in the exercise of public powers with which the Owner is invested or to pursue a legitimate interest of the Owner, Users have the right to oppose the processing for reasons related to their particular situation. Users are reminded that, if their data were processed for direct marketing purposes, they can oppose the processing without giving any reasons. To find out if the Data Controller processes data for direct marketing purposes, Users can refer to the respective sections of this document. How to exercise the rights To exercise the rights of the User, Users can send a request to the contact details of the Owner indicated in this document. Requests are filed free of charge and processed by the Data Controller as soon as possible, in any case within a month. Applicability of the higher level of protection While most of the provisions of this document apply to all Users, some are expressly subject to the applicability of a higher level of protection to the processing of Personal Data. This higher level of protection is always guaranteed when the treatment: is performed by a Data Controller based in the EU; or it concerns Personal Data of Users located in the EU and is functional to the offer of goods or services for consideration or free of charge to such Users; or it concerns Personal Data of Users located in the EU and allows the Owner to monitor the behavior of these Users to the extent that such behavior takes place within the Union. Further information on the processing Defense in court The User's Personal Data may be used by the Owner in court or in the preparatory stages for its possible establishment for the defense against abuse in the use of this Application or related Services by the User . The User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be obliged to disclose the Data by order of the public authorities. Specific information Upon request by the User, in addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information regarding specific Services, or the collection and processing of Personal Data. System logs and maintenance For needs related to operation and maintenance, this Application and any third party services it uses may collect system logs, i.e. files that record the interactions and which may also contain Personal Data, such as the User IP address . Information not contained in this policy Further information in relation to the processing of Personal Data may be requested at any time to the Data Controller using the contact details. Response to "Do Not Track" requests This Application does not support "Do Not Track" requests. To find out if any third-party services used support them, the User is invited to consult their respective privacy policies. Changes to this privacy policy The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving information to Users on this page and, if possible, on this Application as well as, if technically and legally feasible, by sending a notification to Users through one of the contact details of the owner. Therefore, please consult this page regularly, referring to the date of the last modification indicated at the bottom. If the changes affect treatments whose legal basis is consent, the Data Controller will collect the User's consent again, if necessary. Definitions and legal references Personal Data (or Data) Constitutes personal data any information which, directly or indirectly, also in connection with any other information, including a personal identification number, makes a natural person identified or identifiable. Usage Data The information collected automatically through this Application (also from third party applications integrated into this Application), including: IP addresses or domain names of the computers used by the User who connects with this Application, the addresses in URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) ​​notation, the time of the request, the method used to forward the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in response, the numeric code indicating the status of the response from the server (successful, error, etc. .) the country of origin, the characteristics of the browser and operating system used by the visitor, the various temporal connotations of the visit (for example the time spent on each page) and the details of the itinerary followed within the Application, with particular reference to the sequence of pages consulted, the parameters relating to the operating system and the inform environment attic of the User. User The individual who uses this Application which, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the interested party. Interested The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers. Data Processor (or Manager) The natural, legal person, public administration and any other entity that processes personal data on behalf of the Data Controller, as set out in this privacy policy. Data Controller (or Data Controller) The natural or legal person, public authority, service or other body which, individually or together with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data and the tools adopted, including the measures of safety related to the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the owner of this Application. This Application The hardware or software tool through which Users' Personal Data is collected and processed. Service The Service provided by this Application as defined in the relative terms (if any) on this site / application. European Union (or EU) Unless otherwise specified, any reference to the European Union contained in this document is intended to be extended to all current member states of the European Union and the European Economic Area. Cookie Small portion of data stored within the User's device. Legal references This privacy statement has been prepared on the basis of multiple legislative systems, including articles 13 and 14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679. Unless otherwise specified, this privacy statement only concerns this Application. Mechatronics Tire change convergence Authorized service center Injection system washing Recharging air conditioner Maintenance of automatic transmissions ADAS camera calibration Mobile workshop and tow truck BARBIERO C.S.A. SRL Via Fornace 137 36050 Bressanvido (VI) Tel. 0444660518 Fax 0444660518 VAT: 04179540242 info@autofficinabarbiero.it INSTALLATION CENTER Cookie Policy Back to top Powered by Fas-net Full Communication Group - all rights reserved