Automatic transmission maintenance Vicenza - Barbiero workshop Toggle navigation Home page Who we are Our services Hydrogen engine cleaning Installation of LPG on Diesel Washing of injection systems Maintenance Tire change Revision center Air-conditioning refill Maintenance of automatic transmission On-line overhaul Contacts Blog MAINTENANCE AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION Automatic transmission maintenance the convenience of the automatic transmission is not new, but the maintenance it requires is unknown to many. This type of gearbox requires some precautions to ensure reliability and durability. Note is the durability and reliability of mechanical gearboxes which, if not abused, can even last the life of the car (clutch aside). Instead automatic transmissions are more delicate: to make them work there are one or more control units as well as various mechanisms. But if the oil is changed regularly following the correct procedure and using high quality lubricants, its duration can be considerably increased. You must be able to establish an interval for the replacement of the automatic transmission oil: if you often drive in the city, it will be necessary to change it earlier as the components undergo greater stress and tend to wear faster. In addition, there is no need to save money: when replacing the automatic transmission oil, you need to inquire about the type of lubricant suitable for your type of transmission. When changing the automatic transmission oil, the relative filter must also be replaced. In the case of a gearbox equipped with a differential, it is particularly recommended to also replace the relative oil, as this part has separate lubrication but is equally delicate. The maintenance of the automatic transmission is always regulated by the vehicle manufacturer, but normally takes place when the 100.000 / 120.000 km is reached. First, an additive is added to the circuit to soften any dirt and let it act for a few days. The gearbox oil is then replaced, connecting the special tool and making sure to insert all the gears to ensure that the used oil, that is old, is removed from the circuit. At the end of this procedure, the gearbox filter is replaced and, if necessary, depending on the vehicle model, cleaning of the housing or cup. Finally, the oil level is restored. With correct maintenance of the automatic transmission, the life of the vehicle is extended, except for anomalies in the design and / or misuse by the driver. Mechatronics Tire change convergence Authorized service center Injection system washing Recharging air conditioner Maintenance of automatic transmissions ADAS camera calibration Mobile workshop and tow truck BARBIERO C.S.A. SRL Via Fornace 137 36050 Bressanvido (VI) Tel. 0444660518 Fax 0444660518 VAT: 04179540242 info@autofficinabarbiero.it INSTALLATION CENTER Cookie Policy Back to top Powered by Fas-net Full Communication Group - all rights reserved