Gommista Vicenza - Autofficina Barbiero Toggle navigation Home page Who we are Our services Cleaning of hydrogen engine Installation of LPG on diesel Washing of injection systems Maintenance Tire change Revision center Air-conditioner refilling Maintenance of automatic transmissions Online overhauling Contacts Blog TIRE CHANGE AND CONVERGENCE TIRE SALES When replacing the tires, in advising customers, the technical staff assesses which type of vehicle must be installed and focuses the choice on two categories: Premium tires: that is, first quality tires, where the customer knows he can compensate for the most cost high with superior driving performance; Quality tires: always quality, but with lower prices. Despite the lower cost, the positive feedback from customers who have preferred these tires, they make them excellent products both in terms of driving safety and in terms of road performance. In the first category we find the tires of the best known companies such as Continental, Bridgestone and Goodyear; in the second we find tires such as General Tire, Barum and Firestone. Furthermore, when installing the tires, our customers are advised to adjust their vehicle, also called convergence. For optimal tire wear, the convergence should be done every 10,000 km by inverting the latter (from the front they are inserted behind and vice versa). When should tires be changed? You can switch from summer to winter between October 15 and November 14 and, vice versa, you can reassemble the summer tires from April 16 until May 15. For those who do not follow the rules there is an administrative penalty in addition to the withdrawal of the registration document. A detail: if the failure to change winter tires is recorded after an accident, the insurance probably will not cover the damage. Same thing also applies to summer tires. But do I have to put on winter tires? You can keep summer tires even in winter, and have chains in the trunk. In any case, it is a solution not recommended because summer tires have less efficacy on difficult road surfaces such as those that occur in winter. Why is it advisable to change tires? This is the question that motorists often ask themselves: why is it necessary to change winter tires (or thermal tires)? The answer is simple: security. The material of the winter tires allows to maintain a good grip when temperatures drop and in case of wet road surface, thanks to deeper grooves and dense lamellar cuts. The same applies, in reverse, to summer tires: to drive safely during the warmer months you must use tires with a hard compound that does not deteriorate in contact with the incandescent road surface. The fundamental element is the tread compound: it can be composed of materials capable of working more easily at low or high temperatures, therefore characterizing the tires to make them more effective in certain circumstances. In the winter, the cold stiffens the tires and makes them less adherent to the ground: that's why you need compounds capable of heating up and maintaining flexibility characteristics. Different discourse for summer wheels: they are designed for temperatures above seven degrees and to resist the wear of hot asphalt. And to travel on the snow? Suitable tires are marked with the M + S (or MS, M-S, M&S) markings and must meet the characteristics indicated in the registration document. The use of tires suitable for snow cover exempts you from the use of snow chains, even if the advice is to always carry them in your car. In addition, in many locations, there is an absolute obligation for chains regardless of the tires fitted. Mechatronics Tire change convergence Authorized service center Injection system washing Recharging air conditioner Maintenance of automatic transmissions ADAS camera calibration Mobile workshop and tow truck BARBIERO C.S.A. SRL Via Fornace 137 36050 Bressanvido (VI) Tel. 0444660518 Fax 0444660518 VAT: 04179540242 info@autofficinabarbiero.it INSTALLATION CENTER Cookie Policy Back to top Powered by Fas-net Full Communication Group - all rights reserved