Car overhaul Vicenza - Autofficina Barbiero Toggle navigation Home page Who we are Our services Cleaning of hydrogen engine Installation of LPG on diesel Washing of injection systems Maintenance Tire change Revision center Air conditioner refilling Maintenance of automatic transmissions Online overhauling Contacts Blog REVISIONS Revision authorized center in Vicenza The overhaul auto is a mandatory inspection provided by the Highway Code on motor vehicles, aimed at verifying their safety conditions, the level of polluting emissions and noise, in compliance with the standards prescribed by international and national regulations. The car inspection must be done, the first time, after 4 years from the registration of the vehicle and every 2 years for subsequent times. In both cases, the deadline is within the end of the month in which the first registration was made. If it does not seem clear to you, here is a simple calculation on the deadlines of the review if, hypothetically, you registered the car in November 2015: - First car revision: add 4 years, the deadline will be by November 30, 2019; - The following ones: add 2 years from time to time, the deadline will be by 30 November 2021, 30 November 2023, etc. Book your revision You can book the revision online through revisionionline.com. Log in using the BOOK YOUR REVIEW button and click on ENTER AS GUEST and follow the instructions. What checks are carried out? The overhaul serves to verify that the initial homologation conditions of the car are maintained over time. Specifically, the following occurs: - brake operation; - fluidity of the steering; - that visibility is optimal; - the operation of the electrical system; - wear of pneumatic axles and suspensions; - the integrity of the frame; - regularity of noise and exhaust gases; - approved equipment. What happens if the help doesn't pass the review? If the vehicle is considered outside the legal parameters, the overhaul has a negative result. In this case on the label it can be written "REPEAT" or "SUSPENDED BY CIRCULATION". In the first case, the vehicle can circulate for a month, within which it will have to make the repairs shown on the label and undergo a new overhaul. If, on the other hand, the vehicle is suspended, it means that the conditions of the vehicle are serious and circulation is only allowed up to the workshop that will carry out the necessary repairs. What penalties are incurred when driving with an unrevised vehicle? The fine for circulating with a revision not carried out within the set deadline ranges from € 159 to € 639. Furthermore, if you drive with a vehicle that has repeatedly omitted the overhaul checks, you risk a fine ranging from € 1,842 to € 7,396 arriving at the accessory administrative sanction of the vehicle's administrative stop for 90 days. The registration document will therefore be withdrawn, which can be obtained only after passing the revision at the Civil Motorization. In the event of a false revision, the ancillary sanction of the administrative confiscation of the vehicle is applied to which an administrative sanction will be added which will vary between € 398 and € 1,596. Car inspections: a new protocol for procedures From 1 January 2015, workshops and centers authorized by the Ministry of Transport to carry out periodic vehicle inspections are required to comply with a new communication protocol called MCTC NET2. the introduction of this protocol responds to the need to align with the European directives on the transmission of traceable data (Directive 45/2014 / EU). The authorized revision centers must therefore have anti-counterfeiting software on the Booking PC and Station PC, the one connected to the equipment and updating the equipment (such as, for example, the brake test bench, the sound level meter, the exhaust gas analyzer , the headlight tester, etc.). the update concerns both lines for motor vehicles up to 3.5t and lines for mopeds and 2/3/4 wheel motorcycles. How much does the overhaul cost? As for the rate of the revisions, it is divided as follows: - Mandatory periodic revision € 54.90 - MCTC payment € 10.20 - Postage costs € 1.78 TOTAL € 66.88 + VAT TOTAL REVISION COST € 66.88 Mechatronics Tire change convergence Authorized overhaul center Injection system washing Recharge air conditioner Maintenance of automatic transmissions Calibration of ADAS cameras Mobile workshop and tow truck BARBIERO CSA SRL Via Fornace 137 36050 Bressanvido (VI) Tel. 0444660518 Fax 0444660518 VAT: 04179540242 info@autofficinabarbiero.it INSTALLATION CENTER Cookie Policy Back to top Powered by Fas-net Full Communication Group - all rights reserved