grewe group - Welcome to grewe! Company Family business Our mission statement Managing Director Facts / Figures / Facts grewe group company profiles Services Gardening and landscaping Green and open space management Special services References Locations / Contact News Careers Job offers Pupils Training Dual study program Young professionals Specialists Career changers Unsolicited application Current information Dear customers and business partners, hardly any other topic is involved not only the media but now all areas of daily life more than the current situation around the corona virus. Of course, we too deal with this state of emergency and take precautions to survive the Corona crisis as unscathed as possible. This does not only mean that our employees have been instructed to adapt their behavior and hygiene regulations in accordance with the recommendations of the health authorities. We have canceled or postponed our internal, cross-location workshops, meetings and events. Within the grewe group, we also react promptly to the additional need for home workplaces and make them available at short notice. Of course, all employees are instructed to stay at home in the event of illness symptoms in order not to endanger colleagues and / or customers. Of course, we continue to ensure that our orders are executed on time and in the usual quality. The grewe group has taken various internal measures to enable day-to-day business to be carried out as usual at the current time. We sincerely hope that we will all survive this crisis healthily - both personally and economically. Your grewe group We create green worlds. As a family-run group of companies, we are your powerful partner in gardening and landscaping. We offer you the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Around 600 qualified employees at locations in northern and central Germany do their work with professionalism and passion. We focus on sustainability, reliability, economic solutions and fair cooperation. This is how we create, maintain and increase values. Our business areas gardening and landscaping green and open space management special services servicesWe offer our customers the complete value chain from a single source. The grewe group employs experts from all areas of gardening and landscaping. Well-structured work planning, organization and logistics ensure cost-effective and optimal execution for projects of all sizes. We offer you, among other things: Tree felling crane Tree care Tree nursery Planning department Playground controls Winter service Fence and metal construction 4,500 DEVICES AND VEHICLES 600MITARBEITER60MIO. ANNUAL SALES The before and after effectOne of our flagship projects is the “Überseepark”. On behalf of Wirtschaftsförderung Bremen GmbH, the grewe group has created a green oasis in the west of Bremen. The construction work with earthworks and vegetation work, road construction, drainage and asphalt work took about 1 year. The completion and development maintenance of the green areas took 5 years. A playground with a play ship, cable car and skate track was built. On around 2.5 hectares, the park invites you to relax, play and do sports. To the projectView all projects A project exampleLorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. Integer tincidunt. Cras dapibus. Vivamus elementum semper nisi. Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus. Aenean leo ligula, porttitor eu, consequat vitae, eleifend ac, enim. View all projects Current lecture about the oak procession spinner12. May 2020Read More Search the web and do green11. May 2020Read More First natural playground in Bremerhaven8. May 2020Read More “In order to spend more time with my family, I wanted to reduce my working hours. Fortunately, my boss understood that. After all, it's just a matter of organization. When my daughter is older, I can increase my hours every week. ”Jan, workshop manager at Grewe's repair service“ My father worked at grewe for many years until he retired. And he made sure that I got a permanent job here. I am still grateful to him for that today. I like to work at grewe and have great colleagues. For me, grewe also means family. ”Sahin, foreman at GGS Bremen Always on the move We currently employ around 600 people at 19 locations in northern Germany and train apprentices in 5 apprenticeships. When are you coming to grewe? Apply now! Our locations With locations in Rotenburg (Wümme), Braunschweig, Bremen, Bremerhaven / Cuxhaven, Hamburg, Hanover, Magdeburg, Osnabrück, Walsrode and Wolfsburg, the grewe group is well positioned in the north and center of Germany. We offer you a comprehensive range of services, including a fleet of machines related to gardening and landscaping, as well as professional green and open space management. We are looking forward to meet you! As a family-run group of companies, we are your powerful and fair partner in gardening and landscaping. With us you get the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Together we create green worlds. Certificates Show all certifications All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies in our privacy policy. More informationAccepted!