grewe group - The company grewe introduces itself Company Family company Our mission statement Managing Director Facts / Figures / Facts grewe group company profiles Services Gardening and landscaping Green and open space management Special services References Locations / Contact News Careers Job offers Pupils Training Dual studies Professional entrants Specialists Career changers Unsolicited application grewe Introducing yourselfThis is how the landscaping company ticks As a family-run group of companies, we are your powerful partner in gardening and landscaping. We offer you the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Almost 600 qualified employees work at locations all over Northern Germany with professionalism and passion. We focus on sustainability, reliability, economic solutions and fair cooperation. This is how we create, maintain and increase values. In summer 2017 we united all companies of the grewe group under a common brand and image, as an external sign of our inner attitude. Because together we create green worlds! Grewe is a family business. We attach great importance to our employees being able to identify with the company and their work. The third generation of the holding company is run by Julia Grewe-Schwardt. Find out who the other heads of the group of companies are here. Find out more Figures / data / facts How efficient is the grewe group? How many machines are in the fleet? How long has grewe been around? On the following page you will find more data and facts about grewe. The grewe group offers the complete portfolio of gardening and landscaping, green and open space management as well as numerous special services. In 2017, all of the grewe group's companies were united under a common trademark and image. About the companyLust for new challenges? Become a member of the grewe group! We are always looking for motivated employees. Take a look at our career portal! Always on the move We currently employ around 600 people at 19 locations in northern Germany and train apprentices in 5 apprenticeships. When are you coming to grewe? Apply now! Our locations With locations in Rotenburg (Wümme), Braunschweig, Bremen, Bremerhaven / Cuxhaven, Hamburg, Hanover, Magdeburg, Osnabrück, Walsrode and Wolfsburg, the grewe group is well positioned in the north and center of Germany. We offer you a comprehensive range of services, including a fleet of machines related to gardening and landscaping, as well as professional green and open space management. We are looking forward to meet you! As a family-run group of companies, we are your powerful and fair partner in gardening and landscaping. With us you get the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Together we create green worlds. Certificates Show all certifications All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies in our privacy policy. More informationAccepted!