grewe-gruppe - Careers at grewe companies Family-owned companies Our mission statement Managing Director Facts / Figures / Facts grewe-gruppe company profiles Services Gardening and landscaping Green and open space management Special services References Locations / Contact News Careers Job offers Pupils Training Dual studies Young professionals Specialists lateral applicants Unsolicited application “So that I can do more To spend time with my family, I wanted to reduce my working hours. Fortunately, my boss understood that. After all, it's just a matter of organization. When my daughter is older, I can increase my hours every week. ”Jan, workshop manager at Grewe's repair service“ My father worked at grewe for many years until he retired. And he made sure that I got a permanent job here. I am still grateful to him for that today. I like to work at grewe and have great colleagues. For me, grewe also means family. ”Sahin, foreman at GGS Bremen Careers at greweTeamplayer, our family company is now in its third generation. Behind all the large and small garden and landscaping projects that the grewe group has implemented in over 60 years are our almost 600 employees who are passionate and committed to their jobs. At grewe, trained technicians, masters and engineers have good career opportunities as well as skilled and unskilled specialists. Every single employee, no matter what job, contributes to the success of the company. That is why we promote the interests of our employees and take their needs seriously. That is what makes grewe what we are proud of. Regarding job vacancies as an employer, a small family business has developed into a steadily growing group with increasing skills over the years. As quickly as our range of services grew, so did the work requirements and demands of our employees. Our task is to train our staff as best as possible and to support their development. We try to accommodate personal wishes and concerns to a large extent in order to avoid fluctuation in the team and to be able to offer our customers first-class work. Every single employee, whether engineer or paper collector, is a valuable part of the grewe group. Everyone can count on it! So that our employees feel comfortable with us, we offer them, for example: Individual advanced training and further education opportunities Very good career and career opportunities Flat hierarchies and quick decision-making channels More on the benefits for employees grewe offers excellent career prospects: For pupils For trainees For prospective students For Career starters For specialists For career changers Work for grewe - this is where people count! Sarah Klein HR developer Simone Weber HR officer Janine Kiupel HR developer (currently on parental leave) Anna Wetjen HR developer (currently on parental leave) “This is my dream job.” I am training as a garden and landscape gardener at grewe. At first, I wasn't sure whether I would be accepted as a woman in this male-dominated industry. But at grewe we all pull together. In return, that means that as a woman I don't get any extra sausages. For me, that's totally fine - I really enjoy working with a spade and saw! Maybe the job is something for you too? Good luck with your application! Yours Susanne Always on the move We currently employ around 600 people at 19 locations in northern Germany and train apprentices in 5 apprenticeships. When are you coming to grewe? Apply now! Our locations With locations in Rotenburg (Wümme), Braunschweig, Bremen, Bremerhaven / Cuxhaven, Hamburg, Hanover, Magdeburg, Osnabrück, Walsrode and Wolfsburg, the grewe group is well positioned in the north and center of Germany. We offer you a comprehensive range of services, including a fleet of machines related to gardening and landscaping, as well as professional green and open space management. We are looking forward to meet you! As a family-run group of companies, we are your powerful and fair partner in gardening and landscaping. With us you get the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Together we create green worlds. Certificates Show all certifications All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies in our privacy policy. More informationAccepted!