Lecture about the oak processionary moth - grewe group company family business Our mission statement managing director Figures / data / facts grewe group company profiles Services gardening and landscaping green and open space management special services references locations / contact news career job offers schoolchildren dual study apprenticeship skilled workers lateral entrants speculative application 12. May 2020 Lecture about the oak processionary moth Spring is here and the caterpillars of the oak processionary moth (EPS) are returning. The dangerous pests attack entire trees and are spreading more and more in northern Germany. At Grewe & Jäger Braunschweig GmbH, Henning Buchmann, construction manager tree care, is the specialist when it comes to dangerous caterpillars. The road maintenance department of the district of Wolfenbüttel therefore invited him to bring the topic of oak procession moths closer to the employees at an information lecture - of course in compliance with the currently applicable distance and hygiene rules. The lecture started with an insight into the biology and occurrence of the EPS, led to the handling of the oak procession spinner and the early detection, confusion towards health effects on humans and of course the control options. This means that the road maintenance staff are well equipped to handle the EPS. Search the web and do something greenOverview About usAs a family-run group of companies, we are your powerful and fair partner in gardening and landscaping. With us you get the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Together we create green worlds. Certificates Show all certifications All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies in our privacy policy. More informationAccepted!