grewe-gruppe - Facts / Figures / Facts Company Family Business Our Mission Statement Managing Director Facts / Figures / Facts grewe-gruppe Company Profiles Services Gardening and Landscaping Green and Open Space Management Special Services References Locations / Contact Current Careers Job Opportunities School Students Training Dual Studies Career Entry Specialists Career Opportunities Unsolicited Application Numbers / Facts / facts about grewe The grewe family business was founded in 1950. To date, the grewe group has continued to develop, expand and expand its range of services related to landscaping for the benefit of customers. A period of time that gives plenty of space for facts and figures. Find out more here! The grewe group currently employs around 600 people. The grewe group generates annual sales of 60 million euros. Our machine and vehicle fleet comprises around 4,500 devices and vehicles. The grewe group has 19 locations, mostly in northern Germany. Our clients come from the housing industry (45%), the public sector (including care 25%), business (25%) and private customers (5%). The grewe felling crane reaches a height of 32 m with a lifting capacity of 800 kg. The felling crane only needs one hour to cut a poplar with a diameter of 100 cm. The company was founded in 1950 by Hermann Grewe. We train in 5 professional fields: clerk for office management, mechanic for agricultural and construction machinery, and gardener for gardening and landscaping, consulting / sales and tree nursery. Since the company was founded, 150 trainees have graduated from us. Grewe's green space service looks after 20 million m² of space every year, including winter service and street and sidewalk cleaning. The grewe group currently employs around 600 people. The grewe group generates annual sales of 60 million euros. Our machine and vehicle fleet comprises around 4,500 devices and vehicles. The grewe group has 19 locations, mostly in northern Germany. Our clients come from the housing industry (45%), the public sector (including care 25%), business (25%) and private customers (5%). The grewe felling crane reaches a height of 32 m with a lifting capacity of 800 kg. The felling crane only needs one hour to cut a poplar with a diameter of 100 cm. The company was founded in 1950 by Hermann Grewe. We train in 5 professional fields: clerk for office management, mechanic for agricultural and construction machinery, and gardener for gardening and landscaping, consulting / sales and tree nursery. Since the company was founded, 150 trainees have graduated from us. The grewe green space service takes care of 20 million m² of space every year, including winter maintenance and street and sidewalk cleaning.PDF download About us With us you get the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Together we create green worlds. Certificates Show all certifications All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies in our privacy policy. More informationAccepted!