grewe group - the grewe group at a glance Company Family company Our mission statement Managing Director Facts / Figures / Facts grewe group company profiles Services Gardening and landscaping Green and open space management Special services References Locations / Contact News Careers Job offers Pupils Training Dual studies Professional entrants Specialists Career changers Unsolicited application Die grewe group Bundled competences The companies of the grewe group are not only linked by their common values, but also clearly visible through their common appearance: As a sign of their belonging, all companies and employees bear the green grewe leaf as a logo. The companies combine their different core competencies in gardening and landscaping, in green and open space management and in the area of ​​special services. In this way, we can map an enormous range of services for our customers in partnership. The holding company, the parent company of the grewe group, manages the coordination of the various trades. A system that has proven itself for years. Company structure HOLDING Grewe Holding GmbHGARDEN AND LANDSCAPE CONSTRUCTION Hermann Grewe GmbH Timbergreen Wehrs Garten- und Landschaftsbau GmbH Grewe & Jäger Braunschweig GmbH Grewe & Jäger Magdeburg GmbH Grewe & Jäger Wolfsburg GmbH Hanover GmbH Grewe green space service Osnabrück Grewe green space service Bremen GmbH SPECIAL SERVICES Schröder Zaunsysteme GmbH wire fence Heyer - branch of Schröder Zaunsysteme GmbH Grewe tree schools GmbH Sandkontor Grewe GmbH Grewe Friedhofsgärtnerei GmbH Grewe Handelskontor GmbH Grewe Reparaturservice GmbH download organizational chart and PDF as strategic strategy and operational decision-making procedures in the process of procedural rules in order to assist in the decision-making process in the strategic field of operation critical questions. To protect our employees and our company, we have therefore established a code of conduct. This applies to employees of the grewe group as well as to our partners and customers. The most important guidelines include fairness, responsibility, loyalty and honesty. You are welcome to download our Code of Conduct as a PDF file. PDF Download About usAs a family-run group of companies, we are your powerful and fair partner in gardening and landscaping. With us you get the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Together we create green worlds. Certificates Show all certifications All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies in our privacy policy. More informationAccepted!