grewe-gruppe - green and open space management company family business our mission statement managing director facts / figures / facts grewe-gruppe company profiles services gardening and landscaping green and open space management special services references locations / contact news careers job offers pupils apprenticeship dual study professional entry-level specialists speculative application green and Open space managementEverything in the green areaFrom the locations in Bremen, Cuxhaven, Hamburg, Hanover and Osnabrück, we look after around 8.5 million m² of outdoor facilities in properties of the municipal and private housing sector and around 3.5 million m² of outdoor facilities in commercial, Service and industrial sector. The long-term maintenance of green areas and sports facilities, the maintenance of outdoor facilities, winter maintenance and street and sidewalk cleaning are part of the daily work routine. In addition, we are happy to develop multi-year concepts for the "design maintenance" of residential complexes for our customers, in which existing qualities and structures of the green spaces are gradually developed. All services at a glance Winter serviceWe assume the obligation to provide traffic safety for private and public sidewalks, entrances and exits, parking lots and commercial spaces. Our team clears and scatters your traffic areas in any weather - with grit and sand if possible. We continuously check the current situation, including on Sundays and public holidays. Planting area maintenanceWe create multi-year concepts for "design maintenance", in which the existing qualities and structures of the green areas are worked out step by step. Colorful foliage in autumn is nice to look at, but rather on the trees. We ensure the sustainable removal of leaves from streets, sidewalks and parks. We can also carry out checks for stability and breakage on request. The maintenance and repair of playgrounds and play equipment has been part of our service portfolio for years. A green area is subject to the natural seasons and environmental conditions. In the case of repair work, we repair minor damage that has occurred, for example, due to the weather. Eliminating defects is also part of this. Playing sand exchange and cleaning The sand in playgrounds has to be cleaned or even replaced at regular intervals for hygienic reasons. Thanks to our bulk goods trading, we can react flexibly if necessary. Hedging, shrub and plant pruning To support healthy plant growth and maintain an attractive overall picture, our experts prune hedges, shrubs, shrubs and trees. Tree felling and maintenance work (felling crane) We clear construction sites and cut down trees, including the energy recovery of materials. In hard-to-reach places, even downhill, we can do it quickly, safely and cheaply with our felling crane. This has the greatest range and highest conversion speed in Germany. Thanks to its L-profile and swiveling supports, it reaches over obstacles. The tree felling crane in details The access prohibitions of Section 44 BNatSchG and the requirements of licensing authorities must be observed. In order to ensure that our project runs as smoothly as possible, we employ a team of graduate biologists, state nurses and tree specialists who quickly develop proposals for solutions and coordinate work steps relevant to environmental protection to protect small water bodies and plant and animal populations. Intensive lawn care, from utility turf to sports turf An ornamental turf naturally requires a different maintenance than a much-used sports turf. Appropriately, we can offer you the best treatment for your green spaces. Parking area and sidewalk cleaning Around shopping centers, but also in residential and commercial areas, dirt and dust can quickly accumulate on the streets. Our staff reliably removes debris from green and gray areas. Professional tree care is an important part of our diverse range. You can expect tree care from us at the highest level, implemented by constantly trained staff with state-of-the-art machines and systems. We carry out professional and appropriate tree checks and detailed investigations for you - gladly also as a flat rate, including the assumption of the traffic safety obligation for the tree population. Your contact person Do you have any questions? We would be happy to advise you! By phone at 04261 9708-0 or via email to info@grewe-gruppe.de. To contact About usAs a family-run group of companies, we are your efficient and fair partner in gardening and landscaping. With us you get the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Together we create green worlds. Certificates Show all certifications All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies in our privacy policy. More informationAccepted!