grewe-gruppe - starting your career the easy way Family-owned company Our mission statement Managing Director Facts / Figures / Facts grewe-gruppe company profiles Services Gardening and landscaping Green and open space management Special services References Locations / Contact News Careers Job offers Schoolchildren Training Dual studies Young professionals Specialists career changers Unsolicited application Training and studies in a theoretical field Combine knowledge and practical experience in the best possible way Are you faced with the choice of studying or training after successfully completing school? Why not combine both - with a dual degree at grewe. Vocational training as a gardener specializing in gardening and landscaping is combined with a university of applied sciences degree in landscaping, which leads to a Bachelor of Engineering degree. For you, this means: You first complete a training part in a company at grewe, then study for two semesters at the university and then continue your training in the company until the end. You will then return to the university to complete your studies. You take the final exam in front of the Chamber of Agriculture. And the best thing is: The grewe group not only supports you during your apprenticeship in the company - we also subsidize your theoretical phases at the university. Advantages Due to the close interlinking of studies and training, the dual study program offers an optimal mix of theory and practice. Close contact between the university and the company offers the security of acquiring all the knowledge and skills required in the professional field The authorities therefore always design and offer a current and future-oriented training program At a glance Admission requirements: General or subject-specific higher education entrance qualification or technical college entrance qualification Training duration: 2 years (in a company of the grewe group), 3 years (at the Ostwestfalen-Lippe University of Applied Sciences, Höxter location) : Winter semester (October) Subsidies also during the university phases We look forward to your application! Please send your written application by email to our HR officer Simone Weber: jobs@grewe-gruppe.de Or you can apply by post: Grewe Holding GmbH z. H. Simone Weber Knickchaussee 9 27356 Rotenburg (Wümme) For advance information you can contact us at: 04261 9708-0 About us As a family-run group of companies, we are your efficient and fair partner in gardening and landscaping. With us you get the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Together we create green worlds. Certificates Show all certifications All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies in our privacy policy. More informationAccepted!