grewe-gruppe - The grewe tree felling crane Company Family company Our mission statement Managing Director Figures / Facts / Figures grewe-gruppe company profiles Services Gardening and landscaping Green and open space management Special services References Locations / Contact News Careers Job offers Pupils Training Dual studies Young professionals Specialists lateral entrants Unsolicited application The grewe felling craneFlexible Thanks to our felling crane, we can do tree felling in hard-to-reach places flexibly, quickly, safely and cheaply. No matter whether planned long-term or in case of short-term needs, e.g. B. for clearing fallen trees after storms. Our crane has the longest reach and the highest transfer speed in Germany. It reaches 32 m up and 24 m to the side. So obstacles are not a problem. You can even work on steep slopes. Due to the effective way of working, we need less personnel for felling and are also significantly faster than with motor-manual technology. That makes the whole job much cheaper. Only a trained machinist is required. A tree climber is not required. You can't get any better! Our tree felling crane in action Fast After heavy storms e.g. B. a short-term tree felling is often necessary. Even then, we can be flexibly booked with the grewe felling crane and quickly on site. Because our four-axle MAN carrier vehicle travels a whole 85 km / h. It is not considered a heavy transport and therefore does not have to meet any special requirements. Felling is also much quicker with a crane than with other methods: while the grewe felling crane takes just one hour to fade a poplar tree with a diameter of 100 cm, a team with three well-trained loggers and a lift climber takes a whole day. Safe When working with the grewe felling crane, nobody has to climb the tree, no one has to instruct the machine operator in a complicated way. The crane has radio control, which allows the foreman to position himself optimally. The radio control has a weight display, which enables precise and safe working. In addition, the grewe felling crane can hold crown parts securely and deposit them in a controlled manner or pack them in appropriate containers. The crown parts are much larger in comparison to motorized felling and can even be used or processed even further. You only need a trained machine operator to work with the grewe felling crane, nobody else is in the danger zone. Favorably short set-up times ensure greater productivity. Due to its high performance, the grewe felling crane is the cheapest way to remove a tree. Several skilled workers and various technical machines are normally required to fell a poplar with a diameter of 100 centimeters by means of a lifting platform. The situation is different when felling a poplar with the grewe felling crane. Fewer personnel and fewer machines are required. This means that fewer hours are worked. Felling with the grewe felling crane can save up to 40% of the costs. Flexible The grewe felling crane has the greatest reach and the highest transfer speed in Germany. It reaches 32 m upwards with a load capacity of 800 kg. It can handle 25 m at the side with a load capacity of up to 400 kg - making it stronger than a mobile excavator or telescopic loader. Thanks to its L-profile, it can even reach over obstacles such as noise barriers or other trees. It has swiveling supports on the driver's side, which enables it to work over guard rails. It can also work comfortably downhill, with the grewe felling crane 3 m below ground - and this with a lifting capacity of up to 1,000 kg. As a family-run group of companies, we are your powerful and fair partner in gardening and landscaping. With us you get the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Together we create green worlds. Certificates Show all certifications All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies in our privacy policy. More informationAccepted!