grewe-gruppe - our services company family-owned company our mission statement managing director facts / figures / facts grewe-group company profiles services gardening and landscaping green and open space management special services references locations / contact news career job offers schoolchildren apprenticeship dual studies young professionals skilled job changers speculative application our services everything from one source as family-run group of companies we are your powerful partner in gardening and landscaping. We offer you the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Almost 600 qualified employees at locations in northern and central Germany do their work with professionalism and passion. We focus on sustainability, reliability and economic solutions. Fair cooperation is just as important to us within the grewe group as it is with our partners and customers. With sophisticated work planning, organization and logistics, we guarantee cost-effective and optimal execution for projects of all sizes. Green and open space management A total of four companies in the grewe group with more than 250 employees operate under the company name Grewe green space service. Some of our companies specialize in certain services and offers. Discover grewe's diverse range of services. Germany's largest felling crane ... ... you can book with grewe! The grewe felling crane can safely remove and load an entire tree in just one hour - on any site. Learn more! Planning and engineering servicesFrom (preliminary) design to implementation planning to detailed studies - our planning department develops construction projects in the areas of new construction as well as the renewal and redesign of existing outdoor facilities. Learn more! As a family-run group of companies, we are your powerful and fair partner in gardening and landscaping. With us you get the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Together we create green worlds. Certificates Show all certifications All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies in our privacy policy. More informationAccepted!