grewe group - grewe company profiles Company Family company Our mission statement Managing Director Facts / Figures / Facts grewe group company profiles Services Gardening and landscaping Green and open space management Special services References Locations / Contact News Careers Job offers Pupils Training Dual studies Young professionals Specialists Career changers Unsolicited application Company profilesWe are grewe- After years of successful cooperation, in 2017 we united all companies in the grewe group under a common trademark and image. In this way we show our inner attitude: Sustainability, reliability and fair cooperation are the focus of all of us. Together we can offer our customers in northern Germany a wide range of services in the areas of gardening and landscaping, green space management, tree care, fence construction as well as planning and engineering services. A cemetery nursery and a tree nursery complete our range of services. This is how we create green worlds together! Company Grewe Holding The grewe group includes various companies from the fields of gardening and landscaping as well as green and open space management. The smooth management of all associated companies is the responsibility of Grewe Holding. Topics such as purchasing, accounting, marketing, personnel development, controlling and much more are bundled here. The family company is headquartered in Rotenburg (Wümme) in Lower Saxony. Family company Grewe Holding GmbH Grewe Holding GmbH Knickchaussee 9/27356 Rotenburg / Wümme T (0 42 61) 97 08-0 E info@grewe-gruppe.de grewe-gruppe-harald-bredehoeft Grewe Holding The grewe-Gruppe includes various companies from the Areas of gardening and landscaping as well as green and open space management. The smooth management of all associated companies is the responsibility of Grewe Holding. Topics such as purchasing, accounting, marketing, personnel development, controlling and much more are bundled here. The family company is headquartered in Rotenburg an der Wümme in Lower Saxony. Family businesses Hermann Grewe and Timbergreen The main areas of application of the company Hermann Grewe are Bremen, Hanover and Hamburg. This is where the company takes care ... Wehrs Garten- und LandschaftsbauWehrs specialists have been planning and building attractive outdoor facilities for the ... grewe & jägergrewe & jäger is the youngest partner of the grewe group and operates in the Braunschweig / Wolfsburg region as well in Magdeburg in Saxony-Anhalt ... Grewe tree careFor all services related to the tree we have a special department: the tree care department ... Grewe green area serviceA total of four companies in the grewe group operate under the company name Grewe green area service. From the ... Grewe NurseriesThe grewe group attaches great importance to the use and delivery of high quality plants. ... Grewe Friedhofsgärtnerei In 1979 Ulrike and Peter Grewe founded Grewe Friedhofsgärtnerei GmbH. Today the cemetery nursery is a subsidiary of ... Grewe Repair ServiceThe grewe group can deliver all services quickly and reliably. On the one hand, this is due to the fact that we are ... Sandkontor GreweSand is essential for many construction works and green space concepts. The grewe group also has a constant need ... Drahtzaun Heyer and Schröder ZaunsystemeWire fence Heyer has been part of the grewe group since 2008, followed in 2017 by Hartmut Schröder with Schröder Zaunsysteme. The specialist companies ... Garten GreweThe grewe group works closely with the Gartencenter Garten Grewe. The company is managed by ... About usAs a family-run group of companies, we are your efficient and fair partner in gardening and landscaping. With us you get the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Together we create green worlds. Certificates Show all certifications All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies in our privacy policy. More informationAccepted!