grewe-group - special services for all aspects of landscaping companies family businesses our mission statement managing director facts / figures / facts grewe-group company profiles services gardening and landscaping green and open space management special services references locations / contact news careers job offers schoolchildren apprenticeship dual study apprentices skilled workers career changers speculative application special servicesspecial services For special requirements In addition to the extensive services in green and open space management as well as gardening and landscaping, the grewe group also offers various special services related to gardening and landscaping. Thanks to our wide range of skills, we can meet all requirements with reliable service from a single source. Just talk to us. We will certainly find a tailor-made solution concept for your needs, which we would be happy to implement professionally for you. All services at a glance Nurseries Our high quality plants traditionally come from our own nursery. On more than 30 hectares, we are dedicated to growing avenue trees, specimen shrubs and ground cover. If a purchase is desired, our tree nursery supports you with his specialist knowledge. Grewe Nursery is also happy to supply other gardening and landscaping companies, retail and commercial operations, as well as municipalities. Our garden center Garten Grewe is characterized by a loving design, high-quality goods and extremely competent advice. On 2,000 m² of covered sales area and in a 5,000 m² outdoor area you will find countless plants and decorative products. Events such as the Advent exhibition or the lawn seminar are particularly popular. For the branches "Jette C." in Rotenburg and Soltau, the managing directors Jette and Ulrike Grewe always collect new trade fair trends from Hamburg to Paris. Fence and metal constructionFor the fence, playground and timber construction, the specialist companies Schröder Fence Systems and Wire Fence Heyer are responsible in the grewe group. In addition to inexpensive standard solutions, the portfolio also includes individual design options and highly competent advice. Grewe Friedhofsgärtnerei GmbH is voluntarily subject to regular control by the Northwest German Horticultural Association and provides for the care and maintenance of grave sites and the maintenance of the cemeteries in Rotenburg (Wümme), Ottersberg and Zeven. We also create individual funeral arrangements and floral decorations for funerals. Sand and bulk goods trade There is always great demand for sand and bulk goods. For this reason, Sandkontor Grewe GmbH was founded in 2003 with its own sand pit. In the meantime, around 3 million m³ of sand are available at our location in Bittstedt, which are reliably delivered by our company's own trucks. In addition, we also offer you the finishing of substrates. Your contact person Do you have any questions? We would be happy to advise you! By phone at 04261 9708-0 or via email to info@grewe-gruppe.de. To contact About usAs a family-run group of companies, we are your efficient and fair partner in gardening and landscaping. With us you get the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Together we create green worlds. Certificates Show all certifications All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies in our privacy policy. More informationAccepted!