grewe-gruppe - starting your career the easy way Family-owned company Our mission statement Managing Director Facts / Figures / Facts grewe-gruppe company profiles Services Gardening and landscaping Green and open space management Special services References Locations / Contact News Careers Job offers Pupils Training Dual studies Young professionals Specialists Career changers Unsolicited application Easy career entryGood perspectives, Good team As a constantly growing company, grewe offers the ideal start to the job for young professionals. Flat hierarchies and a friendly working atmosphere create a pleasant working environment. Our modern machine and vehicle fleet, including the company's own repair service, enables fast and precise work. Grewe also attaches great importance to security, fairness and family friendliness. This means that young mothers and fathers can also expect good career and training opportunities from us. We always find a solution that everyone is happy with! Our job offers for job starters foremen (m / f / d) in the area of ​​new construction in Bremerhaven, Cuxhaven To offer construction manager in gardening and landscaping with a focus on new construction (m / f / d) Bremen (m / f / d) in the area of ​​green space management Bremen To the offer agricultural mechanic or mechanic or deputy workshop manager (m / f / d) Hamburg To the offer employees and foremen (m / f / d) in the area of ​​new construction Braunschweig, Bremen, Magdeburg, Osnabrück , Wolfsburg To offer foreman / gardener / stone setter (m / f / d) Bomlitz, Braunschweig, Magdeburg, Wolfsburg To offer tree care employees (m / f / d) Braunschweig, Bremen, Hamburg, Hanover, Magdeburg, Wolfsburg To offer employee (m / f / d) in the area of ​​new buildings in Hanover, Magdeburg To offer garden helpers (m / f / d) Braunschweig, Hanover, Hamburg, Magdeburg, Wolfsburg To offer gardeners (m / f / d) as foremen Hamburg To offer employees and foremen ( m / f / d) in the green area maintenance Braunschweig, Bremen, Hanover, Magdeburg, Osnabrück, Wolfsburg To the offer About us As a family-run group of companies, we are your powerful and fair partner in gardening and landscaping. With us you get the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Together we create green worlds. Certificates Show all certifications All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies in our privacy policy. More informationAccepted!