grewe group - unsolicited application! Company Family company Our mission statement Managing Director Facts / Figures / Facts grewe group company profiles Services Gardening and Landscaping Green and Open Space Management Special Services References Locations / Contact News Careers Job Opportunities Schoolchildren Training Dual Studies Career Entry Specialists Career Opportunities Unsolicited Application Unsolicited application! Maybe we just missed you. We are always looking for motivated and qualified employees in all areas of work. Young company growth is just as welcome with us as experienced specialist staff. We can also offer career changers and part-time employees a place in our team. Become part of a well-known company that is known in the landscaping industry for its first-class work, modern technology and fair treatment of people and resources. We are looking forward to your application! Please send your written application by email to our HR officer Simone Weber: jobs@grewe-gruppe.de Or you can apply by post: Grewe Holding GmbH z. H. Simone Weber Knickchaussee 9 27356 Rotenburg (Wümme) For advance information you can reach us at: 04261 9708-0 Privacy Notice With your application you agree that your applicant data will be processed by Grewe Holding GmbH. You can revoke this consent at any time by emailing jobs@grewe-gruppe.de. Further information on data protection can be found here. If you do not consent to the processing of your data by Grewe Holding GmbH, we cannot process your application for organizational and data protection reasons. As a family-run group of companies, we are your powerful and fair partner in gardening and landscaping. With us you get the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Together we create green worlds. Certificates Show all certifications All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies in our privacy policy. More informationAccepted!