grewe-gruppe - planning and engineering services company family business our mission statement managing director facts / figures / facts grewe-gruppe company profiles services gardening and landscaping green and open space management special services references locations / contact news careers job offers pupils apprenticeship dual studies young professionals skilled job changers speculative application planning and Engineering servicesEverything starts with a good plan.From the start to the end of the order, our customers receive a complete service from a single source. This is preceded by the professional planning and execution of projects, including holistic cost estimates. We take care of the planning and development of offers for projects in residential construction, commercial construction as well as for general contractors and private customers based on classic architectural services. As an execution company with more than 60 years of industry knowledge, we understand how to integrate various interests and points of view in the planning process, to bring the content together and to understand its complexity in an understandable way. That is why our engineers, landscape architects and concept developers plan every project in a practical and forward-looking manner. Of course, we advise you comprehensively on design options, taking your budget into account. In addition, our employees also consider the follow-up costs of maintaining the system, create offers for optimization and point out how, for example, vandalism damage can be avoided. The grewe team is happy to think ahead for you! We always have the development potential of your system in mind over the entire life cycle. You will receive modern, well-kept surfaces from us that not only look good, but also create quality of life. Also technically well-equipped From (preliminary) design through implementation planning to detailed studies that can be visualized with the help of 3D models - we develop construction projects in the areas of new construction as well as the renewal and redesign of existing outdoor facilities. We rely on modern hardware and software, such as CAD, and, if necessary, on the electro-optical site survey. Our experienced specialist staff can precisely assess design and plant technology options and quickly include your individual requirements in the planning. We improve the quality of stay and addressing of apartment blocks so that people can identify with their living environment again. How we plan - Kita Pavenstedt, Bremen Task: Development of the outdoor facilities of a day care center against a monument preservation background Details: The outdoor facility includes a bakehouse with a stone oven and a small area in front for baking together and serves to learn independence and working together. An insect hotel invites you to observe and thanks to several raised beds with vegetables and herbs, the children learn how to manage green areas and the associated joy in harvesting. A small, round sunken garden complements the atelier located in the building and continues it in the outdoor area. In addition to a lawn area for free play, there is a wooden climbing course, a concrete wave and a sand play area including a nest swing. Everything starts with a sketch: This is how the first ideas were put on paper during the planning. In the second step, a free, creative preliminary design was created in which the outdoor area was described using words. 3D detailed studies helped to visualize individual areas. The detailed plan shows individual elements of the outdoor area - here, for example, the combination of a seating element, sand play and concrete shaft. The execution plan is drawn up in the final phase of planning - it contains all the exact information about the construction project. How we plan - Kita Pavenstedt, Bremen In the planning process and project management for outdoor facilities, the same questions are always in the foreground: what makes good outdoor facilities and what is needed at exactly this location? The exterior of a day care center was developed from the point of view of cost-effectiveness (construction costs) and in this case also against a background of monument protection. Children learn with all their senses and they need opportunities and places where they can develop and let their imaginations run wild. In terms of interior design, this means that shape, color and material stimulate and inspire the children's senses. Appealing design of the outdoor facilities on the Weißenberge by grewe Client: FRÖBEL Bildung und Erbildung Gemeinnützige GmbH, Berlin Planning period: 01-07 / 2018 Task: Development of the outdoor facilities of a daycare center against a historical monument background Details: The outdoor facility includes a bakehouse with a stone oven and a small area in front baking together, learning independence and working together. An insect hotel invites you to observe and thanks to several raised beds with vegetables and herbs, the children learn how to manage green areas and the associated joy in harvesting. A small, round sunken garden complements the atelier located in the building and continues it in the outdoor area. In addition to a lawn area for free play, there is a wooden climbing course, a concrete wave and a sand play area including a nest swing. As a family-run group of companies, we are your powerful and fair partner in gardening and landscaping. With us you get the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Together we create green worlds. Certificates Show all certifications All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies in our privacy policy. More informationAccepted!