grewe group - our mission statement at grewe companies family businesses our mission statement managing director facts / figures / facts grewe group company profiles services gardening and landscaping green and open space management special services references locations / contact news careers job offers schoolchildren apprenticeships dual study professionals entry-level applicants unsolicited application unsolicited application our mission statement As a family-run, dynamic group of companies, we are Northern Germany's market leader in gardening and landscaping. We cover the entire spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services. Over 60 years of working with natural resources have taught us respect and mindfulness. With this conviction, we not only maintain outdoor facilities of all sizes, but also all of our relationships - with customers, business partners and the people in our team. Around 600 qualified employees work at 19 locations with professionalism and passion. We attach great importance to sustainability, reliability, intensive support and fair cooperation. This is how we create, maintain and increase values. We create green worlds. Our mission statement Common paths to the goal. For us, good business cooperation means working respectfully, reliably and openly with each other on the same goal. That makes us a responsible and honest partner. Together we are strong. We rely on trusting and cooperative teamwork in our companies, whereby everyone bears responsibility for their area of ​​responsibility, uses synergies and builds strengths in the interests of the company. High quality at a fair price. With know-how and professionalism, we stand for high quality standards and compliance with the budget specifications of our clients. Everything from a single source: creating, maintaining, increasing values. We plan, build and maintain projects from S to XXL. We are available to our customers in an advisory capacity as supporters in every service phase and thus make a significant contribution to value creation. Conscientious use of materials and machines. We achieve our goals through the conscious, efficient use of our resources. Thanks to consistent separation and reprocessing, we optimize the recycling cycle. Shaping the future and developing. We expect our employees and managers to complete their tasks on time, in a quality and goal-oriented manner. We support them by consistently promoting and training them. Identification with profession and company. We work with passion and pride in the grewe group. This is reflected in our high quality services for our customers. Code of conduct rules help with strategic and operational decision-making processes and clarify critical questions in advance. To protect our employees and our company, we have therefore established a code of conduct. This applies to employees of the grewe group as well as to our partners and customers. The most important guidelines include fairness, responsibility, loyalty and honesty. You are welcome to download our Code of Conduct as a PDF file. PDF Download About usAs a family-run group of companies, we are your powerful and fair partner in gardening and landscaping. With us you get the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Together we create green worlds. Certificates Show all certifications All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies in our privacy policy. More informationAccepted!