grewe-gruppe - professional gardening and landscaping company family business our mission statement managing director facts / figures / facts grewe-gruppe company profiles services gardening and landscaping green and open space management special services references locations / contact news careers job offers schoolchildren dual study professional entrants unskilled applicants unsolicited application gardening and landscapingWe set standardsThe design of outdoor facilities requires carefully planned concepts and thorough preparation. The name grewe guarantees a high level of professionalism and individual, technically sophisticated solutions - from the green base to the complete design of large systems. Our customers rely on our competence. They rely on our good advice, expert support and our soft spot for individual problem solutions. Customers particularly appreciate our expertise and our performance in the housing industry, which enables us to implement very functional and representative outdoor facilities of all sizes. We offer a complete service from a single source to ensure that everything runs smoothly. All services at a glance Mechanical planting of flower bulbs We plant large, long-term flower bulbs for you using special planting machines - this gives you impressive and representative greenery for public green spaces, commercial properties and parks. There is a suitable onion mix for each planting area, a flowering period of up to three months is possible. Plan ahead: For a bloom in spring, planting takes place in September / October. Every project planning is implemented in close cooperation with our customers. In the construction of playgrounds, our tasks also include checks, maintenance and upkeep of the playgrounds and play equipment. This is how we create child-friendly play landscapes with swings and climbing towers that are fun and that meet the highest safety standards. We take care of drainage work in the field of dirty and rainwater on private land. This includes the construction of ducts, pipes and trenches of all sizes, as well as their planning. We are also happy to assist you in obtaining the relevant permits. In the public sector, we offer you these services in cooperation with appropriately certified partners. Timber construction (carports, bridges, footbridges) In the area of ​​timber construction, we can offer you the planning and implementation of diverse constructions. These include e.g. B. Carports, bridges and jetty. We also plan and build bicycle shelters and garbage housings for you. In the area of ​​roof gardens, we offer extensive maintenance work in addition to the essential vegetation work. Tree, shrub and perennial plantingsWe offer plantings of all sizes, including appropriate soil preparation and subsequent maintenance. We obtain the plants for this from our own nursery or with the expert support of our nursery master. We would also be happy to draw up planting plans for you and advise you on plant selection. Object and open space planning, planning of living environment measures We understand how to bring together different interests and take over the entire planning and execution of landscaping projects. All taking economic efficiency, functionality and increasing the quality of life for the residents into account. To the planning and engineering services Creation of condition reports and development concepts for green and open spaces, play and leisure areas Our development concepts for open, play and leisure areas include earthworks, road construction and playground construction. The grewe group also offers drainage and fence construction, including completion and development maintenance. From the entrance to the courtyard to the boulder wall, from the parking lot to the elaborately designed staircase: grewe Gala-Bau is the right contact for you. Our experienced employees also solve the challenges of difficult terrain gradients and area cuts. We would be happy to advise you on the choice of materials and questions regarding the suitable substructure and surface drainage. Ornamental, utility and sports lawn areas Of course, the creation of lawn areas is also part of our repertoire - from well-tended ornamental lawns to wildflower meadows, we are happy to work for you and also take care of the completion and development. Road safety checks; Creation, management and implementation of tree, playground and open space cadastres In this area we successfully implement projects with earthworks, drainage, path construction, playground construction, wood construction, vegetation work and fence construction. Your contact person Do you have any questions? We would be happy to advise you! By phone at 04261 9708-0 or via email to info@grewe-gruppe.de. To contact About usAs a family-run group of companies, we are your efficient and fair partner in gardening and landscaping. With us you get the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Together we create green worlds. Certificates Show all certifications All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies in our privacy policy. More informationAccepted!