grewe-gruppe - your training at grewe company family-owned company Our mission statement Managing Director Facts / Figures / Facts grewe-gruppe company profiles services gardening and landscaping green and open space management special services references locations / contact news careers job offers schoolchildren apprenticeship dual studies young professionals skilled job seekers unsolicited application create with us green worlds! APPLY NOW AND BE PART OF OUR TEAM! To the video Lorem Ipsum Dolor Med To the videoYour training at grewe is right with us! It is not for nothing that grewe has a name as a good instructor - we also offer something for this: personal support and guidance, the latest technical Equipment and very good opportunities for advancement and takeover. In addition there is remuneration above tariffs, various grants as well as a lot of variety and nice colleagues! We train in five apprenticeships: clerk for office management, agricultural and construction machinery mechatronic technician, as well as gardener in the fields of gardening and landscaping, tree nursery and tree nursery with a focus on "advising and selling". There is definitely something for you too! To make you feel that you are in good hands with us, we offer you many advantages that you as our trainee can benefit from. These include: Remuneration above tariffs Personal support and instructions from a cross-location training manager and our on-site trainers Very good chances of being hired and promoted State-of-the-art technical equipment Subsidies for work clothing Wide range of services And for everyone who wants to combine training with a university degree, we offer the dual degree program at. One of your advantages: We also subsidize you during the university phases. In the apprenticeship you will learn, for example, how to prepare, set up and measure construction sites, renovate and maintain floors, carry out irrigation and drainage work, pave and make paved surfaces, and do stone, wood and metal work with outdoor facilities Fence or make noise barriers Plant and care for trees, shrubs and summer flowers, sow lawn, lay turf, green roofs and facades, take care of nature and take care of the landscape.Gardener specializing in tree nursery.In training, you will learn, for example: growing and growing trees and trees.New varieties breed and refine trees and shrubs cutting cultivation areas with machines designing sales areas designing products for sale and sale advising customers and giving design tips for agricultural and construction machine mechatronics technicians During training, you will learn, for example: operating vehicles and systems Maintenance, testing and setting of vehicles and systems as well as operating equipment Assembly, dismantling and repair of components, assemblies and systems Limiting and determining errors, faults and their causes as well as assessing damage Repairing vehicles, systems and operating equipment Checking, Adjustment and connection of mechanical, hydraulic, pneumatic, electrical and electronic systems and systems Testing of exhaust gases and devices for emission reduction Installation of machines and systems Manufacture and testing of electrical power connections Equipping and retrofitting with accessories and additional devices Commissioning and decommissioning of vehicles, machines, Equipment and systems Julia is training as a gardener for gardening and landscaping. In the video, Julia shows what she has already learned in her training. She is familiar with various plants and trees and, of course, also knows how to operate the corresponding machines. You have to be able to get started and be flexible. Even in bad weather you can go outside. No problem for Julia. The trainee would choose the job again and again. She likes the variety that she has as a gardener. She can also go home feeling good at the end of the day. Because then Julia can see directly what she has achieved. Our training locations RotenburgBomlitzBraunschweigBremenCuxhavenHanoverMagdeburgWolfsburg To strengthen our team, we are looking for trainees (m / f / d) as gardeners in gardening and landscaping, gardeners specializing in tree nurseries and gardeners specializing in tree nurseries with a focus on "selling and advising" skilled in craftsmanship, easy to grab, like to work outdoors and know what to do with plants? Then we have a tip for you: our complex and demanding training as a gardener! Anyone who joins us will receive sound training that is as varied as it is professional - and also a lot of fun. That is why we expect something from you in return. You should have at least a secondary school leaving certificate. Be ready to do an internship so that we can get to know each other. Have a real interest in training in gardening and landscaping. We look forward to your application! Please send your written application by email to our HR officer Simone Weber: jobs@grewe-gruppe.de Or you can apply by post: Grewe Holding GmbH z. H. Simone Weber Knickchaussee 9 27356 Rotenburg (Wümme) For advance information you can reach us at: 04261 9708-0 To strengthen our team, we are looking for trainees for the training year August 2020 (m / f / d) as gardeners in gardening and landscaping , are good at packing, like to work outdoors and know what to do with plants? Then we have a tip for you: our complex and demanding training as a gardener! Anyone who joins us will receive sound training that is as varied as it is professional - and also a lot of fun. That is why we expect something from you in return. You should have at least a secondary school leaving certificate. Be ready to do an internship so that we can get to know each other. Have a real interest in training in gardening and landscaping. We look forward to your application! Please send your written application by email to our HR officer Simone Weber: jobs@grewe-gruppe.de Or you can apply by post: Grewe Holding GmbH z. H. Simone Weber Knickchaussee 9 27356 Rotenburg (Wümme) For advance information you can reach us at: 04261 9708-0 To strengthen our team, we are looking for trainees (m / f / d) as gardeners in gardening and landscaping for the training year August 2021 , are good at packing, like to work outdoors and know what to do with plants? Then we have a tip for you: our complex and demanding training as a gardener! Anyone who joins us will receive sound training that is as varied as it is professional - and also a lot of fun. That is why we expect something from you in return. You should have at least a secondary school leaving certificate. Be ready to do an internship so that we can get to know each other. Have a real interest in training in gardening and landscaping. We look forward to your application! Please send your written application by email to our HR officer Simone Weber: jobs@grewe-gruppe.de Or you can apply by post: Grewe Holding GmbH z. H. Simone Weber Knickchaussee 9 27356 Rotenburg (Wümme) For advance information you can reach us at: 04261 9708-0 To strengthen our team, we are looking for trainees (m / f / d) as gardeners in gardening and landscaping for the training year August 2021 , are good at packing, like to work outdoors and know what to do with plants? Then we have a tip for you: our complex and demanding training as a gardener! Anyone who joins us will receive sound training that is as varied as it is professional - and also a lot of fun. That is why we expect something from you in return. You should have at least a secondary school leaving certificate. Be ready to do an internship so that we can get to know each other. Have a real interest in training in gardening and landscaping. We look forward to your application! Please send your written application by email to our HR officer Simone Weber: jobs@grewe-gruppe.de Or you can apply by post: Grewe Holding GmbH z. H. Simone Weber Knickchaussee 9 27356 Rotenburg (Wümme) For advance information you can reach us at: 04261 9708-0 To strengthen our team, we are looking for trainees (m / f / d) as gardeners in gardening and landscaping for the training year August 2021 , are good at packing, like to work outdoors and know what to do with plants? Then we have a tip for you: our complex and demanding training as a gardener! Anyone who joins us will receive sound training that is as varied as it is professional - and also a lot of fun. That is why we expect something from you in return. You should have at least a secondary school leaving certificate. Be ready to do an internship so that we can get to know each other. Have a real interest in training in gardening and landscaping. We look forward to your application! Please send your written application by email to our HR officer Simone Weber: jobs@grewe-gruppe.de Or you can apply by post: Grewe Holding GmbH z. H. Simone Weber Knickchaussee 9 27356 Rotenburg (Wümme) For advance information you can reach us at: 04261 9708-0 To strengthen our team, we are looking for trainees for the training year August 2020 (m / f / d) as gardeners in gardening and landscaping , are good at packing, like to work outdoors and know what to do with plants? Then we have a tip for you: our complex and demanding training as a gardener! Anyone who joins us will receive sound training that is as varied as it is professional - and also a lot of fun. That is why we expect something from you in return. You should have at least a secondary school leaving certificate. Be ready to do an internship so that we can get to know each other. Have a real interest in training in gardening and landscaping. We look forward to your application! Please send your written application by email to our HR officer Simone Weber: jobs@grewe-gruppe.de Or you can apply by post: Grewe Holding GmbH z. H. Simone Weber Knickchaussee 9 27356 Rotenburg (Wümme) For advance information you can reach us at: 04261 9708-0 To strengthen our team, we are looking for trainees (m / f / d) as gardeners in gardening and landscaping for the training year August 2021 , are good at packing, like to work outdoors and know what to do with plants? Then we have a tip for you: our complex and demanding training as a gardener! Anyone who joins us will receive sound training that is as varied as it is professional - and also a lot of fun. That is why we expect something from you in return. You should have at least a secondary school leaving certificate. Be ready to do an internship so that we can get to know each other. Have a real interest in training in gardening and landscaping. We look forward to your application! Please send your written application by email to our HR officer Simone Weber: jobs@grewe-gruppe.de Or you can apply by post: Grewe Holding GmbH z. H. Simone Weber Knickchaussee 9 27356 Rotenburg (Wümme) For advance information you can reach us at: 04261 9708-0 To strengthen our team, we are looking for trainees for the training year August 2020 (m / f / d) as gardeners in gardening and landscaping , are good at packing, like to work outdoors and know what to do with plants? Then we have a tip for you: our complex and demanding training as a gardener! Anyone who joins us will receive sound training that is as varied as it is professional - and also a lot of fun. That is why we expect something from you in return. You should have at least a secondary school leaving certificate. Be ready to do an internship so that we can get to know each other. Have a real interest in training in gardening and landscaping. We look forward to your application! Please send your written application by email to our HR officer Simone Weber: jobs@grewe-gruppe.de Or you can apply by post: Grewe Holding GmbH z. H. Simone Weber Knickchaussee 9 27356 Rotenburg (Wümme) For advance information you can reach us at: 04261 9708-0 To strengthen our team, we are looking for trainees (m / f / d) as gardeners in gardening and landscaping for the training year August 2021 , are good at packing, like to work outdoors and know what to do with plants? Then we have a tip for you: our complex and demanding training as a gardener! Anyone who joins us will receive sound training that is as varied as it is professional - and also a lot of fun. That is why we expect something from you in return. You should have at least a secondary school leaving certificate. Be ready to do an internship so that we can get to know each other. Have a real interest in training in gardening and landscaping. We look forward to your application! Please send your written application by email to our HR officer Simone Weber: jobs@grewe-gruppe.de Or you can apply by post: Grewe Holding GmbH z. H. Simone Weber Knickchaussee 9 27356 Rotenburg (Wümme) For preliminary information you can reach us at: 04261 9708-0 To strengthen our team, we are looking for trainees (m / f / d) as gardeners in gardening and landscaping for the training year August 2019 , are good at packing, like to work outdoors and know what to do with plants? Then we have a tip for you: our complex and demanding training as a gardener! Anyone who joins us will receive sound training that is as varied as it is professional - and also a lot of fun. That is why we expect something from you in return. You should have at least a secondary school leaving certificate. Be ready to do an internship so that we can get to know each other. Have a real interest in training in gardening and landscaping. We look forward to your application! Please send your written application by email to our HR developer Ms. Anna Wetjen: jobs@grewe-gruppe.de Or you can apply by post: Grewe Holding GmbH z. H. Anna Wetjen Knickchaussee 9 27356 Rotenburg (Wümme) For preliminary information you can reach us at: 04261 9708-0 To strengthen our team, we are looking for trainees for the training year August 2019 (m / f / d) as gardeners in landscaping and gardening , are good at packing, like to work outdoors and know what to do with plants? Then we have a tip for you: our complex and demanding training as a gardener! Anyone who joins us will receive sound training that is as varied as it is professional - and also a lot of fun. That is why we expect something from you in return. You should have at least a secondary school leaving certificate. Be ready to do an internship so that we can get to know each other. Have a real interest in training in gardening and landscaping. We look forward to your application! Please send your written application by email to our HR developer Ms. Anna Wetjen: jobs@grewe-gruppe.de Or you can apply by post: Grewe Holding GmbH z. H. Anna Wetjen Knickchaussee 9 27356 Rotenburg (Wümme) For preliminary information you can reach us at: 04261 9708-0 To strengthen our team, we are looking for trainees for the training year August 2019 (m / f / d) as gardeners in landscaping and gardening , are good at packing, like to work outdoors and know what to do with plants? Then we have a tip for you: our complex and demanding training as a gardener! Anyone who joins us will receive sound training that is as varied as it is professional - and also a lot of fun. That is why we expect something from you in return. You should have at least a secondary school leaving certificate. Be ready to do an internship so that we can get to know each other. Have a real interest in training in gardening and landscaping. We look forward to your application! Please send your written application by email to our HR developer Ms. Anna Wetjen: jobs@grewe-gruppe.de Or you can apply by post: Grewe Holding GmbH z. H. Anna Wetjen Knickchaussee 9 27356 Rotenburg (Wümme) For preliminary information you can reach us at: 04261 9708-0 To strengthen our team, we are looking for trainees for the training year August 2019 (m / f / d) as gardeners in landscaping and gardening , are good at packing, like to work outdoors and know what to do with plants? Then we have a tip for you: our complex and demanding training as a gardener! Anyone who joins us will receive sound training that is as varied as it is professional - and also a lot of fun. That is why we expect something from you in return. You should have at least a secondary school leaving certificate. Be ready to do an internship so that we can get to know each other. Have a real interest in training in gardening and landscaping. We look forward to your application! Please send your written application by email to our HR developer Ms. Anna Wetjen: jobs@grewe-gruppe.de Or you can apply by post: Grewe Holding GmbH z. H. Anna Wetjen Knickchaussee 9 27356 Rotenburg (Wümme) For preliminary information you can reach us at: 04261 9708-0 To strengthen our team, we are looking for trainees for the training year August 2019 (m / f / d) as gardeners in landscaping and gardening , are good at packing, like to work outdoors and know what to do with plants? Then we have a tip for you: our complex and demanding training as a gardener! Anyone who joins us will receive sound training that is as varied as it is professional - and also a lot of fun. That is why we expect something from you in return. You should have at least a secondary school leaving certificate. Be ready to do an internship so that we can get to know each other. Have a real interest in training in gardening and landscaping. We look forward to your application! Please send your written application by email to our HR developer Ms. Anna Wetjen: jobs@grewe-gruppe.de Or you can apply by post: Grewe Holding GmbH z. H. Anna Wetjen Knickchaussee 9 27356 Rotenburg (Wümme) For preliminary information you can reach us at: 04261 9708-0 To strengthen our team, we are looking for trainees for the training year August 2019 (m / f / d) as gardeners in landscaping and gardening , are good at packing, like to work outdoors and know what to do with plants? Then we have a tip for you: our complex and demanding training as a gardener! Anyone who joins us will receive sound training that is as varied as it is professional - and also a lot of fun. That is why we expect something from you in return. You should have at least a secondary school leaving certificate. Be ready to do an internship so that we can get to know each other. Have a real interest in training in gardening and landscaping. We look forward to your application! Please send your written application by email to our HR developer Ms. Anna Wetjen: jobs@grewe-gruppe.de Or you can apply by post: Grewe Holding GmbH z. H. Anna Wetjen Knickchaussee 9 27356 Rotenburg (Wümme) For preliminary information you can reach us at: 04261 9708-0 To strengthen our team, we are looking for trainees for the training year August 2019 (m / f / d) as gardeners in landscaping and gardening , are good at packing, like to work outdoors and know what to do with plants? Then we have a tip for you: our complex and demanding training as a gardener! Anyone who joins us will receive sound training that is as varied as it is professional - and also a lot of fun. That is why we expect something from you in return. You should have at least a secondary school leaving certificate. Be ready to do an internship so that we can get to know each other. Have a real interest in training in gardening and landscaping. We look forward to your application! Please send your written application by email to our HR developer Ms. Anna Wetjen: jobs@grewe-gruppe.de Or you can apply by post: Grewe Holding GmbH z. H. Anna Wetjen Knickchaussee 9 27356 Rotenburg (Wümme) For advance information you can reach us at: 04261 9708-0 Trainees (m / f) as gardeners in gardening and landscaping You are skilled in manual work, can do well, like to work outdoors and like to know Plants to start something? Then we have a tip for you: our complex and demanding training as a gardener! Anyone who joins us will receive sound training that is as varied as it is professional - and also a lot of fun. That is why we expect something from you in return. You should have at least a secondary school leaving certificate. Be ready to do an internship so that we can get to know each other. Have a real interest in training in gardening and landscaping. We look forward to your application! Please send your written application by email to our HR developer Ms. Anna Wetjen: jobs@grewe-gruppe.de Or you can apply by post: Grewe Holding GmbH z. H. Anna Wetjen Knickchaussee 9 27356 Rotenburg (Wümme) For preliminary information you can reach us at: 04261 9708-0 To strengthen our team, we are looking for trainees for the training year August 2019 (m / f / d) as gardeners in landscaping and gardening , are good at packing, like to work outdoors and know what to do with plants? Then we have a tip for you: our complex and demanding training as a gardener! Anyone who joins us will receive sound training that is as varied as it is professional - and also a lot of fun. That is why we expect something from you in return. You should have at least a secondary school leaving certificate. Be ready to do an internship so that we can get to know each other. Have a real interest in training in gardening and landscaping. We look forward to your application! Please send your written application by email to our HR developer Ms. Anna Wetjen: jobs@grewe-gruppe.de Or apply by post: Grewe Holding GmbH z. H. Anna Wetjen Knickchaussee 9 27356 Rotenburg (Wümme) For advance information you can contact us at: 04261 9708-0 About us As a family-run group of companies, we are your efficient and fair partner in gardening and landscaping. With us you get the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Together we create green worlds. Certificates Show all certifications All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies in our privacy policy. More informationAccepted!