grewe group - The family company grewe company Family company Our mission statement Managing Director Facts / Figures / Facts grewe group company profiles Services Gardening and landscaping Green and open space management Special services References Locations / Contact News Careers Job offers Pupils Training Dual studies Young professionals Specialists Career changers Unsolicited application Family businessesWe create green worlds . The grewe company, founded in 1950, has been family-owned for three generations. Peter Grewe, who took over and expanded the business from his father Hermann Grewe in the 1970s, handed over the management to Julia Grewe-Schwardt, Bodo Lammers and Henning Schwardt in 2017 after more than 35 years. However, he will continue to work as a management consultant and will continue to do so in the coming years. Julia Grewe-Schwardt has been the managing director of the holding company since 2008 and continues her father's tasks and ideas. With different accents, processes and methods, but with the same perspective towards the future. With the higher-level Grewe Holding, it relieves the operational companies of administrative tasks and controlling. Given the size of the company, it is a key challenge to distribute responsibility among several subsidiaries and managing directors, while maintaining the family character of the group across all locations. Intensive communication is required to ensure the flow of information. Because the central credo is to maintain a partnership-based relationship with employees, subcontractors and clients. "We are on the right track." In conversation with Managing Director Julia Grewe-Schwardt and Peter Grewe Extract from the interview ... What are your plans for the next few years, Ms. Grewe-Schwardt? Julia Grewe-Schwardt: We will invest in the promotion of young talent and provide better support for the trainees so that they remain in our company as specialists. But we also want to promote internal training for unskilled workers ... Interview as PDF We are the grewe group! Over 60 years of working with natural resources have taught us respect and mindfulness. With this attitude, we not only maintain outdoor facilities, but also all of our relationships - with customers, business partners and the people in our team. We live our mission statement with full conviction. Our mission statement About us As a family-run group of companies, we are your efficient and fair partner in gardening and landscaping. With us you get the complete spectrum of planning, construction and maintenance services for the design of your outdoor facilities. Together we create green worlds. Certificates Show all certifications All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies in our privacy policy. More informationAccepted!