Car workshop - find a good workshop in your area Join the MaXserwis network about us workshops tips news contact Home Find a workshop Find a MaXserwis car workshop by voivodship by city by category by service Search ... Are you interested in oil change? After consulting with specialists, it turned out that it would be necessary to replace the battery? Or maybe you are looking for a workshop where engine repair is everyday life? You can outsource all the necessary work to one of the workshops belonging to the MaXserwis network. It doesn't matter if you live in a small town or a big city. From year to year, our network is growing - new owners of car workshops join us. Engine diagnostics? Car electronics? The entities cooperating with us will solve your problem because we thoroughly check the workshop equipment and the quality of service for our business partners. by voivodship Lower Silesian voivodeship Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship Lublin Voivodeship Łódź Voivodeship Lubusz Voivodeship Lesser Poland Voivodeship Masovian Voivodeship Opole Voivodeship Podkarpackie Province Podlasie Voivodeship Pomeranian Voivodeship Silesian voivodeship Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship Greater Poland West Pomeranian by city Białystok Bielsko Biała Bydgoszcz Częstochowa Gdańsk Katowice Kielce Kraków Lublin Łódź Poznań Rzeszów Warsaw Wrocław Szczecin by service category Mechanics Electrical / Electronics Braking system Exhaust system Suspension system Air conditioning Tires Body work / varnishing Vehicle inspection station Road assistance Gas installation Car wash Geometry by most popular services exchange filters / oil (273) timing replacement (271) tire replacement (215) muffler replacement (263) shock absorber / spring replacement (193) brake pad replacement (269) air conditioning service (214) gas installation service (31) bodywork repair (49) geometry / convergence setting (160) Suppliers Find your workshop Use the convenient search engine and choose one of over 200 MaXserwis workshops. Get a professional car service. Map Join the MaXserwis network. MaXserwis car workshops operate as individual legal and financial units. Each car service that joins the MaXserwis network can count on the support of many specialists, cyclical training, support of marketing activities and many others. News form 26.02.2020 Fourth MaXserwis Conference - Serock 2020 Last weekend, 22-23 February 2020, the Network Conference [...] was held for the fourth time for the fourth time [...] More 17.10.2019 Another season of free car condition checking is behind us! Summary of the action checking the suspension status with MaXserwis and Bilstein More 17.06.2019 We check the condition of your cars for free - season 2019 Summary of the May action MaXserwis and Bilstein More Mobile application MaXserwis Application designed for mobile devices operating in Android and iOS. Users of our application have the option of keeping an electronic service book of their vehicle, containing the history of repairs carried out in MaXserwis network workshops, also available from a computer equipped with the Windows operating system. Further key functions of the application are: workshop search engine cooperating with GPS location, module for arranging visits to a workshop associated in the MaXserwis network, the function of reminders about the expiring validity of technical examination and insurance in each of the vehicles added by the user, statistics of expenses related to the operation of the vehicle and fuel expenses. Why use our offer? Any motor vehicle owner will admit that a car workshop should be well equipped. An auto-service that will be able to operate under the MaXserwis banner must have modern workshop equipment and diagnostic equipment in stock, including licensed diagnostic tester. Automated diagnostics can not do without the right equipment. Appropriate equipment means that workshops operating under the MaXserwis banner are able to, among others: repair the braking system and exhaust system, perform air-conditioning removal, carry out air-conditioning punching, solve the Diesel problem. We guarantee all owners of workshops interested in cooperation with us the necessary assistance, including access to expert knowledge and numerous trainings. Cooperation with us simply pays off - if you are interested in doing business with us, call or write. Maxserwis About Us Advice News Information Cooperation Privacy policy Parts catalog Contact +48 691 526 110 The helpline is open from Monday to Friday 8: 00-16: 00 kontakt@maxserwis.com.pl If you have questions, doubts, need advice, we are available - Write to us. Stay up to date Copyrights © 2019 MaXserwis garage network