Cooperation - MaXserwis Join the MaXserwis network about us workshops tips news contact Home Cooperation Cooperation Join the MaXserwis garage network! MaXserwis is a nationwide network of independent garages. Since its establishment, the network has been developing extremely dynamically - every year dozens of subsequent car workshops in Poland are operating under the MaXserwis brand. We rely primarily on quality, which is why we thoroughly verify potential car services. Our guarantee of success are reliable partners - in this way we can ensure the customer that his vehicle and accompanying repair will be at the highest level. What do we offer to workshops joining our network? The MaXserwis concept is comprehensive support on many levels offered to car workshop owners. For our part, we offer: the opportunity to purchase technical software on special financial, the possibility of obtaining free support from the technical helpline or legal assistance hotline, numerous technical trainings conducted in the workshop conditions, fully or partly co-financed by the Network Organizer, comprehensive visualization, attractive marketing support , clothing for employees and gadgets for workshop customers, attractive support programs for the purchase of workshop equipment tools and devices, dedicated promotional campaigns for workshops and their clients. What do we expect from workshops participating in the MaXserwis concept? having a minimum of 2 repair stations, active commercial cooperation with AP SA, having a customer service office together with a waiting room or a replacement car for the time of repair, having a licensed diagnostic tester, having civil liability insurance for business operations. Thanks to cooperation with us, your car workshop can become recognizable and customers will be sure of the quality offered. I have read the privacy policy of the www.maxserwis.com.pl website and agree to the processing by AUTO PARTNER S.A., 43-150 Bieruń, Ekonomiczna 20, of personal data provided by me on the terms described in the Privacy Policy available on the Website. I declare that I am aware of the purposes of data processing and my rights. This consent may be withdrawn at any time by contacting the Administrator at kontakt@autopartner.com, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing that was carried out on the basis of consent before its withdrawal. More information on the processing of personal data - Supplier's information obligation. Find your workshop. Use the convenient search engine and choose from over 200 MaXserwis workshops. Get a professional car service. Map Join the MaXserwis network. MaXserwis car workshops operate as individual legal and financial units. Each car service that joins the MaXserwis network can count on the support of many specialists, cyclical training, support of marketing activities and many others. News form 26.02.2020 Fourth MaXserwis Conference - Serock 2020 Last weekend, 22-23 February 2020, the Network Conference [...] was held for the fourth time for the fourth time [...] More 17.10.2019 Another season of free car condition checking is behind us! Summary of the action checking the suspension status with MaXserwis and Bilstein More 17.06.2019 We check the condition of your cars for free - season 2019 Summary of the May action MaXserwis and Bilstein More Mobile application MaXserwis Application designed for mobile devices operating in Android and iOS. Users of our application have the option of keeping an electronic service book of their vehicle, containing the history of repairs carried out in MaXserwis network workshops, also available from a computer equipped with the Windows operating system. Further key functions of the application are: workshop search engine cooperating with GPS location, module for arranging visits to a workshop associated in the MaXserwis network, the function of reminders about the expiring validity of technical examination and insurance in each of the vehicles added by the user, statistics of expenses related to the operation of the vehicle and fuel expenses. Why use our offer? Any motor vehicle owner will admit that a car workshop should be well equipped. An auto-service that will be able to operate under the MaXserwis banner must have modern workshop equipment and diagnostic equipment in stock, including licensed diagnostic tester. Automated diagnostics can not do without the right equipment. Appropriate equipment means that workshops operating under the MaXserwis banner are able to, among others: repair the braking system and exhaust system, perform air-conditioning removal, carry out air-conditioning punching, solve the Diesel problem. We guarantee all owners of workshops interested in cooperation with us the necessary assistance, including access to expert knowledge and numerous trainings. Cooperation with us simply pays off - if you are interested in doing business with us, call or write. Maxserwis About Us Advice News Information Cooperation Privacy policy Parts catalog Contact +48 691 526 110 The helpline is open from Monday to Friday 8: 00-16: 00 kontakt@maxserwis.com.pl If you have questions, doubts, need advice, we are available - Write to us. Stay up to date Copyrights © 2019 MaXserwis garage network