Tips for drivers - replacement of brake pads and tires Join the MaXserwis network about us workshops tips news contact Home Tips Tips for drivers A car is not only a pleasure, but also a duty - oil change, tire replacement, and visiting a car workshop. We are aware that not every car owner is at the same time a specialist in automotive mechanics. We encourage you to read the prepared short tips on a specific topic. Don't know how to prepare cars for winter? Or maybe you are wondering about the sense of balancing wheels? On our site you will find relevant information on many issues related to your vehicles. Summer tires Tire condition after winter - tread control Before replacing tires for summer, check [...] More Air conditioning review Annual fever Every year after a few warmer days before repair or maintenance workshops [...] More Is it worth checking the car after winter ? Weather conditions Nobody needs to be convinced that in the winter many components in [...] More Air conditioning service - what to keep in mind Air conditioning review - replacing a factor is not everything! Some of them are performed by automated [...] More Wheel balancing - why is it worth Vibration, vibration - check wheel balance If you feel vibrations or vibrations while driving, [...] More Changing tires Is this the right moment? Whenever the sun warms us, drivers are immediately thinking about changing [...] More Why use air conditioning? Driving comfort Efficient air conditioning is a source of comfort and safety. It makes it possible to keep the inside of the vehicle optimal [...] More Pressure in the wheels And what group are you in? According to press releases informing about the results of TNS Polska research [...] More How to prepare your car for winter? What should be remembered? What to look for The holiday season is long behind us, both [...] More Preparing the vehicle for the winter - tires Quoting the advertising slogan of one tire manufacturer: "The tire is the only element connecting the car to the ground". [...] More Preparing the vehicle for winter - the condition and quality of fluids Regardless of the season, it is worth systematically checking the fluid level in all cars in every car [...] More Preparing the vehicle for the winter - electrical system - alternator and starter Car electrics - what you should about know her We discussed the battery in previous entries, so there came [...] More 5 golden rules of car inspection before winter. How will a garage repair your vehicle for winter? Pre-made autumn and winter [...] More. Preparing the vehicle for winter - electrical system - battery Repair or replacement of the battery? In addition to the hot period for vulcanization workshops, winter is also a season, [...] More Car review before going on holiday The holiday season is in full swing. What should you check in a workshop before a holiday trip? More Suppliers Find your workshop Use the convenient search engine and choose one of over 200 MaXserwis workshops. Get a professional car service. Map Join the MaXserwis network. MaXserwis car workshops operate as individual legal and financial units. Each car service that joins the MaXserwis network can count on the support of many specialists, cyclical training, support of marketing activities and many others. News form 26.02.2020 Fourth MaXserwis Conference - Serock 2020 Last weekend, 22-23 February 2020, the Network Conference [...] was held for the fourth time for the fourth time [...] More 17.10.2019 Another season of free car condition checking is behind us! Summary of the action checking the suspension status with MaXserwis and Bilstein More 17.06.2019 We check the condition of your cars for free - season 2019 Summary of the May action MaXserwis and Bilstein More Mobile application MaXserwis Application designed for mobile devices operating in Android and iOS. Users of our application have the option of keeping an electronic service book of their vehicle, containing the history of repairs carried out in MaXserwis network workshops, also available from a computer equipped with the Windows operating system. Further key functions of the application are: workshop search engine cooperating with GPS location, module for arranging visits to a workshop associated in the MaXserwis network, the function of reminders about the expiring validity of technical examination and insurance in each of the vehicles added by the user, statistics of expenses related to the operation of the vehicle and fuel expenses. Why use our offer? Any motor vehicle owner will admit that a car workshop should be well equipped. An auto-service that will be able to operate under the MaXserwis banner must have modern workshop equipment and diagnostic equipment in stock, including licensed diagnostic tester. Automated diagnostics can not do without the right equipment. Appropriate equipment means that workshops operating under the MaXserwis banner are able to, among others: repair the braking system and exhaust system, perform air-conditioning removal, carry out air-conditioning punching, solve the Diesel problem. We guarantee all owners of workshops interested in cooperation with us the necessary assistance, including access to expert knowledge and numerous trainings. Cooperation with us simply pays off - if you are interested in doing business with us, call or write. Maxserwis About Us Advice News Information Cooperation Privacy policy Parts catalog Contact +48 691 526 110 The helpline is open from Monday to Friday 8: 00-16: 00 kontakt@maxserwis.com.pl If you have questions, doubts, need advice, we are available - Write to us. Stay up to date Copyrights © 2019 MaXserwis garage network