Car workshops - explore the rich offer of the MaXserwis network Join the MaXserwis network about us workshops tips news contact Home About Us About Us MaXserwis is a network of independent car workshops nationwide. The company is developing extremely dynamically - every year, under the MaXserwis brand, new car workshops start operating in Poland. A thorough check of future network participants is a guarantee of success - in this way we can ensure that the customer is not alone with his problem. MaXserwis network cooperates with many workshops. Cooperation with us can take: car repair workshop, bodywork workshop, paint shop. A tinner, varnish or car electromechanic can also join our network. In order to provide motor vehicle owners with the highest level of assistance, we require candidates to meet specific requirements. For example, every car workshop must have at least two positions where vehicles will be repaired. What we offer? Experienced employees and appropriate equipment are needed for a car workshop to develop. MaXserwis offers comprehensive support to car workshop owners. For our part, we offer: technical software that can be purchased on good financial terms, the opportunity to use a free technical hotline and consult experts in the field of vehicle repair, numerous trainings. We organize trainings thanks to which car mechanics learn how to repair suspension or repair car engines. During classes issues related to the replacement of some vehicle components are taken. Thanks to this, it is not a problem for employees of individual workshops, e.g. replacement of shock absorbers, replacement of brake pads, replacement of brakes, replacement of oil in the car, replacement of operating fluids, replacement of tires. We also guarantee comprehensive visualization, clothing for employees or advertising materials. Thanks to cooperation with us, your car workshop can become recognizable and customers will be sure of the quality offered. Suppliers. Find your workshop. Use the convenient search engine and choose from over 200 MaXserwis workshops. Get a professional car service. Map Join the MaXserwis network. MaXserwis car workshops operate as individual legal and financial units. Each car service that joins the MaXserwis network can count on the support of many specialists, cyclical training, support of marketing activities and many others. News form 26.02.2020 Fourth MaXserwis Conference - Serock 2020 Last weekend, 22-23 February 2020, the Network Conference [...] was held for the fourth time for the fourth time [...] More 17.10.2019 Another season of free car condition checking is behind us! Summary of the action checking the suspension status with MaXserwis and Bilstein More 17.06.2019 We check the condition of your cars for free - season 2019 Summary of the May action MaXserwis and Bilstein More Mobile application MaXserwis Application designed for mobile devices operating in Android and iOS. Users of our application have the option of keeping an electronic service book of their vehicle, containing the history of repairs carried out in MaXserwis network workshops, also available from a computer equipped with the Windows operating system. Further key functions of the application are: workshop search engine cooperating with GPS location, module for arranging visits to a workshop associated in the MaXserwis network, the function of reminders about the expiring validity of technical examination and insurance in each of the vehicles added by the user, statistics of expenses related to the operation of the vehicle and fuel expenses. Why use our offer? Any motor vehicle owner will admit that a car workshop should be well equipped. An auto-service that will be able to operate under the MaXserwis banner must have modern workshop equipment and diagnostic equipment in stock, including licensed diagnostic tester. Automated diagnostics can not do without the right equipment. Appropriate equipment means that workshops operating under the MaXserwis banner are able to, among others: repair the braking system and exhaust system, perform air-conditioning removal, carry out air-conditioning punching, solve the Diesel problem. We guarantee all owners of workshops interested in cooperation with us the necessary assistance, including access to expert knowledge and numerous trainings. Cooperation with us simply pays off - if you are interested in doing business with us, call or write. Maxserwis About Us Advice News Information Cooperation Privacy policy Parts catalog Contact +48 691 526 110 The helpline is open from Monday to Friday 8: 00-16: 00 kontakt@maxserwis.com.pl If you have questions, doubts, need advice, we are available - Write to us. Stay up to date Copyrights © 2019 MaXserwis garage network