Another season of free car condition checking is behind us! - MaXserwis Join the MaXserwis network about us workshops tips news contact Home News The next season of the free car status check is behind us! Another season of free car condition checking is behind us! 17.10.2019 Summary of checking the suspension status with MaXserwis and Bilstein Recently another season of our actions from the cycle "We will check the condition of your car", carried out by the MaXserwis workshop network together with the shock absorber manufacturer BILSTEIN, has come to an end. As in previous years, it turned out to be successful in 2019 - we checked the condition of several hundred cars in several Polish cities completely free of charge. Again, the drivers participating in our action waited for a thorough verification of the condition of their car, combined with free advice from automotive experts and attractive gifts for all participants! The shock absorber tester, operated by the reliable and extensive technical knowledge team Bilstein, in conjunction with verification by the employees of the MaXserwis Department and workshop employees of the condition of other key components checked during vehicle operations, enjoyed great interest among car owners. This year's "record holder" turned out to be MaXserwis "WULGAR" from Gdańsk, in which we comprehensively checked the status of nearly 100 vehicles, all in one day! Despite the fact that the current season has just ended, we are already planning to organize our events in 2020, during which we will once again promote safety and attention to the technical condition of vehicles among Polish drivers. See you in a year! News 26.02.2020 4th MaXserwis Conference - Serock 2020 Last weekend, 22-23 February 2020, the Network Conference was held for the fourth time [...] More 17.06.2019 We are checking the condition of your cars for free - season 2019 Summary of the May action of MaXserwis and Bilstein More See also: Summer tires Condition of tires after winter - tread control Before replacing tires for summer, it is worth checking in [...] More Air conditioning review Annual fever Every year after a few warmer days before repair or maintenance workshops [...] More cars after winter? Weather conditions Nobody needs to be convinced that in the winter many components in [...] More Suppliers Find your workshop Use the convenient search engine and choose one of over 200 MaXserwis workshops. Get a professional car service. Map Join the MaXserwis network. MaXserwis car workshops operate as individual legal and financial units. Each car service that joins the MaXserwis network can count on the support of many specialists, cyclical training, support of marketing activities and many others. News form 26.02.2020 Fourth MaXserwis Conference - Serock 2020 Last weekend, 22-23 February 2020, the Network Conference [...] was held for the fourth time for the fourth time [...] More 17.10.2019 Another season of free car condition checking is behind us! Summary of the action checking the suspension status with MaXserwis and Bilstein More 17.06.2019 We check the condition of your cars for free - season 2019 Summary of the May action MaXserwis and Bilstein More Mobile application MaXserwis Application designed for mobile devices operating in Android and iOS. Users of our application have the option of keeping an electronic service book of their vehicle, containing the history of repairs carried out in MaXserwis network workshops, also available from a computer equipped with the Windows operating system. Further key functions of the application are: workshop search engine cooperating with GPS location, module for arranging visits to a workshop associated in the MaXserwis network, the function of reminders about the expiring validity of technical examination and insurance in each of the vehicles added by the user, statistics of expenses related to the operation of the vehicle and fuel expenses. Why use our offer? Any motor vehicle owner will admit that a car workshop should be well equipped. An auto-service that will be able to operate under the MaXserwis banner must have modern workshop equipment and diagnostic equipment in stock, including licensed diagnostic tester. Automated diagnostics can not do without the right equipment. Appropriate equipment means that workshops operating under the MaXserwis banner are able to, among others: repair the braking system and exhaust system, perform air-conditioning removal, carry out air-conditioning punching, solve the Diesel problem. We guarantee all owners of workshops interested in cooperation with us the necessary assistance, including access to expert knowledge and numerous trainings. Cooperation with us simply pays off - if you are interested in doing business with us, call or write. Maxserwis About Us Advice News Information Cooperation Privacy policy Parts catalog Contact +48 691 526 110 The helpline is open from Monday to Friday 8: 00-16: 00 kontakt@maxserwis.com.pl If you have questions, doubts, need advice, we are available - Write to us. Stay up to date Copyrights © 2019 MaXserwis garage network