INSTALLATION OF GAS INSTALLATION Jarosław Sparzyński - MaXserwis Join the MaXserwis network about us workshops tips news contact Home Workshops INSTALLATION OF GAS INSTALLATION Jarosław Sparzyński back to search INSTALLATION OF GAS INSTALLATION Jarosław Sparzyński INSTALLATION OF GAS INSTALLATION Jarosław Sparzyński located in the Alwernia service exhaust system suspension system air conditioning tires vehicle inspection station roadside assistance gas installation car wash geometry We make, among others services such as: filter / oil change, timing change, tire replacement, muffler replacement, shock absorber / spring replacement, brake pad replacement, air conditioning service, gas installation, geometry / convergence setting, Opening hours: Monday: 08:00 - 17:00 Tuesday: 08:00 - 17: 00 Wednesday: 08:00 - 17:00 Thursday: 08:00 - 17:00 Friday: 08:00 - 17:00 Saturday: closed Sunday: closed Lead to the service 508 426 711 oskpalwernia@gmail.com 32-566 Alwernia ul . Poręba Żegota St. Marcin RM TECHNIKA Radosław Mizera Andrychów, ul. Starowiejska 46 Call See mechanics electrical / electronics braking system exhaust system suspension system air conditioning tires roadside assistance geometry DAM-BER S.C. Bernadetta Słaboń, Józef Zaręba Bolesław, ul. Główna 67a Call See mechanics electrical / electronics braking system exhaust system suspension system air conditioning tires vehicle control station car wash geometry EUROMOT S.C. Ireneusz Wider, Patrycja Wider Chocznia, ul. Kościuszki 182 Call See mechanics electrical / electronics braking system exhaust system suspension system air conditioning tires bodywork / varnishing vehicle inspection station road assistance geometry MECHANICS OF VEHICLE Henryk Stryczek Krzeszowice, ul. Nowa Góra 491 Call See mechanics electrics / electronics braking system exhaust system air conditioning tires gas installation P.H.U. LUK-CAR Łukasz Czapik Lanckorona, ul. Kalwaryjska 64 Call See mechanics electronics / electronics braking system exhaust system air conditioning tires AUTO KLINIKA Mateusz Nowak Piotrowice, ul. Lipowa 55 Call See mechanics electrical / electronics braking system exhaust system suspension system air conditioning tires sheet metal work / varnishing geometry MKM-SERWIS Maciej Wojtyła Przybradz, ul. Spacerowa 1 Call See mechanics electrical / electronics braking system exhaust system suspension system air conditioning tires geometry VEHICLE MECHANICS Roman Basik Stronie, ul. Zakrzów 108 Call See mechanics electrical / electronics braking system exhaust system suspension system air conditioning tires roadside assistance geometry EL GRECO Marek Kajfasz Zator, ul. Starowiejska 35 Call See mechanics electrical / electronics braking system exhaust system suspension system air conditioning tires geometry Suppliers Find your workshop Use a convenient search engine and choose one of over 200 MaXserwis workshops. Get a professional car service. Map Join the MaXserwis network. MaXserwis car workshops operate as individual legal and financial units. Each car service that joins the MaXserwis network can count on the support of many specialists, cyclical training, support of marketing activities and many others. News form 26.02.2020 Fourth MaXserwis Conference - Serock 2020 Last weekend, 22-23 February 2020, the Network Conference [...] was held for the fourth time for the fourth time [...] More 17.10.2019 Another season of free car condition checking is behind us! Summary of the action checking the suspension status with MaXserwis and Bilstein More 17.06.2019 We check the condition of your cars for free - season 2019 Summary of the May action MaXserwis and Bilstein More Mobile application MaXserwis Application designed for mobile devices operating in Android and iOS. Users of our application have the option of keeping an electronic service book of their vehicle, containing the history of repairs carried out in MaXserwis network workshops, also available from a computer equipped with the Windows operating system. Further key functions of the application are: workshop search engine cooperating with GPS location, module for arranging visits to a workshop associated in the MaXserwis network, the function of reminders about the expiring validity of technical examination and insurance in each of the vehicles added by the user, statistics of expenses related to the operation of the vehicle and fuel expenses. Why use our offer? Any motor vehicle owner will admit that a car workshop should be well equipped. An auto-service that will be able to operate under the MaXserwis banner must have modern workshop equipment and diagnostic equipment in stock, including licensed diagnostic tester. Automated diagnostics can not do without the right equipment. Appropriate equipment means that workshops operating under the MaXserwis banner are able to, among others: repair the braking system and exhaust system, perform air-conditioning removal, carry out air-conditioning punching, solve the Diesel problem. We guarantee all owners of workshops interested in cooperation with us the necessary assistance, including access to expert knowledge and numerous trainings. Cooperation with us simply pays off - if you are interested in doing business with us, call or write. Maxserwis About Us Advice News Information Cooperation Privacy policy Parts catalog Contact +48 691 526 110 The helpline is open from Monday to Friday 8: 00-16: 00 kontakt@maxserwis.com.pl If you have questions, doubts, need advice, we are available - Write to us. Stay up to date Copyrights © 2019 MaXserwis garage network