Car workshop in the MaXserwis network - the best among the workshops Join the MaXserwis network about us workshops tips news contact The network of professional car workshops in Poland the highest quality of service competitive prices nationwide coverage of parts from reputable manufacturers modern diagnostic devices quick implementation of services Find a car workshop nearest to you Workshop name, city , voivodeship advanced search Summer tires Condition of tires after winter - tread control Before replacing tires for summer, it is worth checking in [...] More Air conditioning overview Annual fever Every year after several warmer days before repair or maintenance workshops [...] More Is it worth doing car review after winter? Weather conditions Nobody needs to be convinced that in the winter many components in [...] More MaXserwis - professional auto repair Finding a mechanic should not be a difficulty - car workshops operate in many Polish cities, even small ones. However, motor vehicle owners are not always satisfied with the quality of services. In the meantime, you need to visit the car service regularly to make sure that the car is in good working order and traveling there is no danger. Proven car workshops MaXserwis was created out of need - it is a network of independent car workshops. Before a given car workshop joins the MaXserwis network, it is thoroughly verified in terms of the quality of services rendered. All this so that customers can be sure that, for example: alternator failure, brake failure, pump failure, failure of lights will be efficiently removed. That's not all - the workshop that will start working with MaXserwis must have the right number of repair stations and an office with a waiting room for people using its offer. It happens that the customer reports with a small fault or replacement that can be dealt with immediately. For example, an efficient tire specialist will replace the tires for several minutes in the winter. Suppliers. Find your workshop. Use the convenient search engine and choose from over 200 MaXserwis workshops. Get a professional car service. Map Join the MaXserwis network. MaXserwis car workshops operate as individual legal and financial units. Each car service that joins the MaXserwis network can count on the support of many specialists, cyclical training, support of marketing activities and many others. News form 26.02.2020 Fourth MaXserwis Conference - Serock 2020 Last weekend, 22-23 February 2020, the Network Conference [...] was held for the fourth time for the fourth time [...] More 17.10.2019 Another season of free car condition checking is behind us! Summary of the action checking the suspension status with MaXserwis and Bilstein More 17.06.2019 We check the condition of your cars for free - season 2019 Summary of the May action MaXserwis and Bilstein More Mobile application MaXserwis Application designed for mobile devices operating in Android and iOS. Users of our application have the option of keeping an electronic service book of their vehicle, containing the history of repairs carried out in MaXserwis network workshops, also available from a computer equipped with the Windows operating system. Further key functions of the application are: workshop search engine cooperating with GPS location, module for arranging visits to a workshop associated in the MaXserwis network, the function of reminders about the expiring validity of technical examination and insurance in each of the vehicles added by the user, statistics of expenses related to the operation of the vehicle and fuel expenses. Why use our offer? Any motor vehicle owner will admit that a car workshop should be well equipped. An auto-service that will be able to operate under the MaXserwis banner must have modern workshop equipment and diagnostic equipment in stock, including licensed diagnostic tester. Automated diagnostics can not do without the right equipment. Appropriate equipment means that workshops operating under the MaXserwis banner are able to, among others: repair the braking system and exhaust system, perform air-conditioning removal, carry out air-conditioning punching, solve the Diesel problem. We guarantee all owners of workshops interested in cooperation with us the necessary assistance, including access to expert knowledge and numerous trainings. Cooperation with us simply pays off - if you are interested in doing business with us, call or write. Maxserwis About Us Advice News Information Cooperation Privacy policy Parts catalog Contact +48 691 526 110 The helpline is open from Monday to Friday 8: 00-16: 00 kontakt@maxserwis.com.pl If you have questions, doubts, need advice, we are available - Write to us. Stay up to date Copyrights © 2019 MaXserwis garage network