AMF Fahrzeugbau GmbH | Data protection In order to optimally design our website for you and to continuously improve it, we use cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. Further information on cookies can be found in our data protection declaration OK Home About Us Locations Partners Jobs Downloads Contact News Examples VDL Examples FASSI Examples ATLAS vehicle bodies & changing systems Spare parts workshop Our partners: Data protection declaration 1. Data protection at a glance General information The following information provides a simple overview what happens to your personal data when you visit our website. Personal data is all data with which you can be personally identified. You can find detailed information on the subject of data protection in our data protection declaration below this text. Data collection on our website Who is responsible for data collection on this website? The data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. You can also find their contact details in the imprint of this website. How do we collect your data? On the one hand, your data is collected by you communicating it to us. This can e.g. are data that you enter in a contact form. Our IT systems automatically collect other data when you visit the website. This is primarily technical data (e.g. internet browser, operating system or time of the page visit). This data is recorded automatically as soon as you enter our website. What do we use your data for? Part of the data is collected to ensure that the website is provided correctly. Other data can be used to analyze your user behavior. What rights do you have regarding your data? You have the right to receive information about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data at any time free of charge. You also have the right to request that this data be corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about data protection. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. Analysis tools and tools from third-party providers When you visit our website, your surfing behavior can be statistically evaluated. This happens primarily with cookies and with so-called analysis programs. Your surfing behavior is usually analyzed anonymously; the surfing behavior cannot be traced back to you. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. You can find detailed information on this in the following data protection declaration. [A1] You can disagree with this analysis. We will inform you about the possibilities of objection in this data protection declaration. 2. General information and mandatory information Data protection The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration. When you use this website, various personal data are collected. Personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. This data protection declaration explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this is done. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from access by third parties. Note on the responsible body The responsible body for data processing on this website is: ATLAS HANNOVER Baumaschinen GmbH & Co. Bremer Strasse 6 30880 Laatzen / Rethen Germany Phone: +49 (0) 5102 / 7004-0 Email: info @ atlas- hannover.de [A2] The responsible body is the natural or legal person who, alone or together with others, decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names, email addresses or similar). Revocation of your consent to data processing Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal email to us. The legality of the data processing carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. Right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority In the event of data protection violations, the person concerned has the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. The responsible supervisory authority for data protection issues is the state data protection officer of the federal state in which our company is based. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html. Right to data portability You have the right to have data that we process automatically based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract handed over to you or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you request the direct transfer of the data to another person responsible, this will only take place if it is technically feasible. SSL or TLS encryption For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or inquiries that you send to us as the site operator, this site uses SSL or. TLS encryption. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from “http: //” to “https: //” and by the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data that you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties. Information, blocking, deletion You have the right to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, the right to correction, blocking or deletion of this data. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about personal data. Objection to advertising emails We hereby object to the use of contact data published within the scope of the imprint for sending unsolicited advertising and information material. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam e-mails. 3. Data protection officer Statutory data protection officer We have appointed a data protection officer for our company. ATLAS HANNOVER Baumaschinen GmbH & Co. Data Protection Officer Bremer Straße 6 30880 Laatzen / Rethen Germany Phone: +49 (0) 5102 / 7004-0 Email: datenschutz@atlas-hannover.de [A3] 4. Data collection on our website Cookies Die Some websites use so-called cookies. Cookies do no damage to your computer and contain no viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective and safer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted. Cookies that are required to carry out the electronic communication process or to provide certain functions you require (e.g. shopping cart function) are set on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR saved. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. Insofar as other cookies (e.g. cookies for analyzing your surfing behavior) are stored, these are dealt with separately in this data protection declaration. [A4] Alternative text (if only session cookies or persistent cookies are used: Cookies We only use cookies that are used for the sole purpose of carrying out the electronic communication process via an electronic communication network are necessary (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR) Server log files The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us These are: Browser type and browser version Operating system used Referrer URL Host name of the accessing computer Time of server request IP address A combination of this data with other data sources is not carried out. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. Processing data to fulfill a Contractual or pre-contractual measures permitted. The data will be deleted or anonymized after 7 days at the latest. [A5] Contact form If you send us inquiries using the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be used to process the inquiry and in the event of follow-up questions with us saved. We will not pass on this data without your consent. The processing of the data entered in the contact form takes place exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 a GDPR). You can withdraw this consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal email to us. The legality of the data processing operations carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. The data you enter in the contact form will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory legal provisions - especially retention periods - remain unaffected. 5. Changes From time to time it is necessary to adjust the content of the present data protection information for future data. We therefore reserve the right to change this information at any time. We will also publish the changed version of the data protection information here. If you visit us again, you should read the data protection information again. As of May 2018 AMF Fahrzeugbau GmbH | Bremer Str. 4 | 30880 Laatzen | Tel. +49 (0) 5102/7004 - 80 | Fax. +49 (0) 5102/7004 - 90 | info@amf-fahrzeugbau.de Home About Us Locations Contacts Contact How to find us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Imprint New Machines Mini Excavators Crawler Excavators Wheel Loaders Others Neuson Mobile Excavators Compact Excavators Two-Way Excavators Material Handling Mobile Telescopic Crane Mobile Excavators Locations ATLAS Hannover Baumaschinen GmbH & Co. EBAG Elbe Baumaschinen GmbH & Co. KG AMF Fahrzeugbau GmbH ATLAS HANNOVER - NL Braunschweig EBAG - Stendal branch EBAG - Blankenburg branch Partner ATLAS Maschinen GmbH Atlas Weycor GmbH Doosan Infracore Europe SA Wacker Neuson SENNEBOGEN Maschinenfabrik GmbH Atlas Copco in Germany FASSI VDL Cotainersysteme Pladdet BV ASG - Occupational Safety and Training BBI - Federal Association of Construction Machinery, Construction Equipment and Industrial Machinery Companies e.V. Downloads ISO General Terms and Conditions