AMF Fahrzeugbau GmbH | We use cookies to make our website optimal for you and to continuously improve it. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. Further information on cookies can be found in our data protection declaration. OK Home About Us Locations Partners Jobs Downloads Contact News Examples VDL Examples FASSI Examples ATLAS vehicle bodies & changing systems Spare parts Workshop Our partners: Contact module - create a new entry Workshop Our competent and professionally trained service team, consisting of the employees in the workshop area, is available to you with advice and assistance in the repair and maintenance of your machine park. In addition to the repair and maintenance as well as the implementation of the annually recurring UVV inspections of our machines, our services include the implementation of complex special solutions. Our specialized welding department, under the direction of our metal construction master, will realize your wishes for the construction of extensive steel structures. Outside of normal business hours, an emergency service is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week in urgent cases. We are happy to show you our capabilities! Our service team will be happy to answer your inquiries. Contact us! Your contact person Mr. Otte Telephone 05102 7004 88 Fax 05102 7004 90 Write E-Mail Or send us your message via this contact form * Company Salutation HerrFrau First name * Name * Device type * Serial number Position * Telephone Fax Mobile * E-Mail Street Postcode City How are You noticed us? Please selectPost advertisingRecommendationSearch engine Please fill in your message with * marked fields. I agree that my details from the contact form will be collected and processed to answer my request. The data will be deleted after your request has been processed. Note: You can revoke your consent at any time for the future by emailing info@atlas-hannover.de. Detailed information on handling user data can be found in our data protection declaration AMF Fahrzeugbau GmbH | Bremer Str. 4 | 30880 Laatzen | Tel. +49 (0) 5102/7004 - 80 | Fax. +49 (0) 5102/7004 - 90 | info@amf-fahrzeugbau.de Home About Us Locations Contacts Contact How to find us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Imprint New Machines Mini Excavators Crawler Excavators Wheel Loaders Others Neuson Mobile Excavators Compact Excavators Two-Way Excavators Material Handling Mobile Telescopic Crane Mobile Excavators Locations ATLAS Hannover Baumaschinen GmbH & Co. EBAG Elbe Baumaschinen GmbH & Co. KG AMF Fahrzeugbau GmbH ATLAS HANNOVER - NL Braunschweig EBAG - Stendal branch EBAG - Blankenburg branch Partner ATLAS Maschinen GmbH Atlas Weycor GmbH Doosan Infracore Europe SA Wacker Neuson SENNEBOGEN Maschinenfabrik GmbH Atlas Copco in Germany FASSI VDL Cotainersysteme Pladdet BV ASG - Occupational Safety and Training BBI - Federal Association of Construction Machinery, Construction Equipment and Industrial Machinery Companies e.V. Downloads ISO General Terms and Conditions