Scania | Scania Belgium You seem to be in. Visit your Scania market site for more information. Stay on the Belgian site Stay on the Belgian site Belgium Contact us Working at Scania nl FRANÇAIS NEDERLANDS Select your sales region Select production unit Visit our worldwide website Back sales region Production units Products and services Future room Experience Scania Configurator Find a dealer Configurator Find a dealer nl FRANÇAIS NEDERLANDS Read the magazine Verlengd! Now including the 13-liter 540 hp version. Promotion conditions valid until 6/30/2020. View the Fuel King Scania Configurator Start COVID-19 measures The latest news Load more Belgium Legal provisions Privacy statement Cookies Contact us General Conditions SCANIA © Copyright Scania 2016 All rights reserved. Scania Belgium, A. Van Osslaan 1 bus b28, 1120 Neder-Over-Heembeek, Tel. 02/264 02 11 This content is not available if you do not enable our cookies. Please enable cookies to view this content. Cookie Policy Link We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. By clicking "I agree", you consent to the use of cookies and the sharing of information. For more information on how we use cookies, please visit our cookies section, which you can find by clicking the link below this text. These cookies are necessary for the website and cannot be disabled in our systems and are usually the result of requesting services such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling out forms. You can set your browser to block them or warn you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work. These cookies do not store any personal data. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so that we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They teach us which pages are the most and least popular and we can see how visitors move through the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and is therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site and we will not be able to monitor its performance. "These cookies enable the website to offer enhanced functionality and personalization. They can be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages (see our Cookie Policy for more information). If you do not allow these cookies , some or all of these services may not work properly. Third party providers may process your data, including personal data, when these cookies are activated. " These cookies can be set by our advertising partners via our website (see our Cookie Policy for more information). They can be used by those companies to profile your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They are based on a unique identification of your browser type and the type of internet device you use. If you do not allow these cookies, you will encounter less targeted advertisements. These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site so that you can share our content with your friends and networks (see our Cookie Policy for more information). They can track your browser on other sites and profile your interests. This can affect the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Link cookie policy