Scania | Scania Belgium You seem to be located in. Go to your Scania market site for more information. Stay on the Belgian site Belgium Contact us Work for Scania fr FRANÇAIS NEDERLANDS Select your country Select the production units Visit our world site Back sales region Production units Products and services Future room Discover Scania Configurator Dealer Configurator Dealer fr FRANÇAIS NEDERLANDS Read the magazine Extension Now with the 13 liter version of 540 hp! See the king of fuel Configurator Start Measurements COVID-19 The latest information Load more Sustainable transport Read more Fuel economy Read more SCANIA INTERLINK ACCESS TO SCANIA INTERLINK Let's talk business Find the nearest dealer Scania Assistance We're here to help, 24 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Call us +32 (0) 22 64 00 00 Find the nearest dealer Belgium Legal notice Privacy statement Cookies Contact us General conditions SCANIA © Copyright Scania 2016 All rights reserved. Scania Belgium- Av. A. Van Osslaan 1 - 1120 Neder-Over-Heembeek- Tel: +32 (0) 2 264 02 11 This content is not available if you do not activate our cookies. Please enable cookies to view this content. Link to cookie policy We use cookies to personalize content and advertisements, to provide social media functionality and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. By clicking on "I accept", you consent to the use of cookies and the sharing of information. For more information on how we use cookies, please see the Cookies section which you can find by clicking on the link after this text, or manage your cookies by clicking on "Cookie settings". These cookies are necessary for the operation of the website and cannot be deactivated in our systems. They are generally defined in response to actions that you perform and that correspond to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can configure your browser to block or alert you to these cookies, but certain parts of the site will then stop working. These cookies do not store any personal data. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so that we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to see how visitors move around the site. All the information collected by these cookies is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to monitor its performance. These cookies allow the website to provide improved functionality and personalization. They can be defined by us or by third party providers (see our Cookie Policy for more information) whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these services may not work properly. Third-party providers may process your information, including personal data, when these cookies are enabled. These cookies can be set on our site by our advertising partners (see our Cookie Policy for more information). They can be used by these companies to create a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They are based on a unique identification of your browser type and the type of Internet device you use. If you do not allow these cookies, you will have less targeted advertising. These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to allow you to share our content with your friends and networks (see our Cookie Policy for more information). They have the ability to follow your browser on other sites and create a profile of your interests. This can have an impact on the content and messages you see on the other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not be able to use or view these sharing tools. Link to cookies policy