Become a Point Service Workshop - POINT SERVICE Skip to content POINT SERVICE Your trusted car repairer! Menu Search Workshops Coupons Operators Become a Point Service Workshop Become a Point Service Spare Part Home Regional Pages Contact Login Become a Point Service Workshop The first step in becoming a Point Service Car Repairer is to contact the Point Service Spare Parts dealer closest to your area through the Distributor. At the spare parts dealer it will be possible to have all the information about the project. It is not possible to become a Point Service directly with the Distributor. What happens after joining Point Service? The car repairer that has joined will receive the visit by appointment of the Point Service Technical Manager. The Manager will take note of the factual status of the Workshop, also making photographic documentation of the company and staff. A technical interview will follow with the car repairer to jointly establish the program of courses to follow and collect data for the inclusion of the workshop on the website www.pointservice.net. Membership management is fully computerized. Through the specifically created management, the area manager has pre-filled forms to activate all the services requested by the car repairer very quickly. When the workshop has e-mails, the timing of activations is further reduced as the sending of the forms and the acceptance of the same can take place via the internet. The data displayed in the workshop card in www.pointservice.net are also promptly updated on request if the car repairer does not yet have access to the private section. Point Service focuses its activity on 6 fundamental points: 1. Original Quality Spare Parts 2. Technical Training Courses 3. Services and Conventions for the Garage 4. Technical Equipment 5. Image and Communication 6. Services and promotions for the Motorist To better carry out the coordination task of each of these activities, we collaborate with the Partner Suppliers. Each supplier, based on the agreements made with the representatives of the Network, guarantees the services that compete with it; from the speed of delivery of guaranteed spare parts, of equivalent quality to the original, to the high level of technical training courses, to telephone technical assistance, to legal assistance, coupons, to consumer credit services, to car hire for replacement cars , to the management software, to the spare parts video catalog, to the advanced workshop equipment. The image of the Point Service Auto Repairer Image and communication are two aspects in which the Network Point Service invests with particular attention. From the production of signs to clothing for the car repairer, to forms for the workshop, everything is done to facilitate the relationship with the customer. In TV promotions and radio spots, the Point Service Auto Repairer is presented as "Your Trust Auto Repairer!", And so it also happens in sector magazines and in promotional paper communication at the workshops. For this reason each Autoripator who takes part in the project must guarantee its image through the visibility of the brand by using the identification kit, and undertaking to improve its professionalism, if necessary, by participating in the technical and professional training courses organized by the Network obtaining the necessary expertise for the repair of all car models. What are the membership costs? NOBODY! The Point Service Auto Repairer has an annual turnover commitment agreed directly with its local Point Service Auto Repairer and pays only for the services it uses at particularly advantageous conditions. Everything is regulated by the Commercial Consolidation Agreement to join the Point Service network signed directly with the Point Service Spare Parts dealer. Workshop identification kit Workshop coloring project Bookmarks Wrecker Point Service Auto electrician Point Service Coachbuilder Point Service Mechanic Point Service Tire Point Service © 2000-2020 POINT SERVICE Copyright © 2000-2020 POINT SERVICE Powered by Publik.it "POINT SERVICE Cookies Policy. Our site uses cookies to improve your browsing experience. "+ INFO