Become a Point Service Spare Part - POINT SERVICE Skip to content POINT SERVICE Your trusted car repairer! Menu Search Workshops Coupons Operators Become a Point Service Workshop Become a Point Service Spare Part Home Page Region Contact Login Become a Point Service Spare Part To become a Point Service Spare Part it is necessary to verify that your area has not yet been served by a Point Service Spare Part by contacting the local Distributor. reference. If the area is uncovered, you can make an appointment with the Point Service Manager who will explain in detail how to join the Network. The advantage of becoming a Point Service spare parts dealer is the possibility to take advantage of all the initiatives promoted by the Distributors in collaboration with the product suppliers and reserved for members. In addition to any promotional offers, the Spare Part Point Service is facilitated in the relationship with its customer because it is able to offer him the services that the Network makes available such as training, technical, organizational and marketing assistance, advertising material to the end user, agreements . All together with a carnet of spare parts of original quality, guaranteed, distributed with speed and efficiency. All this with a simple turnover commitment "agreed" directly with the local Distributor. The Point Service Spare Parts Dealer also has the role of "Supervisor" of the Workshops connected to him, as he carries out the tasks of controlling the quality parameters that the Workshops must guarantee to the motorist. What are the membership costs? NOBODY! The Spare Parts Point Service has an annual turnover commitment agreed directly with its local Distributor and pays only for the services it uses at particularly advantageous conditions. Everything is regulated by the Point Service network membership agreement signed directly with the local Distributor. Bookmarks Point Service Wrecker Point Point Wrecker Mechanic Point Service Auto Mechanic Point Service Tire Point Service © 2000-2020 POINT SERVICE Copyright © 2000-2020 POINT SERVICE Powered by Publik.it "POINT SERVICE Cookies Policy. Our site uses cookies to improve your browsing experience. "+ INFO