Tire insurance | Manfred Krämer GmbH & Co. KG MENU Manfred Krämer GmbH & Co. KG Home About us About unsAnfahrtStellenangeboteTeamReifen ReifenPKWTransporterreifenMotorradNutzfahrzeugeUnsere strong brand brand tire label offers tire insurance Wheels Wheels Wheel Configurator alloy wheels Color your carStahlfelgenAktuelle wheels Offers Winter KompletträderAnfahrschutzReparatur- and accessories financing Auto Service Auto Service Maintenance & Service Accessories mobility guarantee business customers GeschäftskundenFlottenPKW service commercial vehicle Service24h HotlineE mobility Current date Store Oil gas station Current Notes Car Transporter tires Motorcycle utility vehicles Our strong Brands Brands Tire Label Offers Tire Insurance Tire Insurance A special service for you: When you buy 2 or 4 new car tires, we offer you TCS tire insurance. With TCS tire insurance you are on the safe side! Because this insurance gives you quick, uncomplicated help in the event of tire damage. And it applies to every new tire for cars up to 3.5 t registered in the Federal Republic of Germany that you buy in your point S service center. Almost all possible damages are covered, including those that, for. B. caused by nails and curbs or even willful damage. (In the event of willful damage by third parties and theft, please also enclose a written proof of your police report.) The only exception: wear and tear of any kind. Our service • New tires are insured directly upon purchase • Term: 12 or 24 months • Tires for cars up to 3 are insured , 5 t, which are approved in the Federal Republic of Germany • Insurance also for commercial vehicles, except for commercial passenger transport or commercial rental • Insurance protection in the event of punctures, theft and vandalism • Max. Compensation per tire up to € 500 • Optionally also with pan-European breakdown assistance incl. 24-hour service hotline Comfortable, clear and uncomplicated. Insurance cover exists in the geographical borders of Europe as well as in the non-European areas that fall within the scope of the European Union. In Germany, TCS tire insurance can be used conveniently at any point S service center. Regardless of the service center where you bought the tire. The TCS tire insurance applies in addition to the previous manufacturer's guarantee. It comes into effect on the day the tire is purchased and ends after the agreed term. When you take out tire insurance, you will receive a policy from your dealer that will automatically serve as proof in the event of an insurance claim. For the duration of the term, you are guaranteed to receive a replacement if the damage is covered. The amount in the credit voucher depends on the depth of the remaining profile of the tyre. Insurance is not transferable and replacement is only provided for the damaged tire. Services such as assembly, disassembly, balancing etc. are excluded from the insurance. Credit note The amount of the credit note results from the remaining profile depth. The basis is the purchase price of the damaged tire and the depth of the remaining tread at the time of the damage. The residual tire value is determined on this basis. The residual tire value determined in this way will be reimbursed by the insurer, taking into account the maximum contractual compensation. Remaining tread depth Your credit * over 7.9 mm 100% over 7.0 mm 80% over 6.0 mm 60% over 5.0 mm 40% over 4.0 mm 20% * as a percentage of the purchase price of the old tire without services costs term Without breakdown assistance per tire With breakdown assistance per tire 1 year € 1.50 incl. 2.25 € incl. 2 years € 2.25 incl. 3.50 € incl. Address / Contact Manfred Krämer GmbH & Co. KG Elberfelder Str. 128 42477 Radevormwald Phone: 02195-2003 E-Mail: info@kraemer-gmbh.de ContactImprintTerms of UsePrivacy Policypoint S Deutschlandpoint S Contests