Terms and conditions | Manfred Krämer GmbH & Co. KG MENU Manfred Krämer GmbH & Co. KG Home About us About unsAnfahrtStellenangeboteTeamReifen ReifenPKWTransporterreifenMotorradNutzfahrzeugeUnsere strong brand brand tire label offers tire insurance Wheels Wheels Wheel Configurator alloy wheels Color your carStahlfelgenAktuelle wheels Offers Winter KompletträderAnfahrschutzReparatur- and accessories financing Auto Service Auto Service Maintenance & Service Accessories mobility guarantee business customers GeschäftskundenFlottenPKW service commercial vehicle Service24h HotlineE mobility Current date Store Oil gas station Current Notice Terms and conditions for all goods and Services of the tire trade and vulcanising craft as of: 1/2019 - recommended by the Federal Association of Tire Trade and Vulcanising craft, Bonn 1. Validity of the terms and conditions We work exclusively on the basis of our general terms and conditions. Deviating terms and conditions of our suppliers and customers are non-binding for us even if we do not expressly contradict them. 2. Conclusion of contract, agreed properties Contracts for the delivery of goods by us come about at the latest when we deliver them. Information in brochures, illustrations, drawings and other descriptions do not represent a guarantee of properties, unless they are expressly identified as such. 3. Reservation of delivery, delivery times, partial deliveries, transfer of risk in the case of mail order purchases We do not assume any procurement risk for goods ordered from us and are entitled to withdraw from the contract if, despite the prior conclusion of a corresponding purchase contract and despite demonstrable efforts to obtain the goods from the supplier, the delivery item cannot be obtained . If the non-compliance with a delivery time agreed for goods to be delivered or a completion date for work to be performed by us is due to force majeure, industrial action, fire, unforeseeable obstacles or other circumstances for which we are not responsible, the delivery or execution time for the Duration of these circumstances. This also applies if we are in default when the obstacle arises. If the impediment to performance continues for more than a month, both we and the customer are entitled to withdraw from the contract. Any further rights of the customer remain unaffected. We will immediately inform the customer of an obstacle to performance and, in the event of withdrawal, will immediately reimburse the customer for services already performed. If we provide work on a customer's vehicle, we are not obliged to provide a replacement vehicle even if we are responsible for a delay in execution. The right of the customer to claim reimbursement for the cost of a replacement vehicle that has been procured remains unaffected. If the customer is not a consumer within the meaning of § 13 BGB, the following provisions also apply to contracts for the delivery of goods: 5. We are entitled to make partial deliveries unless the customer cannot reasonably be expected to accept partial deliveries. If partial deliveries have been made, the provisions on delay in paragraph 2 only apply to the delivery that has not yet been made. 6. With the handover to the transport company, the risk passes to the customer. With the handover to the transport company, we are released from the obligation to perform. The transport of the goods is at the risk of the customer. This also applies if partial deliveries are made or we provide additional services, e.g. B. transport costs or delivery. 4. Price components, due date, acceptance, cost estimate, reminder costs Our prices are exclusive of the applicable VAT and apply from our company headquarters. For goods that the customer does not collect personally from our company headquarters, there are additional costs for packaging and shipping. If there is a period of more than 4 months between the conclusion of the contract and the agreed delivery date, we are entitled to pass on price increases resulting from the increase in our purchase prices or increases in labor costs. If the price increase exceeds 10% of the originally agreed price, our customer is entitled to withdraw from the contract. Purchase prices for goods delivered by us are due on the day of delivery without deduction. If we carry out work, the customer is obliged to accept the object of the order as soon as we inform him of the completion. The customer's right to refuse acceptance because the service is not essentially free of defects remains unaffected. Acceptance takes place at our company headquarters, unless expressly agreed otherwise. If we create a cost estimate at the customer's request, which includes the expected repair costs including VAT, the cost estimate for a subsequent repair is binding insofar as deviations of no more than 10% from the repair costs determined in the cost estimate are permitted. If the customer does not place a repair order, we are entitled to invoice the costs for the preparation of the cost estimate. If the customer does not pay within 2 weeks of the due date, we are entitled to issue a reminder and to charge a reminder fee of EUR 5.00 per reminder. 5. Retention of title Goods delivered by us remain our property until the purchase price has been paid in full. If the customer is not a consumer within the meaning of § 13 BGB, the following provisions also apply: 2. Goods delivered by us remain our property until all claims against the customer arising from the business relationship have been fulfilled. This also applies if some or all of our claims have been included in a current invoice and the balance has been drawn. 3. In the event of the sale of goods delivered by us, the customer assigns his claim from the resale against the customer with all ancillary rights to us as security. The assignment applies including any balance claims. However, the assignment applies only to the amount that corresponds to the price of the delivery item billed. 4.If the customer connects the goods delivered by us with land or moveable objects, he enters his claim, which he is entitled to as remuneration for the connection, with all ancillary rights as a security in the amount of the ratio of the value of the delivery item to the other connected goods at the time of the Connect to us. 5. The customer is obliged to notify us immediately of any enforcement access to the goods under our retention of title, as well as any damage or destruction. The same applies to a change of ownership of the goods and a change of the storage location of the goods. 6. Liability for material defects Liability for material defects is determined in accordance with the statutory provisions. In addition, the following rules apply: If the supplementary performance fails, the customer can choose to reduce the remuneration (reduction) or to cancel the contract (withdrawal). In the event of a minor breach of contract, especially in the case of only minor defects, the customer has no right of withdrawal. Claims for material defects against us are excluded if defects, impairments of use or damage can be attributed to the fact that a) the goods delivered by us have been repaired or otherwise processed, b) the serial number, the manufacturing mark or any other permanently affixed mark on the goods c) the tire pressure has demonstrably not been maintained, d) tires have been subjected to improper use, in particular by exceeding the permissible load for the size and type of tire and the assigned driving speed, e) Tires became damaged after assembly due to incorrect wheel position or their performance was impaired by other malfunctions in the wheel arch (e.g. dynamic imbalance), f) Tires on a non-teaching, rusty or otherwise defective field g) tires have become damaged or have been exposed to heat as a result of external influences or mechanical damage, h) the wheel nuts or screws have not been retightened after 50 km during a wheel change, provided we have advised our customers of this need upon delivery , i) Tires were stored outside by the customer or a third party commissioned by the customer prior to assembly, j) there is damage to the goods due to improper handling or accident, k) tires with tube-type designs with used tubes / bead bands, for tubeless versions without valve replacement (car tires) or without a new sealing ring (truck / shoulder tires) were installed by the customer or third parties. 3. The following limitation periods apply to liability for material defects: 2 years from delivery to the customer for the delivery of new goods 2 years from acceptance by the customer when performing work services 1 year from delivery to the customer when delivering retreaded car tires and retreaded tires Truck tires and other used goods. If the customer is not a consumer within the meaning of Section 13 of the German Civil Code, the following provisions also apply: 4. If the customer chooses to withdraw from the contract due to a legal or material defect after subsequent performance has failed, he is not entitled to any compensation claims due to the defect. 5. We are entitled to request replacement value for tires based on the degree of wear of the returned tire. 6. Deviating from the deadlines in paragraph 3, a limitation period of one year applies in all cases. 7. Limitations of liability We are liable in cases of intent or gross negligence in accordance with the statutory provisions. Otherwise, we are only liable according to the Product Liability Act, because of injury to life, limb or health or because of culpable violation of essential contractual obligations or insofar as we have maliciously concealed a defect or have given a guarantee for the quality of the delivery item. The claim for damages for the violation of essential contractual obligations is limited to the contract-typical, foreseeable damage. Essential contractual obligations are those whose fulfillment characterizes the contract and on which the customer can trust. Our liability for loss of earnings loss is excluded if the delay is due to the fact that the goods cannot be received from the supplier in good time despite a demonstrably timely order and despite a proven effort to obtain the goods in good time. 8. Dispute Settlement The consumer arbitration board responsible for us is the arbitration board for the tire trade and the vulcanising trade at the Federal Association of Tire Trade and Vulcanising Trade (BRV) Franz-Lohe-Strasse 19 53129 Bonn Website: www.bundesverband-reifenhandel.de/ members/ brv-schiedsstelle / 2.We are willing to participate in a dispute settlement procedure within the meaning of the Consumer Dispute Settlement Act before this consumer arbitration board. 9. Choice of law, place of performance, place of jurisdiction If the customer is not a consumer within the meaning of § 13 BGB, the following provisions apply: The law of the Federal Republic of Germany applies. The place of performance for all services from the contractual relationship is our company headquarters. The place of jurisdiction for disputes arising from or in connection with the contractual relationship is our company headquarters. Address / Contact Manfred Krämer GmbH & Co. KG Elberfelder Str. 128 42477 Radevormwald Phone: 02195-2003 E-Mail: info@kraemer-gmbh.de ContactImprintTerms of UsePrivacy Policypoint S Deutschlandpoint S Contests