Privacy Policy | Manfred Krämer GmbH & Co. KG MENU Manfred Krämer GmbH & Co. KG Home About us About unsAnfahrtStellenangeboteTeamReifen ReifenPKWTransporterreifenMotorradNutzfahrzeugeUnsere strong brand brand tire label offers tire insurance Wheels Wheels Wheel Configurator alloy wheels Color your carStahlfelgenAktuelle wheels Offers Winter KompletträderAnfahrschutzReparatur- and accessories financing Auto Service Auto Service Maintenance & Service Accessories mobility guarantee business customers GeschäftskundenFlottenPKW service commercial vehicle Service24h HotlineE mobility Current date Store Oil gas station Current Information Privacy Policy, we appreciate your Interested in our online presence. The protection of your personal data is of particular interest to us. Below we would like to inform you in detail about how to deal with them. This website is processed in accordance with the rules of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the TMG. This data protection declaration is for information in accordance with § 13 Telemediengesetz (TMG). It provides information on how, to what extent and for what purposes the visitor's personal data (hereinafter “you” or “user”) of the website is processed. If other legal legal bases are relevant, the processing of your personal data is also possible on the basis of your consent. To protect your data, we have taken a number of technical and organizational measures to ensure that the personal data collected on this website is protected as completely as possible. However, we would like to point out that data transmissions via the Internet generally have security gaps. Absolute protection cannot therefore be guaranteed. You can therefore also transmit personal data to us in alternative ways (e.g. by post). 1. Name and contact details of the person responsible This data protection information applies to data processing by: Manfred Krämer GmbH & Co. KG Elberfelder Str. 128 42477 Radevormwald Phone: 02195-2003 Fax: 02195-2005 E-Mail: info @ kraemer-gmbh. de 2. Name and contact details of the company data protection officer The company data protection officer can be reached as follows: Manfred Krämer GmbH & Co. KG Data Protection Officer Elberfelder Str. 128 42477 Radevormwald Phone: 02195-2003 Fax: 02195-2005 E-Mail: info @ kraemer -gmbh.de 3. Processing of personal data When visiting our website, personal data is collected about users who refer to a. IP address of the requesting computer, b. Date and time of access, c. Name and URL of the file accessed, i.e. Website from which access is made (referrer URL), e. browser used, f. if applicable, the operating system of your computer, g. Name of your access provider (internet service provider), h. approximate location of the proxy server, i. Status and amount of data transferred when visiting our website. Respectively. We process this data to improve the services and information provided by the website. to measure website activity, to compile statistics. Processing takes place on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR (protection of legitimate interests). Personal data of the user, for the processing of which the user has given consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 Clause 1 lit. is covered by the consent. Transmission of data via the contact form Our contact form uses SSL encryption. Data that you transmit to us and that is encrypted with SSL or TLS cannot be read by third parties. Encrypted connections can be recognized by the fact that a lock symbol appears in the address line of the browser and that "https: //" instead of "http: //" is there. Transmission of data using your e-mail program If you contact us via your e-mail program, it cannot be ruled out that third parties may take note of or change the content of your e-mail during the transmission process. The transmission of messages with content worth protecting should therefore only be done via our contact form. Forwarding of your personal data We will only forward your personal data if 1. you have given your express consent in accordance with Article 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter a GDPR. 2. the transfer according to Article 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR a. for assertion, b. for exercise or c. is necessary to defend legal claims and there is no reason to assume that you have an overriding legitimate interest in not disclosing your data. 3. There is a legal obligation for the transfer in accordance with Article 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter c GDPR. 4. This is legally permissible and is required for the processing of contractual relationships with you in accordance with Article 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter b GDPR. This also applies to the processing of your inquiries. Duration of storage of your personal data The duration of storage of your personal data is based on the respective legal retention period. After the deadline has expired, the corresponding data will be routinely deleted, provided that it is no longer required to fulfill or initiate a contract. The data that you send to us as part of your request via the contact form will be deleted immediately after your request has been processed. Cookies To make visiting our website attractive and to enable the use of certain functions, we use so-called "cookies" on some pages. These are small text files that are stored on your computer. After the end of the browser session, most of the cookies we use are deleted from your hard drive ("session cookies"). The so-called "permanent cookies", on the other hand, remain on your computer and enable us to recognize you on your next visit. Our partner companies are not permitted to use cookies to collect, process or use personal data via our website. You can prevent cookies from being stored on your computer by making the appropriate browser settings. However, this can limit the range of functions of our offer. The legal basis for the use of cookies is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in improving our website. Which cookies do we use? Cookie name Storage duration Domain Cookie purpose PHPSESSID browser session www.kraemer-gmbh.de Temporary storage of session data Google AnalyticsThis website uses functions of the web analytics service Google Analytics. The provider is Google Ireland Limited ("Google"), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The storage of Google Analytics cookies and the use of this analysis tool are based on Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both its website and its advertising. Browser plug-in You can prevent the storage of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading the browser plug-in available under the following link and install: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. Objection to data collection You can prevent Google Analytics from collecting your data by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie is set that prevents the collection of your data on future visits to this website: Deactivate Google Analytics You can find more information on handling user data with Google Analytics in Google's data protection declaration: https: //support.google. com / analytics / answer / 6004245? hl = de. Data stored at Google at user and event level that are linked to cookies, user IDs (e.g. User ID) or advertising IDs (e.g. DoubleClick cookies, Android advertising ID) are anonymized after 26 months or deleted. For details, see the following link: https: //support.google.com/analytics/answer/7667196? Hl = de Facebook Social Plugin Our website uses social plugins from the facebook.com network. This is operated by Facebook Inc., USA ("Facebook"). When you visit a website on our website that contains such a plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is transmitted from Facebook directly to your browser, which integrates it into the website. By integrating the plugins, Facebook receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding page of our website. If you are logged in to Facebook, Facebook can assign the visit to your Facebook account. If you interact with the plugins, for example by clicking the "Like" button or leaving a comment, the corresponding information will be transmitted from your browser directly to Facebook and saved there. For the purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook, as well as your rights and setting options to protect your privacy, please refer to Facebook's data protection information. de-de.facebook.com/policy.php If you do not want Facebook to collect data about you via our website, you must log out of Facebook before visiting our website. The legal basis for use is Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the publication of our website to a wide audience. Twitter Functions of the Twitter service are integrated on our website. These functions are offered by Twitter Inc., USA. By using Twitter and the "Re-Tweet" function, the websites you visit are linked to your Twitter account and made known to other users. Data is also transmitted to Twitter, and we would like to point out that we have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by Twitter. You can find more information on this in Twitter's data protection declaration at twitter.com/privacy.You can change your data protection settings on Twitter in the account settings at twitter.com/account/settings. The legal basis for integrating Twitter is Art. 6 Para. 1 Sentence 1 lit. f GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies e.g. in the announcement of our website to a wide audience. Google Maps This website uses Google Maps to visually display geographic information. When using Google Maps, Google also collects, processes and uses data about the use of the map function by visitors. You can find more information about data processing by Google in the Google data protection information. Newsletters and emails If you want to subscribe to our newsletter, we need your email address and confirmation that you are the owner of the email address you have given and that you agree to receive the newsletter and any advertising it contains. For the purpose of personalizing the newsletter or emails, we also ask for your first and last name, your gender and your date of birth. The data will not be passed on to third parties. The legal basis for the use of personal data for the purpose of sending newsletters is your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 Clause 1 lit. a GDPR). Competitions and voucher campaigns We also collect personal data as part of competitions and voucher campaigns. We use this data (email address, name, address, telephone number and date of birth) to notify the winners. If we run a competition with one of our partners, we will pass on the details of the winners to our partners for the purpose of notifying and / or sending the prize, if this is necessary for processing. The legal basis for the use of personal data for the implementation of competitions and voucher campaigns is your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 Clause 1 lit. a GDPR). 3. Your rights as a data subject Right to information (Art. 15 GDPR) You have the right to information about your personal data processed by us. In particular, you can obtain information about a. the purposes of processing, b. the category of personal data, c. the categories of recipients to whom your data has been or will be disclosed, d. the planned storage period, e. the existence of a right to correction, deletion, restriction of processing or objection, f. the right to lodge a complaint, g. the origin of your data, unless it was collected by us, and via h. require the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling and, if necessary, meaningful information about its details. Right to correction and completion (16 GDPR) You can request the immediate correction of incorrect data concerning you or the completion of your personal data stored by us. Right to deletion (17 GDPR) c. You can request the deletion of your personal data stored by us. You do not have this right if the processing is necessary to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information, to fulfill a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or to assert, exercise or defend legal claims. Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR) d. to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data in accordance with Article 18 GDPR if you dispute the accuracy of this data, if the processing is unlawful, but you refuse to delete it and we no longer need the data, but you need it for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or you have objected to processing in accordance with Article 21 GDPR. e. in accordance with Article 20 GDPR, to receive the personal data you have provided in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to request transmission to another person responsible. f. to revoke your consent given to us at any time in accordance with Article 7 (3) GDPR. As a result, we are no longer allowed to continue processing data based on this consent in the future. 4. Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR) If your personal data are processed on the basis of legitimate interests in accordance with Article 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR, you can object to the processing of your personal data. The prerequisite is that there are reasons that arise from your particular situation. The same applies to the objection to direct advertising. In this case, you have a general right to object, which we implement without specifying a particular situation. If you would like to exercise your right of withdrawal or objection, an email to info@kraemer-gmbh.de is sufficient. 5. Right to lodge a complaint (Art. 77 GDPR). For this purpose, you can contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence, your place of work or our company headquarters. Status of data protection declaration: August 2019 Address / Contact Manfred Krämer GmbH & Co.KG Elberfelder Str. 128 42477 Radevormwald Telephone: 02195-2003 E-Mail: info@kraemer-gmbh.de