Terms of Use | Manfred Krämer GmbH & Co. KG MENU Manfred Krämer GmbH & Co. KG Home About us About unsAnfahrtStellenangeboteTeamReifen ReifenPKWTransporterreifenMotorradNutzfahrzeugeUnsere strong brand brand tire label offers tire insurance Wheels Wheels Wheel Configurator alloy wheels Color your carStahlfelgenAktuelle wheels Offers Winter KompletträderAnfahrschutzReparatur- and accessories financing Auto Service Auto Service Maintenance & Service Accessories mobility guarantee business customers GeschäftskundenFlottenPKW service commercial vehicle Service24h HotlineE mobility Current date Store Oil gas station Current Notice Terms and conditions Please read the the following provisions, including the data protection clause, carefully before using these pages. By using these pages, you agree to the terms below. point S Deutschland GmbH, Ober-Ramstadt (hereinafter referred to as "point S") appreciates your interest in our products and your visit to our website. point S is a company under German law, the shareholders of which are economically independent tire dealers (the "point S tire dealers"). Subject of the websites: Information On this website we provide you with information about products and services of point S tire dealers free of charge. This information is non-binding and is provided for information purposes only. They are not binding offers within the meaning of the law. You can use the search function on our website to find the nearest point S tire dealer conveniently and easily. Contractual relationships only with point S tire dealers If you purchase products or services advertised on this website from a point S tire dealer, these transactions are the sole responsibility of the respective point S tire dealer. Liability 1. point S has taken over the information they find on these websites from point S tire dealers without checking their content and cannot accept any liability whatsoever for their correctness. Users agree to access these websites and their content at their own risk. Neither point S nor third parties who are involved in the publication or transmission of these websites are liable for any damage or injury that may result from the access or impossibility of access, use or impossibility of using these websites or from the fact that the customer relies on information contained on this website. 2. The disclaimer in accordance with no. 1. does not apply to intent and gross negligence. A statutory liability regardless of fault remains just as unaffected as the liability in the event of culpable injury to life, limb or health. Insofar as contractual obligations should be established in individual cases, point S is liable for damages which are based on an at least negligent breach of obligations, the fulfillment of which makes the proper execution of the contractual relationship possible in the first place and on which the user must regularly rely ("cardinal obligation"). Liability for the at least negligent breach of a cardinal obligation is limited to the typically foreseeable damage (contract-typical average damage). 3. The information on these websites as well as the products and services described in this information may be changed or updated at any time without prior notice from point S. 4. point S cannot guarantee that all pages are virus-free or free from other harmful components. Point S does not assume any correction or change costs for the individual user. This does not apply if a legal exemption or limitation of liability is not possible. Country of origin This website is checked, operated and updated by point S in Germany. Point S has not checked whether the content of this website outside of Germany is compatible with the legal provisions applicable there. If you download or use this website outside of Germany, you are responsible for ensuring that this is compatible with the law applicable in your country of residence. Links to other websites Links to third party websites or references to third party websites are provided to you as an additional service. The content and availability of these websites are completely independent of point S and are beyond the control of point S. point S is not liable for the content and availability of any of these third party websites that you access via the point S websites and assumes no responsibility for them Content, availability, compliance with data protection regulations or legal violations and their consequences, in particular damage, from the use of such websites. Brands and copyrights point S is either the owner or authorized to use the brands and logos (the "brands") displayed on these websites. None of the information on these websites should be interpreted as granting licenses or other trademark rights. This requires the express written consent of point S. Unauthorized use of these brands is strictly prohibited. Copyright © 2016 point S. All rights reserved. All texts, images, graphics, animations, videos, music, sounds and other materials on this website are subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights. Point S. point S has the copyrights for the selection, coordination and arrangement of the materials on this website. These materials may not be copied for commercial use or distribution, and these materials may not be modified or forwarded to other websites. Applicable law Any legal claims or disputes arising in connection with this website or its use are subject to German law with the exception of international private law. Address / Contact Manfred Krämer GmbH & Co. KG Elberfelder Str. 128 42477 Radevormwald Phone: 02195-2003 E-Mail: info@kraemer-gmbh.de ContactImprintTerms of UsePrivacy Policypoint S Deutschlandpoint S Contests