Data protection: Auto-Teile-Roiger Jump to navigation.Jump to content.Imprint | Data protection 1: Home.2: Offers.3: Our business.4: Thule.5: Rent me !!. 6: Car paints.7: Suppliers.8: Our team.9: Inquiry form.10: Directions.11: General terms and conditions. Auto-Teile-Roiger Triftstraße 267686 MackenbachOpening hours: Monday to Thursday09: 00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. 1:00 p.m. - 6:00 p.m. Friday 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. 1:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m. Saturday09: 00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. We will advise you Call us! Telephone: +49 6374 91496-0 Inquiry form 20th anniversary of 20 years of Autoteile Roiger means: - great customer proximity- customer satisfaction- quick procurement- high readiness for delivery ATEV offer data protection declaration1. Data protection at a glance General information The following information provides a simple overview of what happens to your personal data when you visit our website. Personal data is all data with which you can be personally identified. You can find detailed information on the subject of data protection in our data protection declaration below this text. Data collection on our website Who is responsible for data collection on this website? The data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. You can find their contact details in the imprint of this website. How do we collect your data? On the one hand, your data is collected by you communicating it to us. This can e.g. are data that you enter in a contact form. Our IT systems automatically collect other data when you visit the website. This is primarily technical data (e.g. internet browser, operating system or time of the page visit). This data is recorded automatically as soon as you enter our website. What do we use your data for? Part of the data is collected to ensure that the website is provided correctly. Other data can be used to analyze your user behavior. What rights do you have regarding your data? You have the right to receive information about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data at any time free of charge. You also have the right to request that this data be corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about data protection. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. You also have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted in certain circumstances. You can find details on this in the data protection declaration under "Right to restriction of processing". Analysis tools and tools from third-party providers When you visit our website, your surfing behavior can be statistically evaluated. This happens primarily with cookies and with so-called analysis programs. Your surfing behavior is usually analyzed anonymously; the surfing behavior cannot be traced back to you. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. You can find detailed information on this in the following data protection declaration. You can object to this analysis. We will inform you about the possibilities of objection in this data protection declaration. 2. General information and mandatory information Data protection The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration. When you use this website, various personal data are collected. Personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. This data protection declaration explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this is done. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from access by third parties. Information on the responsible body The responsible body for data processing on this website is: Auto-Teile-Roiger Triftstr. 2 67686 Mackenbach Phone: +49 6374 91496-0 E-Mail: kundenservice (at) autoteileroiger (dot) de The responsible body is the natural or legal person who alone or together with others about the purposes and means of processing personal data ( e.g. names, email addresses, etc.) decides. Revocation of your consent to data processing Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal email to us. The legality of the data processing carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. Right to object to data collection in special cases and direct advertising (Art. 21 GDPR) if data processing is based on Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. e or f GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time for reasons that arise from your particular situation; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. The respective legal basis on which processing is based can be found in this data protection declaration. If you file an objection, we will no longer process your personal data concerned, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims ( Objection according to Art. 21 Para. 1 GDPR). If your personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling insofar as it is connected to such direct advertising. If you object, your personal data will then no longer be used for direct marketing purposes (objection under Art. 21 Para. 2 GDPR). Right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority In the event of violations of the GDPR, the data subject has the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of their habitual residence, their place of work or the place of the alleged violation. The right to lodge a complaint is without prejudice to other administrative or judicial remedies. Right to data portability You have the right to have data that we process automatically based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract handed over to you or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you request the direct transfer of the data to another person responsible, this will only take place if it is technically feasible. SSL or TLS encryption For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or inquiries that you send to us as the site operator, this site uses SSL or. TLS encryption. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from “http: //” to “https: //” and by the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data that you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties. Information, blocking, deletion and correction You have the right to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, the right to correction, blocking or deletion of this data. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about personal data. Right to restriction of processing You have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint. The right to restrict processing exists in the following cases: If you dispute the accuracy of your personal data stored with us, we usually need time to check this. For the duration of the check, you have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted. If the processing of your personal data happened / happens unlawfully, you can request the restriction of the data processing instead of the deletion. If we no longer need your personal data However, if you need them to exercise, defend or assert legal claims, you have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted instead of being deleted. If you have lodged an objection in accordance with Art between your and our interests. As long as it is not clear whose interests outweigh the restrictions, you have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted. If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, this data - apart from its storage - may only be obtained with your consent or for the assertion , Exercise or defense of legal claims or to protect the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the European Union or a Member State. Objection to advertising e-mails We hereby object to the use of contact data published within the scope of the imprint for sending unsolicited advertising and information material. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam e-mails. 3. Data collection on our website Cookies Some of the websites use so-called cookies. Cookies do no damage to your computer and contain no viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective and safer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted. Cookies that are required to carry out the electronic communication process or to provide certain functions you require (e.g. shopping cart function) are set on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR saved. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. Insofar as other cookies (e.g. cookies for analyzing your surfing behavior) are stored, these are treated separately in this data protection declaration. Server log files The website provider automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are: browser type and browser version used operating system referrer URL host name of the accessing computer time of the server request IP address a combination of this data with other data sources is not made. This data is recorded on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the technically error-free presentation and optimization of his website - the server log files must be recorded for this. Contact form If you send us inquiries using the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the inquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. We will not pass on this data without your consent. The processing of the data entered in the contact form takes place exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 a GDPR). You can withdraw this consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal email to us. The legality of the data processing operations carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. The data you enter in the contact form will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory legal provisions - especially retention periods - remain unaffected. Processing of data (customer and contract data) We collect, process and use personal data only insofar as they are necessary for the establishment, content or change of the legal relationship (inventory data). This is done on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures. We only collect, process and use personal data about the use of our website (usage data) insofar as this is necessary to enable or bill the user for the use of the service. The customer data collected will be deleted after the order has been completed or the business relationship has ended. Statutory retention periods remain unaffected. Data transmission when concluding a contract for services and digital content We only transmit personal data to third parties if this is necessary in the context of contract execution, for example to the credit institution commissioned with the payment processing. The data will not be transmitted further or only if you have expressly consented to the transmission. Your data will not be passed on to third parties without express consent, for example for advertising purposes. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures. 4. Plugins and tools Google Web Fonts This page uses so-called web fonts provided by Google for the uniform display of fonts. When you call up a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache in order to display texts and fonts correctly. For this purpose, the browser you are using must connect to the Google servers. This gives Google knowledge that our website has been accessed via your IP address. Google Web Fonts are used in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font will be used by your computer. Further information on Google Web Fonts can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google's data protection declaration: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de. Google Maps This page uses the Google Maps map service via an API. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. To use the functions of Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this page has no influence on this data transmission. The use of Google Maps is in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers and to make it easier to find the places we have indicated on the website. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. More information on the handling of user data can be found in Google's data protection declaration: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de. Source: eRecht24 bondage-guru.net wish4book.com pornfiles.me