Terms and Conditions: Auto-Teile-Roiger Jump to navigation.Jump to content.Imprint | Data protection 1: Home.2: Offers.3: Our business.4: Thule.5: Rent me !!. 6: Car paints.7: Suppliers.8: Our team.9: Inquiry form.10: Directions.11: General terms and conditions. Auto-Teile-Roiger Triftstraße 267686 MackenbachOpening hours: Monday to Thursday09: 00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. 1:00 p.m. - 6:00 p.m. Friday 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. 1:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m. Saturday09: 00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. We will advise you Call us! Telephone: +49 6374 91496-0 Inquiry form 20th anniversary of 20 years of Autoteile Roiger means: - Close proximity to customers- Customer satisfaction- Fast procurement- High level of delivery ATEV offer General terms and conditions § 1 Offer and conclusion of contract The order signed by the customer is a binding offer. We can accept this offer within two weeks by sending an order confirmation or send the ordered goods within this period. § 2 Documents made available to all documents made available to the customer in connection with the placing of the order, e.g. We reserve the property rights and copyrights for calculations, drawings etc. These documents may not be made accessible to third parties, unless we give the customer our express written consent. If we do not accept the customer's offer within the period specified in § 1, these documents must be returned to us immediately. § 3 Prices and Payment 1. Our prices include sales tax (and packaging costs). Delivery and shipping costs are (not) included in our prices. 2. Payment of the purchase price must only be made to the account mentioned overleaf. The deduction of cash discount is only permitted with a special written agreement. 3. Interest on arrears is 5% above the respective base rate p. a. (see Appendix 1). The assertion of a higher damage caused by default remains reserved. In the event that we claim a higher damage caused by delay, the customer has the possibility to prove to us that the damage caused by delay was not incurred at all or at least in a significantly lower amount. § 4 Offsetting and retention rights The purchaser is only entitled to offsetting if his claims have been legally established or are undisputed. The customer is also entitled to offset against our claims if he asserts complaints or counterclaims from the same purchase contract. The purchaser is only authorized to exercise a right of retention insofar as his counterclaim is based on the same contractual relationship. § 5 Delivery time 1. Unless an expressly binding delivery date has been agreed, our delivery date or delivery periods are only non-binding information. 2. The beginning of the delivery time stated by us presupposes the timely and proper fulfillment of the obligations of the customer. The exception of the unfulfilled contract remains reserved. 3. If the customer defaults on acceptance or culpably violates other duties to cooperate, we are entitled to demand compensation for the resulting damage, including any additional expenses. Further claims remain reserved. The purchaser, in turn, reserves the right to prove that the damage in the amount requested did not occur at all or at least significantly less. The risk of accidental loss or accidental deterioration of the purchased item passes to the customer at the point in time when the customer is in default of acceptance or debtor. 4. Other legal claims and rights of the customer due to a delay in delivery remain unaffected. § 6 Retention of title 1. We reserve ownership of the delivered item until all claims from the delivery contract have been paid in full. § 7 Warranty and Notification of Defects 1. Insofar as the information contained in our brochures, advertisements and other offer documents has not been expressly designated as binding by us, the illustrations or drawings contained therein are only approximately authoritative If the purchaser and us have agreed upon the condition, or if he is not suitable for the requirements stipulated in our contract or for general use, or if he does not have the characteristics that the purchaser could expect from our public statements, we are obliged to perform the supplementary performance. this does not apply if we are entitled to refuse supplementary performance due to the legal regulations. 3. The customer initially has the choice of whether the supplementary performance should take the form of rectification or a replacement delivery. However, we are entitled to refuse the type of supplementary performance chosen by the customer if it is only possible with disproportionate costs and the other type of supplementary performance remains without significant disadvantages for the customer. During the subsequent performance, the reduction of the purchase price or the withdrawal from the contract by the customer are excluded. With the unsuccessful second attempt, rectification is deemed to have failed, unless the nature of the thing or the defect or the other circumstances in particular do not indicate otherwise. If the supplementary performance has failed or if we have refused the supplementary performance as a whole, the purchaser can choose to reduce the purchase price (reduction) or to withdraw from the contract. 4. The customer can only assert claims for damages under the following conditions due to the defect if the supplementary performance has failed or we have refused the supplementary performance. The right of the customer to assert further claims for damages under the following conditions remains unaffected. 5. We are also liable for damage caused by simple negligence insofar as this negligence concerns the violation of such contractual obligations, compliance with which is of particular importance for the achievement of the contractual purpose (cardinal obligations). However, we are only liable if the damage is typically associated with the contract and is foreseeable. We are not liable for simple negligent violations of non-essential secondary obligations. The limitations of liability contained in sentences 1 - 3 also apply insofar as the liability for legal representatives, managers and other vicarious agents is concerned. 6. Any further liability is excluded regardless of the legal nature of the asserted claim. Insofar as our liability is excluded or limited, this also applies to the personal liability of our employees, workers, staff, representatives and vicarious agents. 7. The warranty period is 2 years from the transfer of risk. This deadline also applies to claims for compensation for consequential harm caused by a defect, as long as no claims based on tort are asserted. § 8 Miscellaneous 1. This contract and the entire legal relationship between the parties are subject to the law of the Federal Republic of Germany to the exclusion of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG). 2. Should individual provisions of this contract be or become invalid or contain a loophole, the remaining provisions remain unaffected. Limitation of liability Any exclusion or limitation of liability for damage resulting from injury to life, limb or health, which is based on an intentional or negligent breach of duty by the user or an intentional or negligent breach of duty by a legal representative or vicarious agent of the user is ineffective. bondage-guru.net wish4book.com pornfiles.me