Radom truck service station - authorized salon and service: trucks (TIR), buses, semi-trailers, trailers - INTRUCK - Authorized service Volvo Trucks & Renault Trucks Find service Start Trucks Vehicles New trucks New Volvo trucks New Renault trucks Used trucks Renault new semi-trailers, trailersNew semi-trailers, trailers WieltonServiceService of trucks VolvoService of trucks RenaultServices of semitrailers and trailers of WieltonService contractsContractors Volvo service contracts Renault service contractsService packagesTrucks service Volvo servicesService systems Service trucksService serviceService serviceService service hOther service authorizations KNORR-BREMS service WABC service Parts and accessories Volvo truck parts and accessories Renault truck parts and accessories Other parts and accessories Truck tires Oils, lubricants, operating fluids Accident repairs Repair and diagnostic services Technical service Care and support directly from the personContactKarpin (Warsaw) Radom Truck service station Karpin near Warsaw. Truck service station Radom. Contact details of the Karpin branch near Warsaw. Contact details of the Radom branch ATTENTION: Learn more about changes in the functioning of authorized INTRUCK services due to the coronavirus pandemic. Dear customers, Despite the difficult situation in which we have all found ourselves, and meeting the need for continuity of supply, we would like to ensure that we will make every effort to keep your vehicles in motion. We are prepared and properly equipped so that you can safely use our services. Welcome to our services. Please be advised that as part of preventive measures we have introduced obligatory temperature measurement for all persons (employees, clients, suppliers) entering and entering the Intruck premises. The measurement is made at the entry barrier by a security guard. Please be advised that from May 1, 2020 for a period of 3 months we are introducing a limited amount of working time. This results in a new schedule of service hours: Monday 8: 00-17: 00 Tuesday-Friday 8: 00-14: 00 break 15: 00-21: 00 Saturday 8: 00-15: 00 In order to disinfect and exchange employees on Tuesday - Friday, we introduce a break between 14:00 and 15:00. This is to minimize the number of employees remaining on the site at the same time. Radom truck service station Strategic location on the E77 / 7 transit road Comfortable conditions for customers and employees Full service equipment Many years of experience in servicing heavy goods vehicles Workers regularly trained at Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks service schools Building of authorized Volvo Trucks & Renault Trucks service in Radom 6 service and repair stations 25 m long, customer service office, service rooms - 1740 m2 spare parts warehouse - 300 m2 social rooms and offices - 330 m2 Total: 2370 m2 The main scope of the Volvo Trucks & Renault Trucks service center in Radom Warranty repairs and post-warranty trucks: trucks (TIR), buses, semitrailers and trailers: Volvo Trucks Authorized Truck Service Center Renault Trucks Authorized Truck Service Center Wielton Trailer and Service Center Authorized Service Center s WABCO Authorized service KNORR-BREMSE Sales: Original parts and accessories for trucks Volvo Trucks Original parts and accessories for trucks Renault Trucks Service contracts Volvo Trucks Service contracts Renault Trucks Service packages Volvo Trucks Service packages Renault Trucks Truck tires Oils, lubricants, liquids maintenance for trucks Repair and diagnostic services: Drive system service Brake system service Tachograph service Truck tire service Toll Collect service Air conditioning system repair Accident repairs of heavy goods vehicles Testing the geometry of heavy goods vehicles Straightening truck frames Comprehensive care for heavy goods vehicles: preparing service schedules , providing parking space for a vehicle fleet. EXPRESS Service - quick repairs, such as replacing: pads, shock absorbers, filters, engine oils, coolants, V-belts, bulbs, batteries, etc. are made out of order. Hotspot (WiFi) - we provide website customers with Internet access via a wireless network. Installation of additional equipment, spotlights and signal lights, refrigerators, parking air conditioners, CB-radios and others. We invite all customers, owners of Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks vehicles to visit our truck service station in Radom. See also: Contact details of the Radom branch. Karpin truck service station near Warsaw Tags: Volvo Trucks Cars Volvo Trucks Cars Renault Trucks Renault Trucks Parts Renault Trucks Parts Volvo Trucks Choose a truck service station in Radom See on the map the location of our truck service point: Volvo Trucks, Renault Trucks and other brands in Radom. INTRUCK - Authorized Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks service - Radom ul. Kielecka 118, 26-600 Radom +48 48 360 98 08 +48 48 330 84 74 serwis_radom@intruck.pl Mon: 8: 00-17: 00 Tue-Fri: 8: 00-14: 00 / break / 15: 00 -21: 00 Sat: 8: 00-15: 00 Sun: closed Emergency support 24/7 +48 601 172 022 View full contact details Home / Contact / Radom truck service station Sales of new and used trucks Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks and service, parts, insurance, towing and non-cash accident repairs of trucks of all brands at authorized services in Karpino (Warsaw) and Radom. Truck service Volvo truck service Renault truck service Wielton semitrailer and trailer service TIR 24/7 roadside assistance Mobile truck service Towing trucks Truck accident repairs Trucks New trucks Used trucks New trucks New trailers, trailers Search by tag: Volvo FH Volvo FMX Renault Trucks. Renault Trucks cars. We care about your privacy. The administrator of personal data provided in the form will be Intruck Sp. z o.o. with its registered office in Warsaw (03-236), ul. Annopol 5, NIP: 5242483281, REGON: 015628586. Details related to the processing of personal data can be found in the Privacy Policy. © 2020 INTRUCK - Authorized Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks service - Karpin (Warsaw), Radom. All rights reserved. Start Trucks New trucks New Volvo trucks New Renault trucks Used trucks Used Volvo trucks Used Renault trucks New semi-trailers, trailers New semi-trailers, trailers Wielton Service center Volvo truck services Renault truck service Renault service trucks Trailers service dealers Volvo service dealers CollectAir conditioning system serviceBrake system serviceDriving system service 24h / 7 service Towing trucksMobile service of heavy goods vehiclesOther service authorizationsSKORR-BREMS service WABC service Parts and accessories Volvo parts and accessories Volvo parts and accessories Renault other parts and accessories Renault parts and accessories trucks, oils, lubricants, operating fluids, Accident repairs, Repair and diagnostic services, Straightening of the frame, Geometry testing, Promotions, about the company, work, technical facilities, chassis workshop, Hawka, AXIS 4000, privacy policy, information policy when collecting data directly from a person.