New semi-trailers, trailers - Wielton - INTRUCK - Authorized service of Volvo Trucks & Renault Trucks Find service and trailers Wielton Service contracts Volvo service contracts Renault service contracts Service packages Volvo service packages Renault service packages Service tires Truck service Tachograph service Toll Collect service Air conditioning systems service Brake systems Service propulsion service and service Truck service Transport services Car service Transport services Volvo truck chassis Renault parts and accessories Other parts and accessories Truck tires Oils, greases, service fluids Accident repairs Repair and diagnostic services Frame straightening Geometry testing Promotions No current promotions About the company Technical service Chassis workshop Hawk Contact AXIS 4000 Privacy policy Contact / Warsaw Radom truck service station Contact details of the Karpin branch near Warsaw Contact details of the Radom branch NOTE: Learn more about changes in the operation of authorized INTRUCK services due to the coronavirus pandemic. Dear customers, Despite the difficult situation in which we have all found ourselves, and meeting the need for continuity of supply, we would like to ensure that we will make every effort to keep your vehicles in motion. We are prepared and properly equipped so that you can safely use our services. Welcome to our services. Please be advised that as part of preventive measures we have introduced obligatory temperature measurement for all persons (employees, clients, suppliers) entering and entering the Intruck premises. The measurement is made at the entry barrier by a security guard. Please be advised that from May 1, 2020 for a period of 3 months we are introducing a limited amount of working time. This results in a new schedule of service hours: Monday 8: 00-17: 00 Tuesday-Friday 8: 00-14: 00 break 15: 00-21: 00 Saturday 8: 00-15: 00 In order to disinfect and exchange employees on Tuesday - Friday, we introduce a break between 14:00 and 15:00. This is to minimize the number of employees remaining on the site at the same time. New semi-trailers, trailers. See new Wielton semi-trailers and trailers available from Volvo Trucks & Renault Trucks authorized service. New Wielton semi-trailers, trailers Discover the whole range of new Wielton semi-trailers and trailers. Read more Choose a sales point for new semi-trailers and trailers. See where our sales points for new Wielton semi-trailers and trailers are located. INTRUCK - Authorized Wielton Service - Karpin (Warsaw) Karpin, ul. Białostocka 8, 05-252 Dąbrówka +48 22 380 21 77 +48 22 380 21 77 l.swierczynski @ wielton.coms.godlewski @ wielton.com.pl Mon: 8: 00-17: 00 Tue-Fri: 8:00 -14: 00 / break / 15: 00-21: 00 Sat: 8: 00-15: 00 Sun: closed Emergency support 24/7 +48 605 075 335 Start / Trucks / New semi-trailers, trailers Sale of new and used vehicles trucks, Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks, as well as service, parts, insurance, towing and non-cash accident repairs of trucks of all brands at authorized services in Karpino (Warsaw) and Radom. Truck service Volvo truck service Renault truck service Wielton semitrailer and trailer service TIR 24/7 roadside assistance Mobile truck service Towing trucks Truck accident repairs Trucks New trucks Used trucks New trucks New trailers, trailers Search by tags: Cars Volvo Trucks Volvo FMX Wielton Volvo FH We care about your privacy. The administrator of personal data provided in the form will be Intruck Sp. z o.o. with its registered office in Warsaw (03-236), ul. Annopol 5, NIP: 5242483281, REGON: 015628586. Details related to the processing of personal data can be found in the Privacy Policy. © 2020 INTRUCK - Authorized Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks service - Karpin (Warsaw), Radom. All rights reserved. Start Trucks New trucks New Volvo trucks New Renault trucks Used trucks Used Volvo trucks Used Renault trucks New semi-trailers, trailers New semi-trailers, trailers Wielton Service center Volvo truck services Renault truck service Renault service trucks Trailers service dealers Volvo service dealers CollectAir conditioning system serviceBrake system serviceDriving system service 24h / 7 service Towing trucksMobile service of heavy goods vehiclesOther service authorizationsSKORR-BREMS service WABC service Parts and accessories Volvo parts and accessories Volvo parts and accessories Renault other parts and accessories Renault parts and accessories trucks, oils, lubricants, operating fluids, Accident repairs, Repair and diagnostic services, Straightening of the frame, Geometry testing, Promotions, about the company, work, technical facilities, chassis workshop, Hawka, AXIS 4000, privacy policy, information policy when collecting data directly from a person.