Karpin truck service station near Warsaw - authorized salon and service for: trucks (TIR), buses, semi-trailers, trailers - INTRUCK - Authorized Volvo Trucks & Renault Trucks service Find service Home Trucks> New trucks New Volvo trucks New Renault trucks Used trucks trucks VolvoUżywane trucks RenaultNowe trailers, przyczepyNowe semitrailers, trailers WieltonSerwisSerwis trucks VolvoSerwis trucks RenaultSerwis trailer WieltonKontrakty serwisoweKontrakty Service VolvoKontrakty Service RenaultPakiety serwisowePakiety Service VolvoPakiety Service RenaultUsługi serwisoweSerwis tires ciężarowychSerwis tachografówSerwis Toll CollectSerwis systems klimatyzacjiSerwis systems hamulcowychSerwis systems napędowychUsługi Service 24h / 7Holowanie vehicles ciężarowychSerwis mobile vehicles Other service authorizations KNORR-BREMS service WABC service Parts and accessories Volvo truck parts and accessories Renault truck parts and accessories Other parts and accessories Truck tires Oils, lubricants, operating fluids Accident repairs Repair and diagnostic services Support and service Care and service Care and support directly from the personContactKarpin (Warsaw) Radom Truck service station Karpin near Warsaw. Truck service station Radom. Contact details of the Karpin branch near Warsaw. Contact details of the Radom branch. NOTE: Learn more about changes in the operation of authorized INTRUCK services due to the coronavirus pandemic. Dear customers, Despite the difficult situation in which we have all found ourselves, and meeting the need for continuity of supply, we would like to ensure that we will make every effort to keep your vehicles in motion. We are prepared and properly equipped so that you can safely use our services. Welcome to our services. Please be advised that as part of preventive measures we have introduced obligatory temperature measurement for all persons (employees, clients, suppliers) entering and entering the Intruck premises. The measurement is made at the entry barrier by a security guard. Please be advised that from May 1, 2020 for a period of 3 months we are introducing a limited amount of working time. This results in a new schedule of service hours: Monday 8: 00-17: 00 Tuesday-Friday 8: 00-14: 00 break 15: 00-21: 00 Saturday 8: 00-15: 00 In order to disinfect and exchange employees on Tuesday - Friday, we introduce a break between 14:00 and 15:00. This is to minimize the number of employees remaining on the site at the same time. Karpin truck service station near Warsaw. A modern facility completed in September 2010 (transfer of operations from Warsaw Annopol). Strategic location by the E67 / S8 transit road (to the Baltic countries and Russia). Comfortable conditions for customers and employees. One of the best equipped truck services in Poland Many years of experience in servicing heavy goods vehicles. Workers regularly trained at Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks service schools. Building of authorized Volvo Trucks & Renault Trucks service center in Karpino near Warsaw. 4 service and repair stations 28 m long, customer service office, service rooms - 1370 m2 spare parts warehouse - 250 m2 social rooms and offices - 530 m2 Total: 2150 m2 The main scope of activity of the Volvo & Renault Trucks service point in Karpin near Warsaw. Warranty and post-warranty repairs of trucks: trucks (T IR), buses, semitrailers and trailers: Authorized service truck Volvo Trucks Authorized service truck Renault Trucks Authorized service of trailers Wielton Authorized service WABCO Authorized service KNORR-BREMSE Sale: Original parts and accessories for trucks Volvo Trucks Original parts and accessories for trucks Renault Trucks Service contracts Volvo Trucks Service contracts Renault Trucks Service packages Volvo Trucks Service packages Renault Trucks Tires Oils, lubricants, fluids for trucks Vehicle repair and diagnostic services: Drive system service Brake system service Tachograph service Truck tire service Service Toll Collect Service of air conditioning systems. Accident repairs of heavy goods vehicles. Geometry testing of heavy goods vehicles. Straightening of heavy duty vehicle frames. Comprehensive care of heavy goods vehicles: pr preparing schedules for inspections and service activities, providing parking space for a fleet of vehicles. EXPRESS Service - quick repairs, such as replacing: pads, shock absorbers, filters, engine oils, coolants, V-belts, bulbs, batteries, etc. are made out of order. Hotspot (WiFi) - we provide website customers with Internet access via a wireless network. Installation of additional equipment, spotlights and signal lights, refrigerators, parking air conditioners, CB-radios and others. We invite all customers, owners of Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks vehicles to visit our truck service station in Karpin near Warsaw. See also: Contact details of the Karpin k / Warsaw branch. Radom truck service station Tags: Volvo Trucks Cars Volvo Trucks Cars Renault Trucks Renault Trucks Parts Renault Trucks Parts Volvo Trucks Choose a truck service station in Karpino (Warsaw) See on the map the location of our service point trucks: Volvo Trucks, Renault Trucks and other brands in Karpin near Warsaw. INTRUCK - Authorized Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks service - Karpin (Warsaw) Karpin, ul. Białostocka 8, 05-252 Dąbrówka +48 22 811 02 37 +48 22 811 13 51 serwis_karpin@intruck.pl Mon: 8: 00-17: 00 Tue-Fri: 8: 00-14: 00 / break / 15: 00 -21: 00 Sat: 8: 00-15: 00 Sun: closed Emergency support 24/7 +48 605 075 335 See full contact details Start / Contact / Karpin truck service station near Warsaw Sales of new and used Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks as well as service, parts, insurance, towing and non-cash accident repairs of trucks of all brands at authorized services in Karpino (Warsaw) and Radom. Truck service Volvo truck service Renault truck service Wielton semitrailer and trailer service TIR 24/7 roadside assistance Mobile truck service Towing trucks Truck accident repairs Trucks New trucks Used trucks New trucks New trailers, trailers Search by tag: Volvo FL Parts Renault Trucks Volvo FMX Volvo Trucks We care about your privacy. The administrator of personal data provided in the form will be Intruck Sp. z o.o. with its registered office in Warsaw (03-236), ul. Annopol 5, NIP: 5242483281, REGON: 015628586. Details related to the processing of personal data can be found in the Privacy Policy. © 2020 INTRUCK - Authorized Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks service - Karpin (Warsaw), Radom. All rights reserved. Start Trucks New trucks New Volvo trucks New Renault trucks Used trucks Used Volvo trucks Used Renault trucks New semi-trailers, trailers New semi-trailers, trailers Wielton Service center Volvo truck services Renault truck service Renault service trucks Trailers service dealers Volvo service dealers CollectAir conditioning system serviceBrake system serviceDriving system service 24h / 7 service Towing trucksMobile service of heavy goods vehiclesOther service authorizationsSKORR-BREMS service WABC service Parts and accessories Volvo parts and accessories Volvo parts and accessories Renault other parts and accessories Renault parts and accessories trucks, oils, lubricants, operating fluids, Accident repairs, Repair and diagnostic services, Straightening of the frame, Geometry testing, Promotions, about the company, work, technical facilities, chassis workshop, Hawka, AXIS 4000, privacy policy, information policy when collecting data directly from a person.