Privacy policy - INTRUCK - Authorized Volvo Trucks & Renault Trucks service Find service Start Trucks Trucks New trucks New Volvo trucks New Renault trucks Used trucks Volvo Used trucks Renault New trailers Semi trailers, trailers New trailers, Wielton service center Volvo truck services Trailers and nets service Volvo service contracts Renault service contracts Service packages Volvo service packages Renault service packages Service services Truck tire service Tachograph service Toll Collect service Air conditioning system service Brake system service Drive system service 24/7 service Towing truck services Service and accessories Service Services Service incandescent Volvo Parts and accessories for Renault trucks Other parts and accessories Truck tires Oils, lubricants, operating fluids Accident repairs Repair and diagnostic services Frame straightening Geometry testing Promotions No current promotions About the company Technical service Chassis workshop Hawk car AXIS 4000 Privacy policy Contact Warsaw Radom truck service station Contact details of the Karpin branch near Warsaw Contact details of the Radom branch NOTE: Learn more about changes in the functioning of authorized INTRUCK services due to the coronavirus pandemic. Dear customers, Despite the difficult situation in which we have all found ourselves, and meeting the need for continuity of supply, we would like to ensure that we will make every effort to keep your vehicles in motion. We are prepared and properly equipped so that you can safely use our services. Welcome to our services. Please be advised that as part of preventive measures we have introduced obligatory temperature measurement for all persons (employees, clients, suppliers) entering and entering the Intruck premises. The measurement is made at the entry barrier by a security guard. Please be advised that from May 1, 2020 for a period of 3 months we are introducing a limited amount of working time. This results in a new schedule of service hours: Monday 8: 00-17: 00 Tuesday-Friday 8: 00-14: 00 break 15: 00-21: 00 Saturday 8: 00-15: 00 In order to disinfect and exchange employees on Tuesday - Friday, we introduce a break between 14:00 and 15:00. This is to minimize the number of employees remaining on the site at the same time. Privacy Policy Dear User, We care about your privacy and want you to feel comfortable while using our services. Therefore, below we present the most important information about the rules for us to process your personal data and cookies that are used by our Website. This information has been prepared taking into account the GDPR, i.e. the general regulation on data protection. By subscribing to the newsletter, placing an order, adding a comment on the blog or simply contacting us, you provide us with your personal data, and we guarantee you that your data will remain confidential, secure and will not be disclosed to any third parties without your express consent. We use analytical tools, such as Google Analytics, which collect anonymous information about your visits to the site, such as the subpages you have displayed, the time you spent on the site or the transitions between individual subpages. This involves using Google cookies. We use remarketing tools, such as Facebook Pixel, to target ads to you. This involves the use of Facebook cookies. We display videos from YouTube and Vimeo on the website. Watching these videos is associated with the acceptance of Google cookies for the YouTube service and Vimeo cookies. We provide the opportunity to use social features such as sharing content on social networking sites and subscribing to a social profile. The use of these functions is associated with the use of cookies of social network administrators such as Facebook, Instagram, YouTube. We provide the ability to add comments on the blog, which involves the use of cookies. We use cookies so that you can comfortably use the website. If the above information is not enough for you, below you will find further details. The administrator of personal data INTRUCK Sp. z o.o. with its registered office in Warsaw 03-236, ul. Annopol 5, NIP: 524-24-83-281, REGON: 015628586, tel. +48 (22) 8110237 Personal data and privacy If you intend to use our services, you will be asked to provide us with your personal data. Your data is processed by us for the purposes indicated below, related to the functioning of the Website and the provision of services offered on it ("Services"). Purpose of processing: Depending on what you choose, it can be: Provision of services offered on the Website Direct marketing newsletter Basis for data processing: Service contract (Article 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR) We have a legal obligation , e.g. related to accounting (Article 6 para. 1 lit.c GDPR) Our legitimate interest, in order to determine, assert or defend claims (Article 6 para. 1 lit.f GDPR) Our legitimate interest, consisting in profiling for marketing purposes (art.6 par.1 lit.f RODO) Providing data: Voluntary, but in some cases it may be necessary to conclude a contract to place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, add a comment on the blog or simply contact with us. We guarantee the confidentiality of all personal data provided to me. We ensure that all security measures and personal data protection required by the provisions on personal data protection are taken. Personal data is collected with due diligence and adequately protected against access by unauthorized persons. Personal data is processed only within the European Union. The effect of not providing data: Depending on the purpose for which the data is provided: it is not possible to use the Website's services. Possibility to withdraw consent: at any time Processing data until you withdraw your consent remains lawful. Profiling is not carried out. Processing period. We will process your data only for the period in which we have a legal basis, i.e. until the moment when: we cease to have a legal obligation obliging us to process your data or the possibility of pursuing claims related to with the contract concluded by the Website by either party or you withdraw your consent to the processing of data, if it was its basis. depending on what applies and what will happen at the latest. Data security When processing your personal data, we use organizational and technical measures in accordance with applicable law, including encrypting the connection using an SSL certificate. Your rights In addition, you have the right to request: access to your personal data, rectification, deletion or limitation of processing, request to transfer data to another administrator. And also the right: to object to the processing of your data at any time: for reasons related to your particular situation - to the processing of personal data concerning you, based on art. 6 clause 1 lit. f GDPR (i.e. on legitimate interests pursued by the administrator), if personal data are processed for the purposes of direct marketing, to the extent that the processing is related to such direct marketing. Contact us if you want to exercise your rights. If you feel that your data is being processed unlawfully, you can submit a complaint to the supervisory authority. Newsletter Via the website you can subscribe to the newsletter containing information about new products, promotions, products and services related to my online activity. In order to send the newsletter, your personal data is processed in terms of name and email address. The legal basis for the processing of your personal data in the case of the newsletter is your consent expressed by checking the relevant content of the checkbox when subscribing to the newsletter. You can withdraw your consent at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter. The data is processed for the duration of the newsletter, unless you opt out of receiving the newsletter, which will delete the data from the database. Orders When placing an order, you must provide your personal data necessary to complete the order, i.e. name, e-mail address, telephone number and delivery address. You can also provide additional data, such as information about your business activity. If you have previously provided such data in your user account, then this data will be automatically substituted in the order form, but you can always modify it. The legal basis for processing your personal data contained in the order is the performance of the contract. The data provided in the order form will be saved in the database and will be stored in it until the limitation period for claims under the concluded contract. Each order is recorded as a separate item in the database. In addition to personal data, order details such as the date of the order, the subject and value of the order, the selected method of delivery and payment are also recorded. Invoices If we issue an invoice to you, we process your personal data to the extent necessary to issue an invoice. The legal basis for processing your data in this case is the fulfillment of the legal obligation to issue an invoice. In addition, all invoices issued are included in the accounting documentation, therefore your data will be naturally processed as part of this documentation for the period of time required by law. Comments By adding a comment on a blog, you provide us with your data regarding name, e-mail address, website address and content of the comment. In addition, the system records the IP address that you used to add the comment. The data is saved in the Wordpress database. Data from the database of our Wordpress system is stored there for the entire duration of the blog. The data will be deleted from the database when I decide to close the blog. In this case, your data is processed on the basis of your consent resulting from adding a comment. The data is processed solely for the purpose of publishing a comment on the blog. Part of the data (name and surname, profile picture) will be publicly available on the blog next to your comment. E-mail contact By contacting us via e-mail, you naturally give us your e-mail address as the sender's address. In addition, you can also include other personal data in the content of the message. The legal basis for processing personal data in this case is your consent resulting from initiating contact with me. Your personal data provided to me as part of an e-mail contact is processed solely to process your inquiry. The content of correspondence may be archived. Cookies Our Website, like most websites, uses so-called cookies. These files: are saved in the memory of your device (computer, telephone, etc.); enable you, among others, to use all the functions of the Website; do not change the settings of your device. Using the appropriate options of your browser, you can at any time: delete cookies, block the use of cookies in the future. On this Website, cookies are used to: remember information about your session, statistical, marketing, sharing the Website's functions. To learn how to manage cookies, including how to disable cookies in your browser, you can use the help file of your browser. You can read the information on this subject by pressing the F1 key in your browser. In addition, appropriate tips can be found on the following pages, depending on the browser you use: Firefox Chrome Safari Internet Explorer / Microsoft Edge If you do not disable the use of cookies in your browser settings, it means that you agree to their use. You can find more information about cookies on Wikipedia. Analysis and statistics I use cookies to track website statistics, such as the number of visitors, type of operating system and web browser used to view the website, time spent on the website, visited subpages etc. I use Google Analytics in this regard. The information collected in this regard is completely anonymous and does not allow your identification. For this purpose, Google LLC cookies for the Google Analytics service are used. Using Google Analytics services involves implementing the tracking code provided by Google in the code of my website. This code is based on cookies, but may also use other tracking technologies. Marketing We use Facebook's marketing tools to target ads on this site. For this purpose, I implemented Facebook Pixel in the code of the platform, which remembers your visit. Facebook cookies are used for this purpose. Videos from YouTube and Vimeo We embed videos from YouTube and Vimeo on the website. By displaying such a video, you agree to the use of Google LLC cookies regarding the YouTube service or Vimeo cookies. Social features We provide the ability to use social features such as sharing content on social networking sites and subscribing to a social profile. The use of these functions is associated with the use of cookies of social network administrators such as Facebook, Instagram, YouTube. Server logs Using the website involves sending queries to the server on which the website is stored. Each query directed to the server is saved in the server's logs. Logs include, among others Your IP address, server date and time, information about the web browser and operating system you are using. Logs are saved and stored on the server. The data saved in the server logs are not associated with specific people using the website and are not used by me to identify you. Server logs are only auxiliary material used to administer the site and their content is not disclosed to anyone except persons authorized to administer the server. External services / Data recipients We use the services of external entities to which your data may be transferred. The following is a list of these entities: Payment provider: TPay.com Persons cooperating with us under civil law contracts, supporting our current operations Hosting provider Supplier of software facilitating business operations (e.g. accounting software) Entity providing the mailing system Accounting office Entity facilitating the optimization of the Website Entity providing marketing services Social networking sites An entity that provides us with technical support Transfer of personal data to countries outside of the European Union Therefore, your personal data may also be processed by entities outside the European Union. The appropriate level of protection for your data, including through the use of appropriate safeguards, ensures the participation of these entities in the EU-US Privacy Shield, established by an implementing decision of the European Commission as a set of rules guaranteeing adequate protection of your privacy. Contact with the administrator Do you want to use your rights regarding personal data? Or maybe you just want to ask about something related to our Privacy Policy? Write to email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled in your browser to view it. Start / About us / Privacy / Privacy policy Sales of new and used Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks trucks as well as service, parts, insurance, towing and cash-free repairs of all brands of trucks authorized websites in Karpin (Warsaw) and Radom. Truck service Volvo truck service Renault truck service Wielton semi-trailer and truck service TIR 24/7 roadside assistance Mobile truck service Towing trucks Accident repairs of trucks Trucks New trucks Used trucks New trucks New trailers, trailers Search by tags: Cars Renault Trucks Volvo FE Renault Trucks Parts Volvo Trucks We care about your privacy. The administrator of personal data provided in the form will be Intruck Sp. z o.o. with its registered office in Warsaw (03-236), ul. Annopol 5, NIP: 5242483281, REGON: 015628586. Details related to the processing of personal data can be found in the Privacy Policy. © 2020 INTRUCK - Authorized Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks service - Karpin (Warsaw), Radom. All rights reserved. Start Trucks New trucks New Volvo trucks New Renault trucks Used trucks Used Volvo trucks Used Renault trucks New semi-trailers, trailers New semi-trailers, trailers Wielton Service center Volvo truck services Renault truck service Renault service trucks Trailers service dealers Volvo service dealers CollectAir conditioning system serviceBrake system serviceDriving system service 24h / 7 service Towing trucksMobile service of heavy goods vehiclesOther service authorizationsSKORR-BREMS service WABC service Parts and accessories Volvo parts and accessories Volvo parts and accessories Renault other parts and accessories Renault parts and accessories trucks, oils, lubricants, operating fluids, Accident repairs, Repair and diagnostic services, Straightening of the frame, Geometry testing, Promotions, about the company, work, technical facilities, chassis workshop, Hawka, AXIS 4000, privacy policy, information policy when collecting data directly from a person.