Privacy - INTRUCK - Authorized Volvo Trucks & Renault Trucks service Find service Start Trucks New trucks New Volvo trucks New Renault trucks Used trucks Used Volvo trucks Used Renault trucks New semi-trailers, trailers New semi-trailers, trailers WieltonService Service of trucks and trailers Trailer service center Volvo Service Contracts Renault Service Packages Volvo Service Packages Renault Service Packages Service Services Truck Tire Service Tachograph Service Toll Collect Service Air Conditioning System Service Brake System Service Drive System Service 24/7 Service Towing Truck Service Mobile Service Truck Service & Parts Service & Service Services h Volvo Parts and accessories for Renault trucks. Other parts and accessories. Truck tires. Oils, greases, operating fluids. Accident repairs. Repair and diagnostic services. Straightening frames. Warsaw Radom truck service station Contact details of the Karpin branch near Warsaw Contact details of the Radom branch NOTE: Learn more about changes in the functioning of authorized INTRUCK services due to the coronavirus pandemic. Dear customers, Despite the difficult situation in which we have all found ourselves, and meeting the need for continuity of supply, we would like to ensure that we will make every effort to keep your vehicles in motion. We are prepared and properly equipped so that you can safely use our services. Welcome to our services. Please be advised that as part of preventive measures we have introduced obligatory temperature measurement for all persons (employees, clients, suppliers) entering and entering the Intruck premises. The measurement is made at the entry barrier by a security guard. Please be advised that from May 1, 2020 for a period of 3 months we are introducing a limited amount of working time. This results in a new schedule of service hours: Monday 8: 00-17: 00 Tuesday-Friday 8: 00-14: 00 break 15: 00-21: 00 Saturday 8: 00-15: 00 In order to disinfect and exchange employees on Tuesday - Friday, we introduce a break between 14:00 and 15:00. This is to minimize the number of employees remaining on the site at the same time. Privacy Privacy Policy Read the current privacy policy. Read more Information clause when downloading data directly from a person Read the current information clause when downloading data directly from a person. Read more. Start / About the company / Privacy. Sales of new and used Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks trucks as well as service, parts, insurance, towing and non-cash repairs of all brands of trucks at authorized services in Karpino (Warsaw) and Radom. Truck service Volvo truck service Renault truck service Wielton semitrailer and trailer service TIR 24/7 roadside assistance Mobile truck service Towing trucks Accident repair of trucks Trucks New trucks Used trucks New trucks New trailers, trailers Search by tag: Volvo FE Volvo FMX Renault Trucks Volvo Trucks We care for your privacy. The administrator of personal data provided in the form will be Intruck Sp. z o.o. with its registered office in Warsaw (03-236), ul. Annopol 5, NIP: 5242483281, REGON: 015628586. Details related to the processing of personal data can be found in the Privacy Policy. © 2020 INTRUCK - Authorized Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks service - Karpin (Warsaw), Radom. All rights reserved. Start Trucks New trucks New Volvo trucks New Renault trucks Used trucks Used Volvo trucks Used Renault trucks New semi-trailers, trailers New semi-trailers, trailers Wielton Service center Volvo truck services Renault truck service Renault service trucks Trailers service dealers Volvo service dealers CollectAir conditioning system serviceBrake system serviceDriving system service 24h / 7 service Towing trucksMobile service of heavy goods vehiclesOther service authorizationsSKORR-BREMS service WABC service Parts and accessories Volvo parts and accessories Volvo parts and accessories Renault other parts and accessories Renault parts and accessories trucks, oils, lubricants, operating fluids, Accident repairs, Repair and diagnostic services, Straightening of the frame, Geometry testing, Promotions, about the company, work, technical facilities, chassis workshop, Hawka, AXIS 4000, privacy policy, information policy when collecting data directly from a person.