New Wielton semi-trailers, trailers - INTRUCK - Authorized Volvo Trucks & Renault Trucks service Find service Start Trucks Trucks New trucks New Volvo trucks New Renault trucks Used trucks Used Volvo trucks Used Renault trucks New trailers, trailers Wielton trailers Service contracts Volvo service contracts Renault service contracts Service packages Volvo service packages Renault service packages Service services Truck tire service Tachograph service Service Toll Collect Air conditioning system service Brake system service Drive service and service Truck service and service Car service and service Volvo truck parts Renault truck parts and accessories Other parts and accessories Truck tires Oils, greases, service fluids Accident repairs Repair and diagnostic services Frame straightening Geometry testing Promotions No current promotions About the company Technical service Chassis workshop Hawk Contact AXIS 4000 Privacy policy Contact / Warsaw Radom truck service station Contact details of the Karpin branch near Warsaw Contact details of the Radom branch NOTE: Learn more about changes in the operation of authorized INTRUCK services due to the coronavirus pandemic. Dear customers, Despite the difficult situation in which we have all found ourselves, and meeting the need for continuity of supply, we would like to ensure that we will make every effort to keep your vehicles in motion. We are prepared and properly equipped so that you can safely use our services. Welcome to our services. Please be advised that as part of preventive measures we have introduced obligatory temperature measurement for all persons (employees, clients, suppliers) entering and entering the Intruck premises. The measurement is made at the entry barrier by a security guard. Please be advised that from May 1, 2020 for a period of 3 months we are introducing a limited amount of working time. This results in a new schedule of service hours: Monday 8: 00-17: 00 Tuesday-Friday 8: 00-14: 00 break 15: 00-21: 00 Saturday 8: 00-15: 00 In order to disinfect and exchange employees on Tuesday - Friday, we introduce a break between 14:00 and 15:00. This is to minimize the number of employees remaining on the site at the same time. New Wielton semi-trailers, trailers. Choose a new Wielton semi-trailer or trailer tailored to your needs and the type of transport you deal with on a daily basis. Wielton box semi-trailer Wielton NS 3 SP M2 box-tarpaulin semi-trailer Wielton NS 3 SP box-tarpaulin semi-trailer Wielton NS 3 S / M 2 box semi-trailer Wielton NS 3 S box semi-trailer Curtain semi-trailers Wielton semi-trailer NS 3 K / M2 curtain side Download brochure Wielton semi-trailer Curtain NS 3 K Download brochure Wielton NS 3 KB / M2 flatbed curtainsider Download brochure Wielton NS 3 KB flatbed curtainsider Download brochure Wielton box semi-trailers Wielton semi-trailer NS 3 F panel van Wielton refrigerated semi-trailers Wielton NS 3 C M2 semi-trailer Download brochure Semi-trailers Wielton tipper semi-trailer Wielton Weight Master aluminum oblique Download brochure Wielton Strong Master semi-trailer steel half-pipe Download brochure Wielton Scrap Master semi-trailer for scrap transportation Download brochure Wielton container semi-trailers Wielton NS 3 P 45 R1 container container Download brochure See also: Authorized service of semi-trailers and trailers Wielton Tags: Wielton Choose point p sales of new semi-trailers and trailers See where our sales points for new Wielton semi-trailers and trailers are located. INTRUCK - Authorized Wielton Service - Karpin (Warsaw) Karpin, ul. Białostocka 8, 05-252 Dąbrówka +48 22 380 21 77 +48 22 380 21 77 l.swierczynski @ wielton.coms.godlewski @ wielton.com.pl Mon: 8: 00-17: 00 Tue-Fri: 8:00 -14: 00 / break / 15: 00-21: 00 Sat: 8: 00-15: 00 Sun: closed Emergency support 24/7 +48 605 075 335 Start / Trucks / New semi-trailers, trailers / New semi-trailers, trailers Wielton Sales of new and used Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks trucks as well as service, parts, insurance, towing and non-cash accident repairs of trucks of all brands at authorized services in Karpino (Warsaw) and Radom. Truck service Volvo truck service Renault truck service Wielton semitrailer and trailer service TIR 24/7 roadside assistance Mobile truck service Towing trucks Truck accident repairs Trucks New trucks Used trucks New trucks New semi-trailers, trailers Search by tags: Wielton Volvo FH Volvo FL. Volvo Trucks. We care about your privacy. The administrator of personal data provided in the form will be Intruck Sp. z o.o. with its registered office in Warsaw (03-236), ul. Annopol 5, NIP: 5242483281, REGON: 015628586. Details related to the processing of personal data can be found in the Privacy Policy. © 2020 INTRUCK - Authorized Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks service - Karpin (Warsaw), Radom. All rights reserved. Start Trucks New trucks New Volvo trucks New Renault trucks Used trucks Used Volvo trucks Used Renault trucks New semi-trailers, trailers New semi-trailers, trailers Wielton Service center Volvo truck services Renault truck service Renault service trucks Trailers service dealers Volvo service dealers CollectAir conditioning system serviceBrake system serviceDriving system service 24h / 7 service Towing trucksMobile service of heavy goods vehiclesOther service authorizationsSKORR-BREMS service WABC service Parts and accessories Volvo parts and accessories Volvo parts and accessories Renault other parts and accessories Renault parts and accessories trucks, oils, lubricants, operating fluids, Accident repairs, Repair and diagnostic services, Straightening of the frame, Geometry testing, Promotions, about the company, work, technical facilities, chassis workshop, Hawka, AXIS 4000, privacy policy, information policy when collecting data directly from a person.