Information clause when downloading data directly from a person - INTRUCK - Authorized service of Volvo Trucks & Renault Trucks Find service Renault Wielton semitrailer and trailer service service contracts Volvo service contracts Renault service contracts Service packages Volvo service packages Renault service packages Renault service services Truck tire service Tachograph service Service Toll Collect Service of air conditioning systems Service of brakes Service of vehicles Service of services Service of vehicles 24h Service services 24h cesoria parts and accessories for Volvo trucks. Parts and accessories for Renault trucks. Other parts and accessories. Truck tires. Oils, greases, service fluids. Accident repairs. Repair and diagnostic services. of trucks Karpin k / Warszawy Radom truck service station Contact details of the Karpin k / Warsaw branch Contact details of the Radom branch NOTE: Learn more about changes in the functioning of authorized INTRUCK services due to the coronavirus pandemic. Dear customers, Despite the difficult situation in which we have all found ourselves, and meeting the need for continuity of supply, we would like to ensure that we will make every effort to keep your vehicles in motion. We are prepared and properly equipped so that you can safely use our services. Welcome to our services. Please be advised that as part of preventive measures we have introduced obligatory temperature measurement for all persons (employees, clients, suppliers) entering and entering the Intruck premises. The measurement is made at the entry barrier by a security guard. Please be advised that from May 1, 2020 for a period of 3 months we are introducing a limited amount of working time. This results in a new schedule of service hours: Monday 8: 00-17: 00 Tuesday-Friday 8: 00-14: 00 break 15: 00-21: 00 Saturday 8: 00-15: 00 In order to disinfect and exchange employees on Tuesday - Friday, we introduce a break between 14:00 and 15:00. This is to minimize the number of employees remaining on the site at the same time. Information clause when collecting data directly from a person In connection with the rules on the personal data of natural persons, which are effective from May 25, 2018. (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46 / EC (General Data Protection Regulation) ( Journal of Laws EU L 119, p. 1) - hereinafter the GDPR, we would like to inform you what we do with the data we collect, what the data is used for and what rights we have in relation to their processing. Your personal data is Intruck Sp.zoo, based in Warsaw (03-236), ul. Annopol 5, NIP: 524-24-83-281, REGON: 015628586, telephone number +48 (22) 8110237, e- mail: This email address is protected against spam. To view it, you need to enable JavaScript in your browser (hereinafter referred to as "Administrator"); The purpose and legal basis for the processing of personal data Your personal data will be processed on the basis of: Article 6 paragraph 1 point a) - c) GDPR for the purpose of concluding by you / Intruck Sp. z o. o. contracts for the provision of services that are provided by Intruck Sp. z o. o and performance concluded by you from Intruck Sp. z o. o. the contract for the provision of services offered by Intruck Sp. z o. o., as well as the implementation of Intruck Sp. z o. o. legal obligations, fraud detection and prevention, determination and defense as well as redress, direct marketing, creation of statements, analyzes and statistics, verification of payment credibility, handling complaints and notifications, financial settlements, including issuing accounting documents. in addition, the Contractor's personal data may be processed on the basis of art. 6 clause 1 lit. f through video monitoring located in Intruck Sp. z o. o., only in public areas (corridors, staircases, reception, etc.). The use of visual monitoring is aimed at ensuring the safety of our contractors and other people staying on its territory, as well as the protection of property. The scope of processed data we process the following data that relate to you - name and surname, e-mail address, telephone number, data on the place of residence, PESEL number, ID card or passport number, date of birth, we can also collect financial identification data (data credit / debit card). Duration of data processing Your personal data will be processed by us for the entire duration of the service contract, and after that time until the limitation period for claims arising from it - a maximum of 10 years, recorded in accounting documents, data necessary to issue an invoice - for 5 years counted from the end of the billing period, processed by us on the basis of our legitimate interest, as the administrator of personal data, will be processed throughout the duration of this interest, processed for the purposes of direct marketing of our own products and services - until objection, processed by video monitoring will be stored for 30 days, unless, due to the event, further processing will be necessary for the purposes of proceedings conducted pursuant to the provisions of the Act. Sharing data We will only share your personal data with: our subcontractors with whom we have concluded separate contracts for entrusting the processing of personal data; IT companies and providing IT support and infrastructure for Intruck Sp. z o. o; law firms, courier companies and postal operators, insurance companies, entities authorized under applicable law (e.g. courts, prosecutors), tax offices. Transfer of data to third countries or international organizations Your personal data, as a rule, are not transferred outside the EEA. The transfer of your personal data outside the EEA may, however, occur to IT service providers when it is necessary to perform your service, including when the implementation of the service will require the participation of Intruck Sp. z o. o having offices outside the EEA. Your rights You have the right to: access to them and receive a copy of them; correct (correct) your data; the right to delete them if you think that we have no basis for their processing; restrictions on data processing, e.g. solely to their storage or other needs indicated by you, as well as in a situation where an objection has been raised to the processing of personal data; opposition to marketing. You can always object to the processing of personal data for direct marketing purposes (in such a situation we will not process them for this purpose); object to their processing on the basis of a legitimate interest because of your particular situation. For this purpose, you must provide us with a reason (special situation) for which we must stop processing data. We will stop processing your data for these purposes if we do not show that our grounds for processing override your rights, or if we need them to determine, assert or defend claims; transferring data that can be carried out by receiving from us, at your request, personal data in formats that will be easy to read (e.g. csv or other readily available) or you may ask us for that data transferred to another data controller (another service provider); lodge a complaint to the President of the Office for Personal Data Protection, whose contact details and method of exercising this right will be easily found on the Internet, on the official website of the Office for Personal Data Protection. Information on the requirement / voluntary provision of data To the extent that your personal data is collected on the basis of a legal provision, i.e. art. 6 clause 1 lit. b) and lit. c) and li. f) GDPR, if you do not provide all the personal data required, depending on the circumstances, you may be refused to conclude a contract with you for the services offered by Intruck Sp. z o. o. or constitute an obstacle or impediment to the conclusion or performance of the contract for the provision of services offered by Intruck Sp. z o. o. To the extent that your personal data is collected on the basis of consent, providing personal data is voluntary. However, your refusal to consent for marketing purposes or withdrawal of your consent will prevent Intruck Sp. z o. o. informing you about new offers and promotions. Information on automated decision making, including profiling. You may be subject to a decision based solely on the automated processing of personal data, including profiling, if the applicable law entitles us to do so or you agree to it beforehand. Start / About the company / Privacy / Information clause when downloading data directly from a person Sales of new and used Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks trucks as well as service, parts, insurance, towing and non-cash repairs of all brands of trucks at authorized services in Karpino (Warsaw) and Radom. Truck service Volvo truck service Renault truck service Wielton semitrailer and trailer service TIR 24/7 roadside assistance Mobile truck service Towing trucks Truck accident repairs Trucks New trucks Used trucks New trucks New semi-trailers, trailers Search by tags: Wielton Volvo FH. Renault Trucks Volvo FM Parts. We care about your privacy. The administrator of personal data provided in the form will be Intruck Sp. z o.o. with its registered office in Warsaw (03-236), ul. Annopol 5, NIP: 5242483281, REGON: 015628586. Details related to the processing of personal data can be found in the Privacy Policy. © 2020 INTRUCK - Authorized Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks service - Karpin (Warsaw), Radom. All rights reserved. Start Trucks New trucks New Volvo trucks New Renault trucks Used trucks Used Volvo trucks Used Renault trucks New semi-trailers, trailers New semi-trailers, trailers Wielton Service center Volvo truck services Renault truck service Renault service trucks Trailers service dealers Volvo service dealers CollectAir conditioning system serviceBrake system serviceDriving system service 24h / 7 service Towing trucksMobile service of heavy goods vehiclesOther service authorizationsSKORR-BREMS service WABC service Parts and accessories Volvo parts and accessories Volvo parts and accessories Renault other parts and accessories Renault parts and accessories trucks, oils, lubricants, operating fluids, Accident repairs, Repair and diagnostic services, Straightening of the frame, Geometry testing, Promotions, about the company, work, technical facilities, chassis workshop, Hawka, AXIS 4000, privacy policy, information policy when collecting data directly from a person.