Promotions - INTRUCK - Authorized Volvo Trucks & Renault Trucks service Find service Home Trucks New trucks New Volvo trucks New Renault trucks Used trucks Volvo Used trucks Renault New trailers Semi trailers, trailers New trailers, Wielton service trucks Volvo truck services Trailers and nets Trailers Service center Renault service Volvo Service Contracts Renault Service Packages Volvo Service Packages Renault Service Packages Service Services Truck tire service Tachograph service Service Toll Collect Air conditioning system service Brake system service Propulsion system service 24/7 service Towing of trucks Vehicle service and service Other services and services Service lvo Parts and accessories for Renault trucks. Other parts and accessories. Truck tires. Oils, lubricants, operating fluids. Accident repairs. Repair and diagnostic services. Straightening frames. service of Radom trucks Contact details of the Karpin branch / Warsaw Contact details of the Radom branch NOTE: Learn more about changes in the operation of authorized INTRUCK services due to the coronavirus pandemic. Dear customers, Despite the difficult situation in which we have all found ourselves, and meeting the need for continuity of supply, we would like to ensure that we will make every effort to keep your vehicles in motion. We are prepared and properly equipped so that you can safely use our services. Welcome to our services. Please be advised that as part of preventive measures we have introduced obligatory temperature measurement for all persons (employees, clients, suppliers) entering and entering the Intruck premises. The measurement is made at the entry barrier by a security guard. Please be advised that from May 1, 2020 for a period of 3 months we are introducing a limited amount of working time. This results in a new schedule of service hours: Monday 8: 00-17: 00 Tuesday-Friday 8: 00-14: 00 break 15: 00-21: 00 Saturday 8: 00-15: 00 In order to disinfect and exchange employees on Tuesday - Friday, we introduce a break between 14:00 and 15:00. This is to minimize the number of employees remaining on the site at the same time. Promotions Check the current promotions and special offers available at our authorized Volvo & Renault Trucks services. Action SPRING / SUMMER 2019 Volvo Trucks - Aftersales Check out Volvo Trucks spring-summer 2019 offer for service, original parts, accessories and accessories. Read more Akcja WIOSNA / SUMMER 2019 Renault Trucks - Aftersales See Renault Trucks spring-summer 2019 suggestions for service, original parts, accessories and accessories. Read more Winter Action 2018/2019 Volvo Trucks - Aftersales See the Volvo Trucks 2018 winter offer for service, original parts, accessories and accessories. Read more Page 1 of 13 12345678910Next article end Home / Promotions Sale of new and used Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks trucks as well as service, parts, insurance, towing and non-cash repairs of all brands of trucks at authorized services in Karpino (Warsaw) and Radom. Truck service Volvo truck service Renault truck service Wielton semitrailer and trailer service TIR 24/7 roadside assistance Mobile truck service Towing trucks Truck accident repairs Trucks New trucks Used trucks New trucks New semi-trailers, trailers Search by tags: Wielton Renault Trucks Cars Renault Trucks Volvo FL We care about your privacy. The administrator of personal data provided in the form will be Intruck Sp. z o.o. with its registered office in Warsaw (03-236), ul. Annopol 5, NIP: 5242483281, REGON: 015628586. Details related to the processing of personal data can be found in the Privacy Policy. © 2020 INTRUCK - Authorized Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks service - Karpin (Warsaw), Radom. All rights reserved. Start Trucks New trucks New Volvo trucks New Renault trucks Used trucks Used Volvo trucks Used Renault trucks New semi-trailers, trailers New semi-trailers, trailers Wielton Service center Volvo truck services Renault truck service Renault service trucks Trailers service dealers Volvo service dealers CollectAir conditioning system serviceBrake system serviceDriving system service 24h / 7 service Towing trucksMobile service of heavy goods vehiclesOther service authorizationsSKORR-BREMS service WABC service Parts and accessories Volvo parts and accessories Volvo parts and accessories Renault other parts and accessories Renault parts and accessories trucks, oils, lubricants, operating fluids, Accident repairs, Repair and diagnostic services, Straightening of the frame, Geometry testing, Promotions, about the company, work, technical facilities, chassis workshop, Hawka, AXIS 4000, privacy policy, information policy when collecting data directly from a person.