Non-cash accident repairs of trucks - trucks (TIR), buses, semi-trailers - INTRUCK - Authorized service Volvo Trucks & Renault Trucks Find service Start Trucks, New trucks New Volvo trucks New Renault trucks Used trucks Used Volvo trucks Used Renault trucks Wielton trailers Service Volvo truck service Renault Trucks service Wielton trailer and service center Service contracts Volvo service contracts Renault service contracts Service packages Volvo service packages Renault service packages Service services Truck tire service Tachograph service Service of service of systems of service of systems of service of systems of driving systems KNORR-BREMS Service WABC service Parts and accessories Volvo truck parts and accessories Renault truck parts and accessories Other parts and accessories Truck tires Oils, lubricants, operating fluids Accident repairs Repair and diagnostic services Straightening of the frame Testing of the geometry Promotion Special offer The service personsKontaktKarpin (Warsaw) Radom Truck service station Karpin near Warsaw. Truck service station Radom. Contact details of the Karpin branch near Warsaw. Contact details of the Radom branch. NOTE: Learn more about changes in the functioning of authorized INTRUCK services due to the coronavirus pandemic. Dear customers, Despite the difficult situation in which we have all found ourselves, and meeting the need for continuity of supply, we would like to ensure that we will make every effort to keep your vehicles in motion. We are prepared and properly equipped so that you can safely use our services. Welcome to our services. Please be advised that as part of preventive measures we have introduced obligatory temperature measurement for all persons (employees, clients, suppliers) entering and entering the Intruck premises. The measurement is made at the entry barrier by a security guard. Please be advised that from May 1, 2020 for a period of 3 months we are introducing a limited amount of working time. This results in a new schedule of service hours: Monday 8: 00-17: 00 Tuesday-Friday 8: 00-14: 00 break 15: 00-21: 00 Saturday 8: 00-15: 00 In order to disinfect and exchange employees on Tuesday - Friday, we introduce a break between 14:00 and 15:00. This is to minimize the number of employees remaining on the site at the same time. Accident repairs of trucks We perform comprehensive accident repairs of trucks: trucks (Volvo Trucks, Renault Trucks and other brands), buses (Volvo Trucks, Renault Trucks and other brands), semi-trailers and trailers (various types). Thanks to our many years of experience, we are able to perform virtually any accident repair of a truck: quickly, accurately and with a guarantee. At our accident repair centers for trucks we have the appropriate repair and diagnostic equipment enabling us to professionally straighten truck frames and carry out tests of chassis geometry and the frame after repair. We belong to the PZU S.A. repair network - we implement the so-called self-liquidation of damage: damage reporting, damage inspection, calculation in the Audatex system, repair settlement. We also work with most insurance companies, enabling non-cash settlement of accident repair of heavy goods vehicles. We provide towing of a damaged truck to our services. Recommended repair and diagnostic services Professional diagnostics and repair of accident-damaged trucks: Volvo Trucks, Renault Trucks and other brands. Straightening truck frames. Comprehensive straightening truck frames. Read more Heavy vehicle geometry testing. Comprehensive chassis and truck geometry testing. Read more 1 Choose a service center that performs accident repair of trucks See where our accident repair centers for trucks are located: Volvo Trucks, Renault Trucks and other brands. INTRUCK - Authorized Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks service - Karpin (Warsaw) Karpin, ul. Białostocka 8, 05-252 Dąbrówka +48 22 811 02 37 +48 22 811 13 51 serwis_karpin@intruck.pl Mon: 8: 00-17: 00 Tue-Fri: 8: 00-14: 00 / break / 15: 00 -21: 00 Sat: 8: 00-15: 00 Sun: closed Emergency support 24/7 +48 605 075 335 INTRUCK - Authorized Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks service - Radom ul. Kielecka 118, 26-600 Radom +48 48 360 98 08 +48 48 330 84 74 serwis_radom@intruck.pl Mon: 8: 00-17: 00 Tue-Fri: 8: 00-14: 00 / break / 15: 00 -21: 00 Sat: 8: 00-15: 00 Sun: closed Emergency support 24/7 +48 601 172 022 Our service authorizations for trucks We have service authorizations for Volvo Trucks, Renault Trucks and many other brands. Authorized VOLVO TRUCKS service. Authorized representative of Volvo Trucks in Poland. Read more. Authorized RENAULT TRUCKS service. Authorized representative of Renault Trucks in Poland. Read more. Authorized WIELTON website. Authorized Wielton representative in Poland. Read more. Authorized WABCO service. Authorized representative of WABCO in Poland. Read more Authorized KNORR-BREMSE service. Authorized representative of the KNORR-BREMSE company in Poland. Read more 1 Start / Accident repair Sales of new and used Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks trucks as well as service, parts, insurance, towing and non-cash repairs of all brands of trucks at authorized service centers in Karpino (Warsaw) and Radom. Truck service Volvo truck service Renault truck service Wielton semitrailer and trailer service TIR 24/7 roadside assistance Mobile truck service Towing trucks Truck accident repairs Trucks New trucks Used trucks New trucks New semi-trailers, trailers Search by tags: Wielton Volvo Trucks Volvo FMX Volvo FL We care about your privacy. The administrator of personal data provided in the form will be Intruck Sp. z o.o. with its registered office in Warsaw (03-236), ul. Annopol 5, NIP: 5242483281, REGON: 015628586. Details related to the processing of personal data can be found in the Privacy Policy. © 2020 INTRUCK - Authorized Volvo Trucks and Renault Trucks service - Karpin (Warsaw), Radom. All rights reserved. Start Trucks New trucks New Volvo trucks New Renault trucks Used trucks Used Volvo trucks Used Renault trucks New semi-trailers, trailers New semi-trailers, trailers Wielton Service center Volvo truck services Renault truck service Renault service trucks Trailers service dealers Volvo service dealers CollectAir conditioning system serviceBrake system serviceDriving system service 24h / 7 service Towing trucksMobile service of heavy goods vehiclesOther service authorizationsSKORR-BREMS service WABC service Parts and accessories Volvo parts and accessories Volvo parts and accessories Renault other parts and accessories Renault parts and accessories trucks, oils, lubricants, operating fluids, Accident repairs, Repair and diagnostic services, Straightening of the frame, Geometry testing, Promotions, about the company, work, technical facilities, chassis workshop, Hawka, AXIS 4000, privacy policy, information policy when collecting data directly from a person.