Privacy Policy - Oldtimer Service Kranz Home Vehicle Service Spare Parts About Us News & Events Contact Compare Shopping Cart Office: +49 2834 7603 Email: info@oldtimerservice-kranz.de Zeppelinstrasse 20 47638 | Straelen Germany Show on map Shopping cart Live-Chat Home Vehicle service Spare parts About us News & Events Contact Privacy Policy We collect, use and store your personal data exclusively within the framework of the provisions of the Federal Data Protection Act of the Federal Republic of Germany. Below we will inform you about the type, scope and purpose of the data collection and use. Collection and processing of data Every access to our website and every call of a file stored on this website are logged. The storage serves internal system-related and statistical purposes. The following are recorded: name of the file accessed, date and time of access, amount of data transferred, notification of successful access, web browser and requesting domain. Additionally, the IP addresses of the requesting computers are logged. Further personal data are only recorded if the user of the website and / or customer provides information voluntarily, for example in the context of an inquiry or registration or to conclude a contract or via the settings of his browser. Our website uses cookies. A cookie is a text file that is sent when you visit a website and is temporarily stored on the hard drive of the website user and / or customer. If the corresponding server of our website is called up again by the user of the website and / or customer, the browser of the user of the website and / or the customer sends the cookie previously received back to the server. The server can then evaluate the information obtained through this procedure in various ways. Cookies can e.g. B. Adverts can be controlled or navigation on a website can be made easier. If the user of the website and / or customer wants to prevent the use of cookies, he can do this by making local changes to his settings in the Internet browser used on his computer, i.e. the program for opening and displaying websites (e.g. Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox , Opera or Safari). Use and disclosure of personal data If the user of our website has provided personal data, we only use it to answer inquiries from the user of the website and / or customers, to process contracts concluded with the user of the website and / or customers and for technical administration. Personal data will only be passed on to third parties or otherwise transmitted if this is necessary for the purpose of contract execution or for billing purposes or if the user of the website and / or the customer has given prior consent. The user of the website and / or the customer has the right to withdraw consent given with future effect at any time. The stored personal data will be deleted if the user of the website and / or the customer revokes the consent to the storage, if their knowledge is no longer required to fulfill the purpose of the storage or if their storage is inadmissible for other legal reasons. Data for billing and accounting purposes are not affected by a request for deletion. Right to information Upon written request, we will inform the user of the website and / or the customer about the data stored about them. The request should be sent to the address given in the website's legal notice. Extended data protection declaration This data protection declaration clarifies the type, scope and purpose of the processing of personal data (hereinafter referred to as "data") within our online offer and the associated websites, functions and content as well as external online presences, e.g. our social media profile (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "online offer"). With regard to the terminology used, e.g. “Processing” or “responsible person”, we refer to the definitions in Art. 4 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Responsible Hubert, Kranz / Oldtimer Service Kranz Zeppelinstrasse 20 47638 Straelen Germany Email address: info@oldtimerservice-kranz.de Managing Director / Owner: Hubert, Kranz Link to the imprint: https://www.oldtimerservice-kranz.de/impressum/ Types of data processed: - Inventory data (e.g., names, addresses). - Contact details (e.g., email, telephone numbers). - Content data (e.g. text entries, photographs, videos). - Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times). - Meta / communication data (e.g., device information, IP addresses). Categories of data subjects Visitors and users of the online offer (in the following we refer to the data subjects collectively as "users"). Purpose of processing - making the online offer, its functions and content available. - Answering contact requests and communicating with users. - Safety measures. - Range measurement / marketing Terms used "personal data" are all information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter "data subject"); An identifiable person is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by assigning an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier (e.g. cookie) or one or more special features, expressing the physical, physiological, genetic, psychological, economic, cultural or social identity of this natural person. “Processing” is any process carried out with or without the help of automated processes or any such series of processes in connection with personal data. The term goes far and covers practically every handling of data. "Pseudonymization" means the processing of personal data in such a way that the personal data can no longer be assigned to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that this additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organizational measures that ensure that the personal data cannot be assigned to an identified or identifiable natural person. “Profiling” means any type of automated processing of personal data, which consists in the fact that this personal data is used to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular aspects relating to work performance, economic situation, health, personal Analyze or predict the preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or relocation of this natural person. The “person responsible” is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body that alone or together with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data. "Processor" means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body that processes personal data on behalf of the person responsible. Relevant legal basis In accordance with Art. 13 GDPR, we will inform you of the legal basis for our data processing. Unless the legal basis is mentioned in the data protection declaration, the following applies: The legal basis for obtaining consent is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a and Art. 7 GDPR, the legal basis for processing for the performance of our services and implementation of contractual measures as well as answering inquiries is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR, the legal basis for processing to fulfill our legal obligations is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. c GDPR, and the legal basis for processing to protect our legitimate interests is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. In the event that vital interests of the data subject or another natural person require the processing of personal data, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. d GDPR serves as the legal basis. Security measures We take appropriate measures in accordance with Art. 32 GDPR, taking into account the state of the art, the implementation costs and the type, scope, circumstances and purposes of the processing as well as the different probability and severity of the risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of protection appropriate to the risk. The measures include, in particular, ensuring the confidentiality, integrity and availability of data by controlling the physical access to the data, as well as the access, input, transfer, securing availability and its separation. Furthermore, we have set up procedures that guarantee the exercise of data subject rights, deletion of data and reaction to data threats. We also take the protection of personal data into account when developing or selecting hardware, software and processes, in accordance with the principle of data protection through technology design and data protection-friendly default settings (Art. 25 GDPR). Cooperation with processors and third parties If we disclose data to other people and companies (processors or third parties) as part of our processing, transfer them to them or otherwise give them access to the data, this is only based on legal permission (e.g. if a transfer the data to third parties, such as payment service providers, is required to fulfill the contract in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.b GDPR), you have a legal obligation to do so or based on our legitimate interests (e.g. when using agents, web hosts) , Etc.). If we commission third parties to process data on the basis of a so-called "order processing contract", this is done on the basis of Art. 28 GDPR. Transfers to third countries If we process data in a third country (i.e. outside the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA)) or if this takes place within the scope of the use of third-party services or disclosure or transmission of data to third parties, this is done only if it happens to fulfill our (pre) contractual obligations, on the basis of your consent, on the basis of a legal obligation or on the basis of our legitimate interests. Subject to legal or contractual permissions, we process or have the data processed in a third country only if the special requirements of Art. 44 ff. GDPR are met. I.e. the processing takes place e.g. on the basis of special guarantees, such as the officially recognized determination of a data protection level corresponding to the EU (e.g. for the USA through the "Privacy Shield") or compliance with officially recognized special contractual obligations (so-called "standard contractual clauses"). Rights of the data subjects You have the right to request confirmation as to whether the data in question are being processed and for information about this data and for further information and a copy of the data in accordance with Art. You have accordingly. Art. 16 DSGVO the right to request the completion of the data concerning you or the correction of the incorrect data concerning you. In accordance with Art. 17 GDPR, you have the right to request that the data in question be deleted immediately, or alternatively, in accordance with Art. 18 GDPR, to request that the processing of the data be restricted. You have the right to request that the data concerning you, which you have provided to us, be received in accordance with Art. 20 GDPR and to request their transmission to other responsible persons. You have also gem. Art. 77 GDPR the right to file a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. Right of withdrawal You have the right to withdraw consent in accordance with Art. 7 Para. 3 GDPR with effect for the future. Right of objection You can object to the future processing of your data in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR at any time. The objection can in particular be made against processing for direct marketing purposes. Cookies and right to object to direct advertising “Cookies” are small files that are stored on users' computers. Different information can be stored within the cookies. A cookie is primarily used to store information about a user (or the device on which the cookie is stored) during or after their visit within an online offer. Temporary cookies, or “session cookies” or “transient cookies”, are cookies that are deleted after a user leaves an online offer and closes his browser. In such a cookie e.g. the content of a shopping cart in an online shop or a login status can be saved. Cookies are referred to as "permanent" or "persistent" and remain saved even after the browser is closed. For example, the login status is saved if the users visit it after several days. Such a cookie can also be used to store the interests of users who are used for range measurement or marketing purposes. A “third party cookie” refers to cookies that are offered by providers other than the person responsible for operating the online offer (otherwise, if they are only their cookies, we speak of “first party cookies”). We can use temporary and permanent cookies and clarify this in the context of our data protection declaration. If users do not want cookies to be stored on their computer, they are asked to deactivate the corresponding option in the system settings of their browser. Stored cookies can be deleted in the system settings of the browser. The exclusion of cookies can lead to functional restrictions of this online offer. A general objection to the use of cookies used for online marketing purposes can be found on a large number of services, especially in the case of tracking, via the US website http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or the EU website http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ be explained. Furthermore, cookies can be saved by switching them off in the browser settings. Please note that not all functions of this online offer can then be used. Deletion of data The data processed by us are deleted in accordance with Art. 17 and 18 GDPR or their processing is restricted. Unless expressly stated in this data protection declaration, the data stored by us will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required for its intended purpose and there are no statutory retention requirements to prevent deletion. If the data is not deleted because it is required for other and legally permissible purposes, its processing will be restricted. I.e. the data will be blocked and not processed for other purposes. This applies e.g. for data that must be kept for commercial or tax reasons. According to legal requirements in Germany, storage is carried out for 10 years in particular in accordance with §§ 147 Paragraph 1 AO, 257 Paragraph 1 No. 1 and 4, Paragraph 4 HGB (books, records, management reports, accounting documents, trading books, more relevant for taxation Documents, etc.) and 6 years according to § 257 Paragraph 1 No. 2 and 3, Paragraph 4 HGB (commercial letters). According to legal requirements in Austria, storage is carried out for 7 years in particular in accordance with Section 132 (1) BAO (accounting documents, receipts / invoices, accounts, receipts, business papers, statement of income and expenses, etc.) for 22 years in connection with land and for 10 years for documents in connection with electronically provided services, telecommunication, radio and television services, which are provided to non-entrepreneurs in EU member states and for which the mini-one-stop shop (MOSS) is used. Business-related processing We also process - contract data (e.g., subject matter of the contract, term, customer category). - Payment data (e.g., bank details, payment history) from our customers, prospects and business partners for the purpose of providing contractual services, service and customer care, marketing, advertising and market research. Establishing contact When contacting us (e.g. via contact form, email, telephone or via social media), the information provided by the user for processing the contact request and processing it in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR processed. The information provided by users can be stored in a customer relationship management system (“CRM system”) or a comparable request organization. We delete the requests if they are no longer necessary. We check the necessity every two years; The statutory archiving obligations also apply. Hosting and e-mail delivery, The hosting services we use serve to provide the following services: infrastructure and platform services, computing capacity, storage space and database services, e-mail delivery, security services and technical maintenance services that we use for the purpose use the operation of this online offer. Here, we or our hosting provider process inventory data, contact data, content data, contract data, usage data, meta and communication data of customers, interested parties and visitors to this online offer based on our legitimate interests in the efficient and secure provision of this online offer in accordance with. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR in conjunction Art. 28 GDPR (conclusion of an order processing contract). Collection of access data and log files We, or our hosting provider, collect based on our legitimate interests within the meaning of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f. GDPR data about every access to the server on which this service is located (so-called server log files). The access data includes the name of the website accessed, file, date and time of access, amount of data transferred, notification of successful access, browser type and version, the user's operating system, referrer URL (the previously visited page), IP address and the requesting provider . For security reasons (e.g. to investigate misuse or fraud), log file information is stored for a maximum of 7 days and then deleted. Data whose further storage is necessary for evidence purposes are excluded from deletion until the respective incident has been finally clarified. Online presences in social media We maintain online presences within social networks and platforms in order to communicate with the customers, interested parties and users active there and to be able to inform them about our services. When calling up the respective networks and platforms, the terms and conditions and the data processing guidelines of their respective operators apply. Unless otherwise stated in our data protection declaration, we process the data of users provided that they communicate with us within social networks and platforms, e.g. Write articles on our online presence or send us messages. Integration of third-party services and content We use content or services from third-party providers within our online offer based on our legitimate interests (ie interest in the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer within the meaning of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. GDPR) a to their content and services, such as Include videos or fonts (hereinafter referred to as “content”). This always presupposes that the third-party providers of this content perceive the IP address of the user, since without the IP address they could not send the content to their browser. The IP address is therefore required to display this content. We strive to only use content whose respective providers only use the IP address to deliver the content. Third-party providers can also use so-called pixel tags (invisible graphics, also known as "web beacons") for statistical or marketing purposes. The "pixel tags" can be used to evaluate information such as visitor traffic on the pages of this website. The pseudonymous information can also be stored in cookies on the user's device and contain, among other things, technical information about the browser and operating system, referring websites, time of visit and other information on the use of our online offer, as well as being linked to such information from other sources. Vimeo We can integrate the videos of the “Vimeo” platform from Vimeo Inc., Attention: Legal Department, 555 West 18th Street New York, New York 10011, USA. Data protection declaration: https://vimeo.com/privacy. We point out that Vimeo can use Google Analytics and refer to the data protection declaration (https://www.google.com/policies/privacy) and opt-out options for Google Analytics (http://tools.google .com / dlpage / gaoptout? hl = de) or Google's settings for data use for marketing purposes (https://adssettings.google.com/.). YouTube We integrate the videos from the “YouTube” platform from Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Data protection declaration: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/, opt-out: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated. Google Fonts We integrate the fonts (“Google Fonts”) from the provider Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Data protection declaration: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/, opt-out: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated. Google ReCaptcha We bind the function to detect bots, e.g. for entries in online forms (“ReCaptcha”) from the provider Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Data protection declaration: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/, opt-out: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated. Google Maps We integrate the maps of the service “Google Maps” from Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. The processed data can include, in particular, IP addresses and location data of the users, which, however, are not collected without their consent (usually carried out as part of the settings of their mobile devices). The data can be processed in the USA. Data protection declaration: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/, opt-out: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated. Created with Datenschutz-Generator.de by RA Dr. Thomas Schwenke © 2002 - 2020 - Oldtimer Service Kranz | Imprint | Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Search Price for a car Privacy Policy Name Email Phone I agree with storaging of my data by this website. inquiry