Service - Oldtimer-Service Kranz Home Vehicle range Service Spare parts About us News & Events Contact Compare Shopping cart Office: +49 2834 7603 Email: info@oldtimerservice-kranz.de Zeppelinstrasse 20 47638 | Straelen Germany Show on map Shopping cart Live-Chat Home Vehicle service Spare parts About us News & Events Contact Service Event rides Are you looking for an unusual gift or do you want to make your celebration unforgettable? How about a stylish exit in a classic car? Our fleet offers you the right automobile for every occasion. Wedding trips, festive occasions, culinary excursions, birthdays, communion, baptisms. We are at your disposal for any further questions, suggestions, and a tour of the vehicle fleet. Visit us in our premises in Straelen. Classic car ride with chauffeur: from € 280, - * flat rate for 2 hours every additional hour or part thereof € 100, - * plus mileage allowance € 1, - per km driven from Straelen plus VAT Oldtimer mediation Would you like to sell your oldtimer? On request, Oldtimerservice Kranz will take care of the entire process discreetly and securely for you, from the search for a suitable buyer to transport. We maintain contacts with collectors, dealers and classic car enthusiasts all over Europe. There is sure to be a suitable buyer for your vehicle underneath. You place the order with us and do not have to worry about anything afterwards. We take over the advertising and exhibition of your classic and conduct discussions with interested parties. In advance, we will conclude a contract with you that contains all the points for a clean and risk-free transaction. We will pick up your classic car on request and prepare it carefully for sale. Then we present it in our showroom, at trade fairs, exhibitions and the appropriate internet portals. The right buyer is guaranteed to be among the classic car fans who visit us. Just talk to us and make an appointment without obligation at 0049-172-60 59 166 or by email to info@oldtimerservice-kranz.de. Vehicle overview Spare parts In Straelen we always have a wide range of different original parts in stock for your classic car. Procuring the right spare parts for classic cars can be a challenge, but through our contacts all over Europe we can usually get rare parts at short notice. All of the classic car parts we offer have been tested and are fully functional. Of course, we also install the spare parts professionally. If you need a specific classic car spare part, simply use the contact form for a non-binding inquiry. We're here to help! Appraisal & valuation Oldtimer Service Kranz asks you for an assessment and evaluation of your vehicle according to DIN EN ISO IEC 17024 by an EU-certified expert. The appraisal will be prepared at your home or in our premises after an appointment. This applies to proof at the insurance company and for the valuation of your vehicle. TÜV Nord service workshop You can also demonstrate your classic car to TÜV. In addition to full acceptance, acceptance according to §21 and §23 is also possible. Of course, we are also happy to prepare for the TÜV inspection of your classic car. We always have a wide range of different spare parts in stock and can get many parts at short notice. Tire service From our own experience we know that the procurement of vintage tires can be a big problem. We work with reliable companies in the UK so we can get almost any suitable tire at short notice and have it delivered directly to you. Dynamometer Our workshop has a modern dynamometer on which we can measure the performance of your classic car exactly. The simulation of different load ranges enables us to precisely adjust your vehicle and optimize performance. © 2002 - 2020 - Oldtimer Service Kranz | Imprint | Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Search Price for a car Service Name Email Telephone I agree with storaging of my data by this website. inquiry