General Terms and Conditions - Oldtimer Service Kranz Home Vehicle Service Spare Parts About Us News & Events Contact Compare Shopping Cart Office: +49 2834 7603 Email: info@oldtimerservice-kranz.de Zeppelinstrasse 20 47638 | Straelen Germany Show on map Shopping cart Live chat Home Vehicle service Spare parts About us News & Events Contact General terms and conditions § 1 Scope, definitions (1) For the business relationship between the classic car service Kranz (hereinafter "provider") and the customer (hereinafter "customer “) Apply exclusively the following general terms and conditions in the version valid at the time of the order. (2) The customer is a consumer, insofar as the purpose of the ordered deliveries and services cannot be attributed to his commercial or independent professional activity. In contrast, an entrepreneur is any natural or legal person or legal partnership that, when concluding the contract, acts in the exercise of its commercial or independent professional activity. (3) Deviating conditions of the customer are not recognized, unless the provider expressly agrees to their validity in writing. § 2 Conclusion of contract (1) The contract comes into being through an offer and acceptance. (2) The mere display of the goods does not constitute an offer by the provider. This is simply a request for the customer to submit an offer (invitatio ad offerendum). § 3 Conclusion of contract for contracts via the platform "ebay.de" (1) If an article is placed in the context of a so-called online auction, the binding offer to conclude a contract lies in the activation of the article page. The offer is aimed at the eBay member who submits the highest bid using the bidding function available on the marketplace. The customer accepts the offer by placing a bid; however, the bid expires when a third party submits a higher bid. At the end of the online auction, the contract is concluded with the customer who has previously placed the highest bid - unless a minimum price (so-called reserve price) has not been reached in connection with the item offer. (2) If an item is placed in a so-called online auction and additionally provided with the fixed price function ("Buy It Now" or "Buy Now & New"), the contract is independent of the end of the online auction period immediately at the specified fixed price if the customer exercises the fixed price option. In this case, the contract can be concluded at a fixed price as long as no bid has been submitted for the online auction. In deviation from this, the contract remains possible even after a bid has been submitted for the online auction until the minimum price has been reached or exceeded if a minimum price (so-called reserve price) has been deposited. (3) If an article is only placed in the fixed price format, the activation of the article page is the binding offer to conclude a contract at the specified fixed price. The contract with the customer is concluded as soon as the customer exercises the fixed price function ("Buy It Now" or "Buy Now & New"). (4) If an article is placed in the fixed price format and provided with the additional option "Suggest price", there is a willingness to negotiate the specified price. An eBay member then has the option of proposing a (different) price for the item, with this proposal being associated with a new offer of its own. We can accept this offer within 48 hours. If the price proposal is accepted, the contract is concluded with the suggested price. If the price proposal is rejected and a counter proposal is submitted by us, this counter proposal is also binding and can also be accepted within 48 hours. During ongoing negotiations, an item offer originally set in the fixed price format persists - i.e. the contract is concluded regardless of such negotiations at the specified fixed price if a third party exercises the fixed price option before the negotiations are concluded. (5) The contract text is saved by eBay after the contract is concluded and can be called up on the eBay website under the respective article number. The relevant website can be printed out using the print function of the browser. Since we have no influence on the duration of the storage, it is pointed out that in accordance with the terms and conditions of eBay members are responsible for archiving information that is visible on the eBay website and stored by eBay on a storage medium that is independent of eBay. However, after the contract has been concluded, customers will receive the contract terms, including these General Terms and Conditions and consumer information regarding distance selling, in text form. § 4 Conclusion of contract for inquiries by phone, fax and email (1) If the customer requests a product by phone, fax or email, this is only considered an inquiry. The provider will then submit a temporary offer to the customer by fax, email or post. (2) After receiving the offer, the customer then has the option of accepting the offer of the provider by post, e-mail, fax or telephone within the period specified in the offer. (3) The contract was only concluded with the acceptance of the offer by the customer. § 5 Delivery, availability of goods (1) The delivery time is generally 14 days, unless the offer is communicated otherwise. With the payment method "advance payment / transfer", the delivery period only begins with a credit on the account of the provider. (2) If no copies of the product selected by him are available at the time of the customer's order, the provider shall inform the customer of this immediately in the order confirmation. If the product is permanently unavailable, the provider refrains from a declaration of acceptance. A contract is not concluded in this case. (3) If the product specified by the customer in the order is only temporarily unavailable, the provider will also inform the customer immediately in the order confirmation. In the event of a delivery delay of more than two weeks, the customer has the right to withdraw from the contract. In this case, the provider is also entitled to withdraw from the contract. He will immediately reimburse any payments already made by the customer. (4) If the customer is in default of acceptance, fails to cooperate or the delivery of the provider is delayed for other reasons for which the customer is responsible, the provider is entitled to compensation for the resulting damage including additional expenses (e.g. storage and Transport costs). (5) Delays in delivery and performance due to force majeure, such as currency and trade policy or other measures, strikes, lockouts and operational disruptions such as B. fire, obstruction of traffic routes or similar circumstances that do not fall within the sphere of influence of the provider initially cause a reasonable extension of the delivery period. The circumstances mentioned relieve the provider of the delivery obligations entered into for the duration of the hindrance. The provider is also entitled to withdraw from the contract in full or - if a partial delivery has already been made - with regard to the part not yet delivered from the contract. (6) If the hindrance lasts longer than a month, the customer is entitled, after setting a reasonable grace period, to withdraw from the contract with regard to the unfulfilled part. If the buyer can prove that he is no longer interested in the partial delivery, he can withdraw from the contract as a whole. (7) If the delivery time is extended according to the above clauses or if the provider is released from his obligations, the customer cannot derive any claims for damages from this. (8) The provider is entitled to partial deliveries and partial services at any time. The provider is not entitled to partial deliveries and partial services to customers who do not act in the exercise of their commercial or independent professional activity when concluding the legal transaction, i.e. who are not entrepreneurs, if the customer can demonstrate a legitimate interest in connecting the service or delivery receive0n. (9) Transport packaging is taken back in accordance with the packaging regulations. Section 6 Cancellation Policy In the event that the customer is a consumer within the meaning of Section 13 of the German Civil Code (BGB), i.e. makes a purchase for purposes that cannot be largely attributed to his commercial or independent professional activity and the contract is a distance contract according to Section 312c of the German Civil Code (BGB), The customer has a right of cancellation in accordance with the following provisions: Right of cancellation The customer has the right to cancel this contract within fourteen days without giving any reason. The cancellation period is fourteen days from the date on which the customer or a third party named by the customer, who is not the carrier, took possession of the goods. In order to exercise the right of withdrawal, the customer must inform Oldtimerservice Kranz Zeppelinstraße 20 47638 Straelen info@oldtimerservice-kranz.de Fax: +49 (0 28 34) / 98 44 47 by means of a clear statement (e.g. a letter sent by post, fax or email) about his decision to cancel this contract. The customer can use the attached model withdrawal form, but this is not mandatory. In order to meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for the customer to send the communication regarding the exercise of the right of cancellation before the cancellation period expires. Consequences of the cancellation If the customer cancels the contract, the provider has to the customer all payments that he received from him, including the delivery costs (except for the additional costs that result from the fact that the customer has a different type of delivery than that has chosen the cheapest standard delivery offered by the provider), to be repaid immediately and at the latest within fourteen days from the day on which the provider received the notice of cancellation of the contract. For this repayment, the provider uses the same means of payment that the customer used in the original transaction, unless expressly agreed otherwise with the customer; under no circumstances will the customer be charged for this repayment. The provider can refuse the repayment until he has received the goods back or until the customer has provided evidence that he has returned the goods, whichever is the earlier. The customer must return or hand over the goods to the provider immediately and in any event no later than fourteen days from the date on which the customer informs the provider of the cancellation of this contract. The deadline is met if the customer sends the goods before the period of fourteen days has expired. The customer bears the direct costs of returning the goods. The customer only has to pay for any loss in value of the goods if this loss in value is due to handling that is not necessary for checking the quality, properties and functionality of the goods. Model cancellation form If you want to cancel the contract, please fill out this form and send it back. Oldtimerservice Kranz Zeppelinstraße 20 47638 Straelen E-Mail: info@oldtimerservice-kranz.de Fax: +49 (0 28 34) / 98 44 47 I / we hereby cancel the contract I / we have concluded for the purchase of the following goods : Ordered on / Received on: Name of the consumer (s): Address of the consumer (s): Signature of the consumer (s) Date End of cancellation policy The right of cancellation does not exist for the delivery of goods that are not prefabricated and for the manufacture of which an individual selection or determination by the consumer is decisive or which are clearly tailored to the personal needs of the consumer. § 7 Due diligence requirements, installation specifications for engines and gearboxes (1) The offers of the provider are essentially used spare parts that are professionally dismantled by the provider and checked according to defined quality criteria. Used spare parts differ from new parts. (2) Used engines and gearboxes require particularly careful installation by experts. The customer must therefore have the installation of motors and gearboxes carried out by specialists in compliance with the installation instructions that are handed over to the customer. In particular, after assembly, a functional and safety test must be carried out for all parts (and possible with regard to the nature of the parts) by qualified personnel. Equipment and lubricant specifications as well as operating, maintenance, installation and care instructions from the manufacturer must be observed in any case. (3) Subject to a different agreement, the provider does not owe any advice or support in or for the installation of the offered parts. § 8 Retention of title (1) The delivered goods remain the property of the provider until full payment. (2) In the case of sales contracts with entrepreneurs, ownership only passes when all claims from the business relationship have been paid off. (3) If goods are taken back by the provider, this only applies as a withdrawal from the contract if the provider expressly confirms this in writing. For the provider, however, seizure of goods always means withdrawal from the contract. (4) Seizures and other threats to the rights of the provider arising from third parties must be informed immediately in writing with all the information the provider needs for a lawsuit. If the provider suffers a failure because a third party cannot meet the judicial and extrajudicial costs of such a lawsuit to be reimbursed to the provider, the customer is liable. (5) Processing or transformation of the supplier's goods by the customer takes place exclusively for the provider. In the event of processing or connection with other goods not belonging to the provider, the provider is entitled to co-ownership of the new item in the ratio of the invoice value of the reserved goods to the purchase price of the other processed goods (at the time of processing). For the new thing, the regulations for the reserved goods apply accordingly. (6) The customer is authorized to resell the reserved goods in the ordinary course of business. The customer hereby assigns all claims against third parties arising from this to the provider in advance, in the amount of the respective invoice value (including sales tax). Regardless of this assignment, the customer remains revocably entitled to collect the claims. On request, the customer must notify the provider of the assigned claims and their debtors and provide the provider with all the information and documents required to collect the claims. At the supplier's special request, the customer will notify the third party debtor concerned of the assignment to the provider. In addition, the provider has the right to disclose the assignment itself. (7) Other dispositions of the goods subject to retention of title are not permitted. § 9 Prices and shipping costs, transfer of risk (1) All prices specified by the provider include the applicable statutory sales tax. (2) The corresponding shipping costs are specified to the customer and are to be borne by the customer insofar as the customer, who is a consumer, does not exercise his right of withdrawal. In the event of cancellation, however, the provider does not have to reimburse any additional costs incurred by the customer by choosing a type of delivery other than the cheapest standard delivery offered by the provider. (3) The goods are usually dispatched by post. If the customer is a consumer, the risk passes to the customer as soon as the delivery has been handed over to the customer. In the event that the customer is an entrepreneur, the risk in the case of a mail order sale is transferred to him as soon as the provider has delivered the delivery to the freight forwarder, the carrier or the person or institution otherwise responsible for carrying out the mailing. (4) If the customer chooses the option "collection", there are no shipping costs. § 10 Payment modalities (1) Payment can be made by "bank transfer", "PayPal", "direct debit", "credit card" or "cash on collection". The payment methods "PayPal", "credit card" and "direct debit" are charged immediately after the order process. It may be pointed out that with the payment method "transfer" the delivery period only begins with a credit on the account of the provider. (2) Payment of the purchase price is due immediately upon conclusion of the contract. If the due date of the payment is determined according to the calendar, the customer is already in default by missing the appointment. In this case, he has to pay the provider default interest in the amount of 5 percentage points above the base rate. (3) The customer's obligation to pay default interest does not exclude the supplier from asserting further damage caused by delay. (4) The customer has the right to offset only in the case of undisputed or legally established claims. The customer is only entitled to exercise a right of retention insofar as his counterclaim is based on the same contractual relationship. § 11 Warranty for defects, guarantee (1) If the goods ordered are defective at the time of transfer of risk and are therefore no longer suitable for the use required by the contract, the customer, who is a consumer, must initially within the warranty period specified in Paragraph 3 the right to choose between remedying the defect by repairing / repairing it or delivering new goods. If the customer is an entrepreneur, the provider has the right to choose between remedying the defect by repairing / repairing it or delivering new goods; In this case, § 444 BGB remains unaffected. (2) If the subsequent performance fails, which is usually the case after an unsuccessful second attempt, the customer is entitled to demand a reduction in the purchase price (reduction), or to withdraw from the contract, or to claim damages. If the customer has unsuccessfully set the seller a reasonable deadline for subsequent performance, he can demand compensation instead of performance or reimbursement of expenses in accordance with the following provisions. (3) If the customer has bought as a consumer, his statutory warranty claims become time-barred in the event of defects when buying new things within two years, when buying used things within one year from the transfer of risk. Compared to entrepreneurs, the limitation period for warranty claims when purchasing both new and used parts is one year from the transfer of risk. (4) If the purchase is a commercial transaction for the customer, the customer must immediately inspect the delivered goods for quality and quantity deviations and immediately notify the seller of any visible defects; otherwise the assertion of the warranty claim is excluded. Hidden defects must be reported to the provider immediately after discovery. Deadline is sufficient for the timely dispatch. In this case, the customer bears the full burden of proof for all requirements for claims, in particular for the defect itself, for the time at which the defect was discovered and for the timely notification of the defect. (5) Liability according to § 9 of these conditions remains unaffected by the restrictions of paragraph 3 above. (6) Damages caused by improper installation and / or operation or improper care or maintenance (see § 4 of these conditions) will not be replaced by the provider. Such damage in particular does not constitute a defect in the purchased item; in this case, the customer must reimburse the provider for the costs of checking and processing an incorrect defect report. (7) All descriptions on which the goods are based on appearance, performance, dimensions and weight are quality specifications. They are not a guaranteed property and are not guaranteed. There is an additional guarantee for the goods delivered by the provider only if this has been expressly given in the order confirmation for the respective article. (8) The place of fulfillment for supplementary performance is the registered office of the provider. § 12 Liability (1) The provider has unlimited liability in accordance with mandatory statutory liability regulations. (2) The provider is only liable for damage other than injury to life, limb and health insofar as he or his vicarious agents perform deliberate or grossly negligent acts or a culpable violation of an essential contractual obligation. Any further liability for compensation is excluded. The provisions of the Product Liability Law remain unaffected. (3) In the event of a slightly negligent breach of essential contractual obligations, the provider is liable for the amount limited to the foreseeable damage typical for the contract, which generally does not exceed the purchase price of the ordered goods. An essential contractual obligation includes those obligations that make the proper execution of the contract possible in the first place and on which the customer can regularly rely. (4) The statutory statute of limitations applies. § 13 Notes on data processing (1) The provider collects customer data as part of the execution of contracts. He particularly observes the provisions of the Federal Data Protection Act and the Telemedia Act. Without the customer's consent, the provider will only collect, process or use the customer's inventory and usage data insofar as this is necessary for the processing of the contractual relationship and for the use and billing of telemedia. (2) Without the consent of the customer, the provider will not use customer data for advertising, market or opinion research purposes. (3) For the rest, the provider refers to his data protection declaration (attachment). § 14 Final Provisions (1) Contracts between the provider and the customer are subject to the law of the Federal Republic of Germany, excluding the UN Sales Convention. (2) If the customer is a merchant, a legal entity under public law or a special fund under public law, the place of jurisdiction for all disputes arising from contractual relationships between the customer and the provider is the location of the provider. (3) The contract remains binding in its remaining parts even if individual points are legally ineffective. If applicable, the statutory provisions replace the ineffective points. Insofar as this would represent an unreasonable hardship for a contracting party, the contract as a whole will become ineffective. © 2002 - 2020 - Oldtimer Service Kranz | Imprint | Privacy Policy General Terms and Conditions Search Price for a car General Terms and Conditions Name Email Telephone I agree with storaging of my data by this website. inquiry