About Us - Oldtimer-Service Kranz Home Vehicle Service Spare Parts About Us News & Events Contact Compare Shopping Cart Office: +49 2834 7603 Email: info@oldtimerservice-kranz.de Zeppelinstrasse 20 47638 | Straelen Germany Show on map Shopping cart Live chat Home Vehicle service Spare parts About us News & Events Contact We have a passion for classic cars in our family. It all started with grandfather Paul Kranz, who drove the ladies of fine society in a luxurious Steyr almost a century ago. The Mercedes Benz 190DC, which he bought in the 1960s, was his greatest treasure and is still part of the classic car service Kranz fleet that is used for wedding trips. The grandfather's enthusiasm rubbed off and at the age of seventeen, owner Hubert Kranz bought his first own classic car, a 220S Ponton Mercedes. Hubert Kranz lovingly restored it and has not been able to get rid of the classic cars since then, even if it took some time before the hobby became a classic car. In 2001 Hubert Kranz once again bought a classic car, this time via the PreWarCar platform, which specializes in pre-war vehicles. The purchase not only gave Hubert Kranz a 1925 Cleveland, but also a lasting friendship and business relationship with classic car enthusiast Joris Bergsma, who ran the PreWarCar website. This was how the classic car service Kranz was created the following year, at which point the focus was already on the English pre-war vehicles. In addition to the classic car sales and stylish wedding trips, all other services relating to the classic car were gradually added to the program, so that customers from all over the world can not only buy classic cars from Hubert Kranz today, but also a classic car workshop in Straelen on the Lower Rhine with everything that goes with it , Find. If you are a passionate fan of old cars and want to buy a classic car, you have come to the right place. Under Collection you can take a look at our showroom and discover the vehicles that we currently offer. Every single classic car has been prepared by us with love and care and is now waiting for its new owner. If your dream vehicle is not there, we will be happy to assist you in your search. With our years of experience, we make sure that you don't just buy a classic car, but get the classic of your dreams. The team around Hubert Kranz not only stands for passion, but also for quality, know-how and absolute reliability. In addition to the classic car sales, we of course also take care of the classic car restoration and all questions relating to professional classic car service. We procure the necessary parts and carry out all work, from changing the tires to complete assembly. Our head office has been in Straelen on the Lower Rhine since 2002. The location is particularly convenient, as we are very easy to reach not only for customers from Germany, but also for enthusiasts from the Netherlands, Belgium and Luxembourg. The central location also enables us to make regular trips to the UK to get spare parts and suitable tires for almost all classic automobiles at short notice. Oldtimerservice Kranz supports you competently and reliably with all questions about classic cars and pre-war vehicles. From restoration to purchase, we are at your side with advice and action. © 2002 - 2020 - Oldtimer Service Kranz | Imprint | Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Search Request price for car About Us Name Email Telephone I agree with storaging of my data by this website. inquiry