Imprint - Oldtimer-Service Kranz Home Vehicle range Service Spare parts About us News & Events Contact Compare Shopping cart Office: +49 2834 7603 Email: info@oldtimerservice-kranz.de Zeppelinstrasse 20 47638 | Straelen Germany Show on map Shopping cart Live-Chat Home Vehicle service Spare parts About us News & Events Contact Imprint Hubert Kranz Zeppelinstrasse 20 47638 Straelen Tel: +49 (0 28 34) / 76 03 FAX: +49 (0 28 34) / 98 44 47 Mobile: +49 (0 172) / 60 59 166 Email: info@oldtimerservice-kranz.de DE 174632690 No warning without prior contact Should any content or the design of individual pages or parts of this website violate third-party rights or legal provisions or otherwise bring about competition law problems in any form, please refer to Section 8 (4) of the UWG for appropriate, adequately explanatory and quick notification without a cost note. We guarantee that the passages or parts of this website that are rightly objected to will be removed within a reasonable period of time or will be extensively adapted to the legal requirements without the need for you to involve a legal counsel. The involvement of a lawyer to issue a warning for the service provider does not correspond to his or her actual or presumed will and would therefore constitute a violation of Section 13 (5) UWG because of the pursuit of unrelated goals as the dominant motive for initiating the proceedings, in particular an intention to achieve costs as the actual driving force, as well as one Represent violation of the obligation to mitigate damage. Source: eRecht24.de - Internet law by lawyer Sören Siebert Disclaimer / disclaimer: 1. Content of the online offer The author assumes no responsibility for the topicality, correctness, completeness or quality of the information provided. Liability claims against the author, which refer to material or immaterial damage caused by the use or non-use of the information provided or by the use of incorrect and incomplete information, are fundamentally excluded, unless the author can prove that it was intentional or grossly negligent Is at fault. All offers are non-binding. The author expressly reserves the right to change, supplement or delete parts of the pages or the entire offer without separate announcement, or to temporarily or permanently cease publication. 2. References and links In the case of direct or indirect references to external websites ("links") that are outside the author's area of ​​responsibility, a liability obligation would only come into force if the author was aware of the content and he knew it It would be technically possible and reasonable to prevent use in the event of illegal content. 'The author hereby expressly declares that at the time the links were placed, no illegal content was recognizable on the linked pages. The author has no influence on the current and future design, content or authorship of the linked pages. He therefore hereby expressly distances himself from all content on all linked / connected pages that were changed after the link was created. This statement applies to all links and references within our own website as well as to external entries in guest books, discussion forums and mailing lists set up by the author. For illegal, incorrect or incomplete content and in particular for damage resulting from the use or non-use of information provided in this way, the provider of the page to which reference is made is solely liable, not the one who merely refers to the respective publication via links. 3. Copyright and trademark law The author endeavors to observe the copyrights of the graphics, sound documents, video sequences and texts used in all publications, to use graphics, sound documents, video sequences and texts created by himself or to license-free graphics, sound documents, video sequences and To use texts. All brands and trademarks mentioned on the website and possibly protected by third parties are subject without restriction to the provisions of the applicable trademark law and the ownership rights of the respective registered owner. The mere mention does not mean that trademarks are not protected by the rights of third parties! The copyright for published objects created by the author remains solely with the author of the pages. Duplication or use of such graphics, sound documents, video sequences and texts in other electronic or printed publications is not permitted without the express consent of the author. 4. Data protection If there is an opportunity to enter personal or business data (email addresses, names, addresses) on the website, the disclosure of this data by the user is expressly voluntary. The use and payment of all offered services is - as far as technically possible and reasonable - also permitted without providing such data or by entering anonymized data or a pseudonym. 5. Legal validity of this disclaimer This disclaimer is to be regarded as part of the internet publication which you were referred from. If parts or individual formulations of this text should not, no longer or not completely comply with the applicable legal situation, the remaining parts of the document remain unaffected in their content and validity. © 2002 - 2020 - Oldtimer Service Kranz | Imprint | Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Search Request price for car Imprint Name Email Telephone I agree with storaging of my data by this website. inquiry