PEUGEOT AUTOMOBILE DEALERS & GARAGES IN FRANCE PEUGEOT AUTOMOTIVE DEALERS & GARAGES IN FRANCE All Peugeot car dealers and garages in France Everywhere in France, take advantage of the proximity of Peugeot approved dealers and garages! Select your region, your department then your city and find the point of sale closest to you. Once on your dealer's website, consult the new and used cars available in stock, find all the services for the maintenance or repair of your vehicle and take advantage of our current offers. Peugeot's network of garages and car dealerships is a single point of contact, close to you and always available. Make an appointment online or contact your dealer to prepare your next visit to the Peugeot network. Look for a Peugeot dealer or the garage near you ALPS HIGH PROVENCEkeyboard_arrow_right ALSACEkeyboard_arrow_right Alsace and Champagne-Ardenne-Lorrainekeyboard_arrow_right AQUITAINEkeyboard_arrow_right AUVERGNEkeyboard_arrow_right Auvergne Rhône-Alpeskeyboard_arrow_right LOW NORMANDIEkeyboard_arrow_right BEUZEVILLEkeyboard_arrow_right BOURGOGNEkeyboard_arrow_right Burgundy and Franche-Comtékeyboard_arrow_right BRETAGNEkeyboard_arrow_right CENTREkeyboard_arrow_right Center-Val-de-Loirekeyboard_arrow_right CHAMPAGNE - ARDENNEkeyboard_arrow_right CHAMPLAYkeyboard_arrow_right Corsekeyboard_arrow_right FRANCHE COMTEkeyboard_arrow_right Grand-Estkeyboard_arrow_right HAUTE NORMANDIEkeyboard_arrow_right Hauts-de-Francekeyboard_arrow_right ILE DE FRANCEkeyboard_arrow_right Ile-de-Francekeyboard_arrow_right LANGUEDOC ROUSSILLONkeyboard_arrow_Right_Right_Right_Right_RIGHT NORD PAS DE CALAISkeyboard_arrow_right Normandiekeyboard_arrow_right New Aquitainekeyboard_arrow_right Occitaniekeyboard_arrow_right COUNTRIES LOIREkeyboard_arrow_right LOIREkeyboard_arrow_right COUNTRY Pays-de-la-Loirekeyboard_arrow_right PICARDIEkeyboard_arrow_right Poitou - CHARENTEkeyboard_arrow_right PROVENCE ALPE DIMENSIONS AZURkeyboard_arrow_right COTEkeyboard_arrow_right ALPES PROVENCE ALPS AZURkeyboard_arrow_right ALPESkeyboard_arrow_right RHONE RHONE-ALPESkeyboard_arrow_right Rhone Alpeskeyboard_arrow_right keyboard_arrow_left Legal notices Site map Accept cookies * Legal notices × Preamble: This site is intended for the personal information of internet users who use them. Access to and use of this site are subject to these "General Conditions" detailed below as well as to applicable laws and / or regulations. Connection and access to this site implies full and unreserved acceptance of the user of all the provisions of these General Conditions. The company owner of the site reserves the right to modify and update, without notice, these General Conditions and all the elements, products or services presented on the site. All of these modifications are binding on Internet users who must consult these General Conditions during each connection. Article 1: Publication and Hosting This site is published / edited by: AUTOMOBILES PEUGEOT, a public limited company with capital of 172,711,770 euros, headquartered at 7 Rue Henri Sainte-Claire Deville 92500 RUEIL-MALMAISON (FRANCE), registered in the Register of Commerce et des Sociétés de Paris under number B 552 144 503. Establishment share capital: Establishment SIRET number: Establishment VAT number: Site host: PSA Peugeot Citroen Article 2: Intellectual property rights The company owning the site advises users of this site as many elements of it: 1 - Are protected by copyright law: this may include photographs, articles, drawings, animated sequences, recordings in audio format or digital video, ...; 2 - And / or are protected by the legislation on designs and models: these are in particular the models of vehicles appearing on the site; 3 - Are protected by the legislation on the marks: they are in particular the mark "PEUGEOT", the figurative mark "Lion complete stylé" (representing the logo of PEUGEOT), the semi-figurative mark "PSA PEUGEOT CITROËN", as well as the brands of vehicle models appearing on the site. The elements thus protected are the property of PEUGEOT SA, its subsidiaries or third parties that have authorized the company owning the site. to exploit them. As such, any reproduction, representation, use, adaptation, modification, incorporation, translation, marketing, partial or complete in any way, in any form, by any process and on any medium whatsoever (paper, digital, ... ) are prohibited, without the prior written authorization of AUTOMOBILES PEUGEOT, except for the exceptions legally accepted by the Intellectual Property Code (in particular under private copying), under penalty of counterfeiting, likely to result in imprisonment and of a substantial fine. - The brands and logos of the software displayed on this site are the respective property of the companies operating them, and may be used without the prior written consent of the owner of the said brands and logos. These brands include but are not necessarily limited to any software not specifically identified in these General Conditions. This software is protected by copyright and supposes the conclusion of a license agreement. Their use without the prior written consent of the owner is prohibited. Article 3: information relating to the content of the site The information and illustrations appearing on the pages of this Internet site are based on the technical characteristics in progress at the time of the online publication or updating of the various pages of the site. The equipment presented on the vehicles listed on the site is standard or optional depending on the version. As part of a policy of constant product improvement, PEUGEOT may modify the technical characteristics, equipment, options and colors of vehicles at any time. Furthermore, current reproduction techniques do not allow colors to be reproduced faithfully. The models and / or versions presented on this site as well as their equipment, options and accessories are those distributed in mainland France. They may vary from country to country or may not be available in all countries of the world. In addition, all the prices indicated are recommended retail prices in mainland France. The prices, offers, promotions and similar presented are the sole responsibility of the site manager of the point of sale. The used vehicles presented on this site are those of the "Occasions du Lion" site. We therefore invite you to refer to the legal notices indicated therein.These used vehicles are only sold by and under the responsibility of the establishments that offer them. We draw your attention to the fact that only the signing of a purchase order or reservation with the seller establishment allows the sale or actual reservation of a vehicle. The services presented on this site are those which may be offered by members of the participating PEUGEOT network. With regard to spare parts and accessories, the prices mentioned for information purposes are understood to be exclusive of installation, except in the case of packages. These packages are only valid for the period indicated. The PEUGEOT sales network is at your disposal to answer all your questions concerning the products and services presented on this site. We remind you that the members of the PEUGEOT sales network are independent traders who remain free to determine their own prices and to participate or not in the operations offered by PEUGEOT (including packages) and are solely responsible for the information they provide on this site. Article 4: Personal data The site has been declared to the CNIL. The consultation of this site is possible without you having to reveal your identity or any other personal information concerning you. Regarding the information of a nominative nature that you would be required to communicate to us, you have the right to access, modify, rectify and / or delete in accordance with the law relating to the protection of individuals with regard to processing of personal data n ° 2004-801 dated August 6, 2004. To exercise this right, please send a message to Automobiles Peugeot DCPF / MKT / FRC 75 Avenue de la Grande Armée 75016 Paris France. The collection of this information is necessary for to respond to your requests for information, to make an appointment and to send you, if necessary, an electronic newsletter. We inform you that in order to offer you ever more suitable products and services, certain non-personal information relating to your activity on this site will be automatically collected. This information is intended for PEUGEOT, its subsidiaries and its sales network and may also be used in the context of commercial or marketing operations or serve as a basis for studies and analyzes. The information collected on this site is reserved for the exclusive use of Automobiles Peugeot and as such may not be transferred to a third party, without your prior agreement. This personal information is kept in a form allowing the identification of the persons concerned for a period not exceeding the time necessary for the purposes for which it is collected and / or processed. Article 5: "Cookies". The cookie is a small text sent by the site www.peugeot.fr to your browser and which is stored on your computer. It is used to record data relating to the navigation of your computer on our site and to offer you personalized information by allowing our server to identify you. Only the www.peugeot.fr service uses these cookies, only for the purpose of setting up a count of the number of visitors and in order to possibly limit the number of deliveries of the same information to the same user. You can visit this site by deactivating this option on your browser. Article 5.1 Other third-party cookies: AUTOMOBILES PEUGEOT uses other third-party cookies to analyze the Internet traffic on the PSA Group's sites and advertising banners. These Cookies are issued by AUTOMOBILES PEUGEOT or by its technical service providers for the purpose of measuring the audience of the different pages of the site, in order to assess them and better organize their content and sections. These Cookies also allow, if necessary, to detect navigation problems and therefore improve the ergonomics of the services. These Cookies notably produce anonymous statistics and traffic volumes, to the exclusion of any personal information. These Cookies collect anonymous data which will also be used to personalize this site as well as other PSA Group sites and advertising banners. The lifespan of these audience measurement cookies does not exceed 90 days. Article 6: "Litigation - Mediation of consumption". The CMFM Mediation entity is referenced as consumer mediator by a decision of the CECMC (Commission for the Evaluation and Control of Consumer Mediation) dated June 30, 2017. CMFM Mediation will intervene for the amicable treatment of disputes opposing the Peugeot Brand consumer customer. In the event of a dispute between the parties, under the responsibility of the Manufacturer (example: quality of the product or services), they will endeavor to resolve it amicably. In the absence of an amicable agreement, the consumer client is informed in accordance with article L.211-3 of the consumer code that before possibly entering the competent courts of law and following a written complaint to Relations Peugeot customers whose address is listed under the "Contact us" tab, they can enter a free mediator registered on the list of mediators established by the Consumer Mediation Assessment and Control Commission in application of article L.615-1 of the consumer code, as follows: - using the form available on the website www.mediationcmfm.fr - by post to the following address: Médiation Cmfm, 21 rue des Malmaisons - 75013 The consumer client remains free to accept or refuse the use of mediation and, in the event of recourse to mediation, each party is free to accept or refuse the solution p taken up by the mediator. In the absence of an amicable agreement, recourse to mediation or acceptance by the parties of the solution proposed by the mediator, the dispute between a consumer customer and the Peugeot Brand will be brought before the court according to the rules of ordinary law. 7: Hypertext links The establishment of a hypertext link to this site requires prior written authorization from Automobiles Peugeot In any event, Automobiles Peugeot. is in no way responsible for the content and the products or services offered on the sites to which this site is linked by hypertext links or any other type of link. Article 8: Security You agree, in the use that you make of this site not to carry out any manipulation likely to cause computer, functional or any order breakdowns affecting the functioning of the site or any server or service accessible by through the site. You agree, in particular, to make available, in the space constituted by the site, only information, data, documents, files which are reliable, harmless and not likely to affect the functioning of the Site or any accessible server or service through the site. You agree, in the use that you make of the site or any server or service accessible via the site: - to respect the national and international laws and regulations in force, as well as the rights of third parties, - to not to damage the image of the PSA Peugeot Citroën Group in any capacity and in any form whatsoever. In particular, you guarantee our company against any action by third parties related to the content of the information that you make available in the space constituted by the site, in particular those resulting from an attack on the rights of the personality, a right of intellectual property, public order, morality, respect for private life (right to the image etc.) or to criminal provisions of national and / or international laws in force. As such, you agree to indemnify the PSA Peugeot Citroën Group for all costs, charges and expenses that we may have to bear as a result, including the reasonable fees and expenses of advising our company. The company owning the site undertakes to implement all the means necessary to ensure the security of the information that you make available to it in the space constituted by the site. However, the company that owns the site cannot guarantee that messages sent electronically will not be intercepted. Also, notwithstanding the provisions of article 4 hereof, we invite you not to disclose by this means unnecessary or sensitive personal information. If you wish to communicate to the company owner of the site of such information, imperatively use the postal way. Article 9: Limitation of responsibility You use this site under your only and whole responsibility. the company owning the site cannot be held liable for direct or indirect damage, such as, in particular, material damage, loss of data or program, financial loss, resulting from the use of this site or the sites linked to it . We draw your attention to the fact that certain products or services presented on this site may be subject to specific regulations or even restrictions and / or prohibitions in certain countries. Article 10 - Suspension or interruption of access: The company owning the site may, at any time, limit or suspend, temporarily or not, your access to this site in the event of: - violation by you, of the present, without prejudice to any other rights for the benefit of our company, - technical problems related to the infrastructure put in place for putting the site online and operating. In the event of a permanent interruption, you agree to immediately destroy any copy of our site and / or its content. Article 11: Applicable law This website and these General Conditions are subject to French law and the text written in French is authentic. Close