pitstop.de ►KFZ workshop service and tires buy & save online We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of our websites, personalize content and advertising, provide social media functions, analyze data traffic, and advertising, To inform analysis partners about the use of our website. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Register TPMS All complete wheels are also available with TPMS TPMS / TPMS Tire Pressure Monitoring Systems (TPMS) / Tire Pressure Monitoring Systems (TPMS) The system continuously monitors the tire pressure via integrated pressure sensors in the respective wheels. If there is a loss of pressure on one or more tires, the driver is informed of this directly on the display inside the vehicle. TPMS - 2 systems 1 task Indirect systems In an indirect system, the ABS or traction sensors on the vehicle monitor the wheels for speed differences that would occur if the pressure in the tire were to drop. Pressure-dependent vibrations of the wheels are also measured. A change in this is a further indication of a pressure loss. An indirect TPMS cannot measure the tire pressure or the tire temperature. It also cannot detect any loss of pressure in the tires on a stationary vehicle. The indirect system is the much simpler and cheaper alternative when changing tires, as wheel sensors (TPMS sensors) are not used. Direct systems Direct TPMS enable much more precise data acquisition since they monitor the pressure of each individual wheel and offer additional functions such as tire position detection, the detection of pressure losses when stationary and monitoring the tire pressure of a spare wheel. A direct TPMS therefore requires significant additional effort when changing tires and during maintenance. Class M1 vehicles (new registration November 2014) are equipped with TPMS as standard and must be equipped with an appropriate sensor for both summer and winter bikes. In the case of a direct measuring system, the sensors in the wheel record the tire's air pressure and transmit this information to a control unit in the vehicle via radio, which in turn is shown on a vehicle-specific display. The driver receives a warning even if there is a slight loss of tire pressure. Each time the tires and wheels are changed, the sensors must be re-taught (new sensor ID) to ensure trouble-free communication between the sensor and the TPMS receiver. Wheel change Maintenance or renewal of the valves or their seals with each wheel change prevent wear or failure of the sensors. Main inspection During the main inspection according to § 29 StVO, a defective or non-functioning TPMS is a minor defect, which, however, must be remedied by the vehicle owner immediately due to its safety relevance. TPMS obligation In vehicles that are subject to a TPMS obligation, an indirect or direct TPMS has already been installed during production, otherwise these vehicles will not be approved. If the vehicle is not equipped with a system as standard, subsequent installation of TPMS systems is not mandatory. Software Direct systems require vehicle-specific software, which is made available by the individual sensor manufacturers. Each sensor receives an individual ID. This ID must be learned in the vehicle. Some vehicles have a corresponding control unit, with the help of which the sensors are independently recognized and assigned. Installation The use of TPMS systems requires specialist knowledge and is associated with new requirements. Tire and wheel assembly is a safety issue. It is recommended to have this carried out only by the specialist dealer. Legal information Since November 1, 2012 Since November 1, 2012, all newly type-approved cars and campers sold in the EU must be equipped with a TPMS. From November 1, 2014 From November 1, 2014, the new EU directive for tire pressure monitoring systems (TPMS) applies to all newly registered vehicles. However, the EU regulation does not stipulate which tire pressure control system must be installed. Both direct and indirect systems are permitted. However, the prerequisite is that they meet the requirements and conditions of ECE-R64. According to ECE-R64 only the functionality is prescribed, but not whether it is guaranteed by an original sensor or by a retrofit sensor. Important A defective or non-functioning TPMS is a minor defect in the main inspection according to § 29 StVO, which, however, must be remedied by the vehicle owner immediately due to its safety relevance. Advantages of TPMS Increased driving safety and prevention of accidents due to incorrect tire pressure Reduction of fuel consumption through correct tire pressure Reduction of CO2 emissions Avoidance of increased tire wear All rim models ALICE gloss black polished ALICE gloss black ALICE gloss silver ALISIA gloss black ALISIA gloss silver ANNA gloss anthracite polished ANNA gloss black polished ANNA gloss polished Gloss black polished ELENA gloss silver EMMA silver EMMA XL titanium polished EROS matt black polished EROS matt black EROS silver JULIA silver MICHELLE matt black MICHELLE matt black polished MICHELLE silver MICHELLE titanium SOFIA matt black polished SOFIA matt black SOFIA silver TO TOTAL WHOLE COLLECTION Inspection oil change brake switch oil change driving oil pitstop partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop workshops workshop in Berlin workshop in Dresden workshop in Frankfurt workshop tt in Hamburg workshop in Cologne workshop in Solingen workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs Terms and Conditions Privacy policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter