Book air conditioning service online pitstop.de We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of our websites, personalize content and advertising, provide social media functions, analyze data traffic and inform advertising and analysis partners about the use of our website. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Register to book the air conditioning service online - it's so easy to enter the zip code & select a workshop Submit vehicle data See price Choose an appointment Pay online Print the service ticket Print the service on site! Determine the FAIR price now! Air-conditioning service at pitstop Air conditioning system maintenance and new cabin filter book online now pitstop workshop services Inspection TÜV oil change brake exhaust chassis wheel change glass air-conditioning electrics When is air-conditioning service necessary? The air conditioning system not only keeps you cool on hot days, it also prevents fogging on the windows in winter and on rainy days. In addition, the air conditioning system, together with the cabin filter, ensures fresh air all year round - and thus also protects allergy sufferers, which many drivers are not aware of. Due to the natural loss of the refrigerant and the settlement of bacteria, fungi and microorganisms, car air conditioning systems have to be regularly serviced and disinfected. Numerous car manufacturers, the ACE Auto Club Europa and pitstop therefore recommend using an air conditioning service including air conditioning disinfection, air conditioning inspection and changing the cabin filter once a year. Air conditioning system maintenance only with new cabin filter The cabin filter frees the air flowing into your car from fine dust, pollen, soot and other dirt particles. Bad air makes you tired, irritates your eyes and respiratory tract. If the air is cleaned, this ensures well-being and reduces the risk of asthma and allergies, especially for people with pollen allergies. Experts recommend changing the cabin filter approximately every 15,000 kilometers or at least once a year. The ADAC warns again and again of cheap filters with poor fit and high moisture absorption. That is why we only recommend filters in OEM quality from the traditional German manufacturer MANN + HUMMEL. Climate inspection or climate disinfection? When the air conditioning system is disinfected, the ventilation system of your car is cleaned. Bacteria, microbes and fungi are removed and unpleasant smells like nicotine disappear. In this way, the health risk for allergies is stopped and you are safe again with fresh air. The air conditioning system inspection complements the air conditioning disinfection perfectly, which is why we recommend a combination of both services. During the air conditioning system inspection, the air conditioning system refrigerant is extracted, the system is dried and the refrigerant is refilled. All air conditioning system maintenance work is carried out and documented according to the specifications of the automobile manufacturer. Book air conditioning service online At pitstop you can easily book your annual air conditioning service online. Choose which services you want to use and make an appointment at your desired branch - all online from home. Our FAIR speaking: Fair prices: Free replacement of missing refrigerant during air conditioning system inspection (except empty systems). Fair appointments: Simply book your desired appointment. Fair service: thorough functional check of the air conditioning system. Fair quality: cabin filters in original parts quality. Fair work: measurement of system pressure, discharge temperature and cooling capacity with every air conditioning service. Determine fair price pitstop services inspection TÜV oil change brake exhaust chassis wheel change glass air conditioning electrical pitstop partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop workshops workshop in Berlin workshop in Dresden workshop in Frankfurt workshop in Hamburg workshop in Cologne workshop in Solingen workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter