Reviews of pitstop.de | Read customer reviews on www.pitstop.de Categories My reviews My settings Install app Help Log out Log in Sign up Install app For companies Overview Reviews Info pitstop.de Reviews 7,689 • Excellent www.pitstop.de About this website www.pitstop.de Submit rating www .pitstop.de Write a review Write a review Reviews 7,689 Rate Filter by: Filter by: Sven Wilhelm Karge 1 rating PITSTOP Wittenberg - a good address I was never a friend of independent workshops before. Chance led me to pitstop - Wittenberg! Super Service. Super performance! No rip off! Good advice! My workshop. Passat 3C TSI 1.4 useful Share Reply You have already reported this review Sandra Kolb-Obergfell 1 review Battery too expensive I was always satisfied with PIT STOP so far, only now I was very disappointed. My car didn't start, had to be replaced Battery in. It was done quickly, but the price of a battery blew me away. For an EXIDE starter battery Premium (EA530) 125.00 euros! I did some research on the net and this battery costs around 70 euros everywhere. Why does PIT STOP demand so much more? Find it outrageously such a price difference. Next time I'll think carefully about going there again. Sorry, but that’s not possible. useful Share answers You have already reported this review Alina Lepadatu Aron 2 reviews A very satisfied car and customer 👍👍 I would like to take this opportunity to thank the employees and branch managers for their performance and excellent work in Munich, Kreiller Street. I have new summer tires there ordered Continental Sport Contact 6 255/35 R19 96Y and within 7 working days everything was ready with assembly, balancing, storage etc. And for a great price. Thanks for that, I've been a customer for oil, change filters for a long time and was always satisfied. I hope that the current team stays that way with the branch manager. Aron useful Share Answers You have already reported this review. Sonja sommer 1 review I am very enthusiastic, friendly and ... I am very enthusiastic, friendly and competent staff and the price is right. useful Share answers You have already reported this review heinz hansing 1 review Everything worked fine Everything worked fine, rental car was free during my inspection. Super competent staff. Again and again. useful Share Answers You have already reported this review Answer by pitstop.de Nice that we were able to inspire you! We say thank you for the friendly recommendation and wish you a safe journey. Andrea Kalb 1 review Outstanding friendly ... Outstanding friendly service. Found a problem quickly without an appointment. GOOD PRICE! I can only recommend this factory town, thank you! useful Share Answers You have already reported this review Answer by pitstop.de Thank you for the positive review. We are happy that we were able to inspire you and wish you a safe journey! Hasan Vezir 1 Review Very competent service. Very competent service .. Technical advice .. Very nice workshop staff enthusiastic .. Can only recommend.LgHasan D. ADAC useful Share Answers You have already reported this review Answer by pitstop.de Thank you for your appreciation. We wish you a good drive! Johanna Dolinga 1 review Very friendly and helpful ... Very friendly and helpful service. Very solution-oriented even in complicated situations! useful Share answers You have already reported this review Reply from pitstop.de Thank you for the rating! We are pleased that we were able to inspire you and wish you a safe journey. Reiner Ulfrig 1 Rating Incompetent workshop Do bad work and then don't want to fix it. Very bad service and not recommended! useful Share answers You have already reported this review Answer by pitstop.de We are sorry that you were not satisfied with your visit to the workshop. Please send us more information about the process to the email info@pitstop.de - we will the process then track and give you feedback. Dorina Orubolo 4 reviews Wanted to have TÜV done Wanted to have TÜV done. After the preliminary check I should ect my wishbones which were supposedly porous. Repair costs around 600 €. I refused and I'm at the Dekra and see the vehicle there without defects !!!! I think it's really sad that they try to cheat you like that, I say. They don't see me again. useful Share Answers You have already reported this review Answer from pitstop.de Thank you for your critical words. We have spoken to the local colleagues in succession. In fact, it was a recommendation from the colleagues to have the defect (detachable and porous wishbone bushings) remedied, since this is very likely to be objected to during the main inspection. We can therefore reassure you that none of our colleagues wanted to cheat, and we wish you a safe journey. Klara Sprudel 1 review Good service, from a single ... Good service, from a single employee.How can it be that one person throws the whole shop? Especially now that all their tires are changing? And what if something happens to that person ?? ? I find it irresponsible from them. useful Share answers You have already reported this review Answer by pitstop.de Nice that you were satisfied with the service in your pitstop branch - that speaks for the employee. if he or she works alone due to illness, the employee is instructed accordingly and leads according to no dangerous activities, we wish you a safe journey. Tom 1 review full disaster full disaster. Customer friendliness zero. Employees have no desire to work. Tires stored with bags, get back without bags. Bags cost at this pit stop. useful Share Answers You have already reported this review Answer by pitstop.de We are very sorry that you were not satisfied. Since we take feedback very seriously, we would like to understand the process and discuss it with our colleagues in the branch. Please send us your name, registration number and the branch by email to info@pitstop.de de. Thanks a lot. Elena Kurshalowa 1 review very good performance very good fast, competent, safeThank you very useful Share Answers You have already reported this review Answer by pitstop.de Thank you for your pleasant review. We wish you a good drive. Mike Hirsch 1 review Great service and staff useful Share Reply You have already reported this review Answer from pitstop.de Thank you for your rating. We look forward to welcoming you back with us. Kirsten Reinert 1 review The people of the Gießener Pit Stop are ... The people of the Gießener Pit Stop are attentively friendly and careful. Thanks useful Share answers You have already reported this review Response from pitstop.de Thank you, Ms. Reinert. We look forward to welcoming you back with us. Regina Graf 1 review Appointment for bike change 6 weeks ago ... Appointment for bike change made 6 weeks ago ... 10am ... 1pm my car was still in front of the workshop ... after all, I had no express appointment .... why should I make an express appointment 6 weeks in advance ??? Pure tailoring !!! And then the statement from the branch manager that I could pick up my car at 6:00 p.m. ... a whole day workshop, because of tire changes ... is it still ??? You will never see me again !!! useful Share Answers You have already reported this review Answer by pitstop.de Thank you for taking the time to criticize, we have the chance to improve. We are sorry that you were not satisfied with your visit to the workshop. In fact, when booking a delivery date, the vehicle is handed over and the branch informs you as the customer when the vehicle is ready. We regret that you do not find this process sensible and wish you a good trip. Michael Below 2 reviews brakes on the front axle have been renewed ... brakes on the front axle have been renewed the brake squeals unbearably loud. 4 times touched up squeaking still I have my vehicle since 2001 and have never experienced anything like that. It is not possible in this branch that the brakes are installed in such a way that they do not squeak. Steering gear was also replaced there and the screws of the gear were not properly tightened, there was always a cracking noise in the steering. A rear wheel bearing was also not properly installed, noises on the rear axle. Disaster! useful Share answers You have already reported this review Answer by pitstop.de Dear Mr. Below, we apologize for the unsatisfactory experience. Assuming your consent, we will get back to you to find a solution and eliminate the annoyance. We hope that you give us the chance to do better now than has been the case in the past. Your pitstop customer service team Customer 1 review Define ... Define express date ......... wheel change an hour ago .... I was so without these extra costs. Too bad Share Answers You have already reported this review Answer from pitstop.de Dear customer, We are sorry that you were not satisfied with the service. Please let us know by email to shop@pitstop.de which branch you were in. We then speak to the local colleagues and take care of eliminating your annoyance. Niels Pfeill 3 reviews on April 14th, 2020 delivery date at 10:00 a.m.… on April 14th, 2020 delivery date at 10:00 a.m. due to wheel change. Pick up at 12:00 p.m. 12:45 pm, the car is parked in the yard with the engine running, the wheels are not changed. Only shrug of the staff upon request. Order canceled, prepayment should be returned immediately. After a long back and forth, an employee confirmed the cancellation on the service ticket. Unfortunately, these people are completely incompetent and not up to the task. When I submitted it, I pointed out that if work is delayed, I will be notified by phone. I prefer to stop somewhere else. (Filiale Frankfurt Friedberger Landstr.) Useful Share Reply You have already reported this review Answer from pitstop.de Dear Mr. Pfeill, Thank you for your feedback and critical words. We take criticism very seriously and have spoken to colleagues in the branch. The colleagues would like to apologize to you again on the way. In fact, your vehicle was not picked up on the lift in time and you were not informed that the pickup time at 12 noon could not be met. We would like to get rid of this annoyance and will send you a voucher as compensation for your efforts. In the hope that we have found a satisfactory solution, we will send you friendly regards and wish you a safe journey. Your pitstop customer service team Donald Duck 1 review Very friendly and price ok! useful Share Answers You have already reported this review Reply from pitstop.de Thank you for the positive feedback. Greetings to your pitstop customer service team 1 2 3 4 5 6… Next page are you human? Select country {{selectedCountryName}} Australia Austria Belgique België Brasil Canada Danmark Suomi France Germany Ireland Italia 日本 Nederland New Zealand Norge Polska Portugal Россия España Sverige Switzerland United Kingdom United States About Trustpilot About Trustpilot Jobs Contact Blog Press Community Reviews you trust Support Center Log in Sign in Install app Chrome app Company Trustpilot Business products Services and prices Login for companies Follow us on data protection declaration Terms and conditions User guidelines System status © 2020 Trustpilot A / S. All rights reserved.