Auto Glass Service: Make an Online Appointment | pitstop.de We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of our websites, personalize content and advertising, provide social media functions, analyze data traffic and inform advertising and analysis partners about the use of our website. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Register window repair or replacement now make an appointment Enter zip code & select workshop Transmit vehicle data See price Select appointment Pay online Print service ticket Have the service done on site! Make an appointment now Auto glass service at pitstop Auto glass repair or window replacement Book online pitstop workshop services Inspection TÜV Oil change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel change Glass Air conditioning Electrics Book an appointment for auto glass service from a specialist An intact windshield is important for safety. Even the slightest damage to the windscreen can endanger stability, affect the structure and thus endanger the vehicle passengers. If glass damage is not repaired in time, dirt and moisture can settle in the pane, obscuring the view and thus becoming a traffic risk. It is not uncommon for slight temperature differences or small vibrations to be sufficient to tear the windshield. That is why it is important to quickly take care of a window repair or replacement. Regardless of whether for the repair of the windshield or for a complete replacement of the windshield - the pitstop glass experts are at your side in all branches with competent advice, the perfect equipment and professional service in the event of damage to the car glass. In most cases, the insurance covers vehicle owners who are fully insured the cost of stone chip repair completely - prudence is actively rewarded. pitstop handles most insurance for you. Stone chip repair The days when the windshield had to be changed in the event of a stone chip are finally over. Thanks to a special repair process using synthetic resin, it is now possible in many cases to remove stone chips. The stone chip repair process first provides for a thorough cleaning of the impact site. By creating a vacuum, the highly effective filling of the damaged area with special resin is then guaranteed. Then the resin is hardened with UV light, the windshield is freed of excess resin and polished thoroughly. Of course, only high-quality materials from well-known manufacturers are used for auto glass repair. After that, nothing stands in the way of a safe journey - without having to replace the window. Replacing the glass If it is not possible to repair glass damage in the event of stone chips, pitstop will replace the windshield quickly and reliably. When replacing discs, only discs of original quality are used. This also applies to the adhesives used. We lift the defective windshield from the socket to protect the paintwork and glass, ensure that no glass fragments get into the vehicle and fix the new windshield firmly with high-performance adhesive. After just one hour of curing, you can start driving straight away. In addition to the deductible, insured persons do not incur any costs. We are happy to take care of the processing with the insurance companies. In the event of glass damage, make an appointment at a pitstop branch near you. We first assess whether a repair is possible and are happy to carry out this or replace the window for you. Make an appointment now pitstop Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical pitstop Partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop Workshops Workshop in Berlin Workshop in Dresden Workshop in Frankfurt Workshop in Hamburg Workshop in Cologne Workshop in Solingen Workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter