Book car battery changes online pitstop.de We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of our websites, personalize content and advertising, provide social media functions, analyze data traffic and inform advertising and analysis partners about the use of our website. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Register to change your car battery online - it's so easy to enter your zip code & select a workshop Submit your vehicle details See the price Choose an appointment Pay online Print the service ticket Print the service on site! Determine the FAIR price now Battery service at pitstop Determine the FAIR price individually, book the service immediately online pitstop Workshop services Inspection TÜV Oil change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel change Glass Air conditioning Electrics Car battery change cheaply Before you stay lying on the go because of old battery or can't even start on cold winter days, you should You replace a weak car battery in good time. This is easy on your nerves and also on your wallet. After all, breakdown service generally incurs higher costs for a car battery than pitstop. With us you can book the change of the car battery online at an affordable flat rate. There are guaranteed no hidden costs here: you determine in which branch, when and with which battery we make the change. You only pay for the car battery plus the fixed price - no matter which car you drive. In general, the car battery should be changed by a specialist. Because some radios, alarm systems and control devices have to be reinitialized after changing. If you want to change the car battery yourself, you can order your new car battery in our online shop. Branded batteries from VARTA VARTA - that is the highest quality, innovative technology and the result of many years of technical experience. With a wide range of VARTA products, Johnson Controls offers the right battery for every vehicle. VARTA is the best-selling car battery in Europe. Inexpensive alternative Would you like a cheaper car battery for your vehicle? No problem. As an inexpensive alternative, we offer quality batteries of the MATADOR brand for numerous vehicle models. Now determine the FAIR price for your car and choose yourself which battery brand we should use. Determine fair price pitstop services inspection TÜV oil change brake exhaust chassis wheel change glass air conditioning electrical pitstop partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop workshops workshop in Berlin workshop in Dresden workshop in Frankfurt workshop in Hamburg workshop in Cologne workshop in Solingen workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter