Book HU / AU online and save costs pitstop.de We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of our websites, personalize content and advertising, provide social media functions, analyze data traffic and inform advertising and analysis partners about the use of our website. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Register HU / AU online - it's so easy to enter the zip code & select the workshop Submit vehicle data See price Select date Pay online Print service ticket Print service on site! Book now online HU * / AU ** at pitstop main and exhaust gas inspection for only € 99, ​​- *** book online * Carried out by an officially recognized test organization. ** Carried out by an officially recognized test organization or pitstop (difference to total fees is borne by pitstop). *** Plus Cost of GAP for gas vehicles. pitstop workshop services inspection TÜV oil change brake exhaust chassis wheel change glass air conditioning electrics main and exhaust gas inspection at a reasonable fixed price To improve road safety and the environmental compatibility of automobiles, the HU / AU is legally mandatory. In all pitstop branches we offer the main and exhaust gas inspection (HU / AU) according to § 29 StVZO every day, even at short notice. You can book the HU / AU with us at a flat rate. To enable this low fixed price, pitstop sponsors the difference to the legal fees. The fair pre-check If you book online, you can use a pre-check. We check your car in the morning or the day before for defects that are usually objected to by the TÜV. After detailed advice, you then decide what should be repaired in the event of damage. We will then even assume the costs for your HU additional fee if we have not discovered a defect objected to by the TÜV in the preliminary check and this defect leads to an HU inspection. Depending on the state, you save more than 20 euros. Controlled quality The HU is carried out by an officially recognized test organization, for example by our partners from TÜV Rheinland and the FSP. The AU is also carried out by TÜV Rheinland, the FSP or by a pitstop mechanic authorized for the AU. Book stress-free on the desired date At pitstop you can book your HU / AU online in just a few steps. Simply select the branch and date you want, enter the data, pay, print the service ticket - done. On request, you can book a replacement car directly with it. This saves you time and coordination effort. Regulation in case of overdrawn HU If the HU demonstration date is exceeded by 2 months, the price increases to € 130.88 (increased test fee according to the "HU guideline" according to §29 StVZO, Annex VIII and VIIIa). Our FAIR speech: Fair prices: Favorable fixed price for all cars. Fair dates: Simply book your desired date. Fair service: advance check possible. Fair quality: regular inspection by TÜV Rheinland. Determine the fair price Trustpilot pitstop Services Inspection TÜV Oil change Brake Exhaust Suspension Wheel change Glass Air conditioning Electrical pitstop Partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop Workshops Workshop in Berlin Workshop in Dresden Workshop in Frankfurt Workshop in Hamburg Workshop in Cologne Workshop in Solingen Workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter