pitstop Sachs online shop We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of our website, personalize content and advertising, provide social media functions, analyze data traffic and inform advertising and analysis partners about the use of our website. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Register online shop Towbar & Transport Batteries & Jump Starter Entertainment & Navi Child seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemicals Bicycles & Tires Accessories Shock absorbers and couplings from Sachs pitstop rely on original equipment quality for all spare parts. With SACHS, we have a strong partner for chassis and couplings that traditionally stands for high-quality products - always state-of-the-art. SACHS is a trademark of ZF. For suspension repair shock absorbers SACHS shock absorbers are precisely matched to the specifications of the automobile manufacturers in all technical properties and convince thanks to high-quality materials and sophisticated machining processes. The use of exclusively high-quality materials and sophisticated processing methods guarantee the best comfort and the highest level of safety. Couplings Almost all major vehicle manufacturers use SACHS couplings as standard. They impress with their convincing power transmission efficiency over the entire service life. You also benefit from this quality for repairs in all pitstop workshops. Trust the spare parts that even the major automobile manufacturers trust. SACHS history SACHS can look back on a long history. The "Schweinfurt Precision Ball Bearing Works Fichtel & Sachs" was founded in 1895 by toolmaker Ernst Sachs and financier Karl Fichtel. SACHS has stood for product quality and innovation for over a hundred years. pitstop Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrics pitstop Partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop Workshops Workshop in Berlin Workshop in Dresden Workshop in Frankfurt Workshop in Hamburg Workshop in Cologne Workshop in Solingen Workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs AGB Privacy Policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter