pitstop.de ►KFZ workshop service and tires buy & save online We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of our websites, personalize content and advertising, provide social media functions, analyze data traffic, and advertising, To inform analysis partners about the use of our website. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Register hygiene precautions Top summer tires from all brands at the best daily price! Find Tires Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Climate Electrical Tire Shop Over a million tires at affordable complete prices Online shop Everything from A-Z for your vehicle Wheel shop Safe and good looking through the summer 5 reasons for pitstop Fair prices We have no hidden costs! Before the start of repairs, you will receive a detailed cost estimate that breaks down all services. Fair appointments Make an appointment online, by phone or in person or drop by spontaneously - we always do our utmost to ensure that you are quickly mobile again. Fair service We won't do anything without your approval. We tell you openly and honestly what repairs are necessary and you decide for yourself what should and should not be done. Fair quality Your safety is particularly important to us. That is why we only use spare parts in original equipment quality. So your vehicle guarantee is also retained. Fair work We keep all removed auto parts until the vehicle is picked up so that you can see for yourself. All work is documented by us. pitstop figures 1400 employees Around 1400 well-trained mechanics, mechatronics engineers and master car mechanics work for us. 300 branches in the north, south, west and east: Our teams are there for you in 300 branches throughout Germany. 204 cities You can find us in 204 cities, even several times in metropolitan areas. Certainly also in your area. 1506 lifts Our customers' cars are made fit again on our 1506 modern lifts. Founded in 1971 As one of the first workshop chains, we are at your side today with over 40 years of experience. pitstop partner Secure payment Pitstop: Fair car service from professionals Fair service across the board: We have committed ourselves to this goal. We work in over 300 master workshops all over Germany every day so that you can be mobile again quickly and enjoy your car for a long time. No matter whether HU / AU, vehicle inspection, shock absorber or brake change, tire change, tire storage, car glass service or replacement of the car battery - we are there for you in all matters relating to the vehicle. You can conveniently book many services from our vehicle workshops online. This saves you time and effort. If your car has to stay longer in the workshop, we will keep you moving with a replacement vehicle that can be booked easily. Ordering tires and car accessories conveniently online Pitstop not only offers car service, but also an extensive range of summer, winter and all-season tires for every need. Simply find the right tire for you online and book the tire service on the date you want. You can of course store your tires with us until the next tire change. It couldn't be easier. And if you are still missing something about car happiness, take a look at our online shop for car accessories: We offer parking aids or towbars with installation service, car headlights with assembly and much more at low prices. Quality and openness are our trump card Thanks to our more than 40 years of experience in car service, we know how important quality is for the safety of our customers. That is why we only use branded auto parts in OEM quality for all our work. This means that your vehicle guarantee is retained in any case. We also keep our prices and handling fair: we discuss everything thoroughly with you in advance, never carry out any work without your OK and provide you with a detailed record of performance and a well-kept checkbook when you pick it up. In addition, we keep all the removed parts for you until the vehicle is picked up so that you can see for yourself. Because we not only want to do our best every day, but also that little bit more. pitstop Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrics pitstop Partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop Workshops Workshop in Berlin Workshop in Dresden Workshop in Frankfurt Workshop in Hamburg Workshop in Cologne Workshop in Solingen Workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs AGB Privacy Policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter