Pitstop's FAIR speech We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of our websites, personalize content and advertising, provide social media functions, analyze data traffic and inform advertising and analysis partners about the use of our website. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Register Our FAIR speaking. Fair prices: reliable and transparent. No hidden costs. No unpleasant surprises on the bill. At pitstop you will find out exactly how the prices of the workshop services are made up and which spare parts are installed at what cost before the repair begins. Everything broken down to the last cent in a written estimate. So you can be sure that you only pay for what you book. FAIR research! Fair service: no repairs without your okay. We will tell you openly and honestly which repairs on your car are recommended. Then you decide for yourself what to do - or what not. We will not start a repair without your approval. FAIR research! Fair quality: installation of only parts in original equipment quality from leading and well-known brands. We want your car to get you to your destination reliably at all times. That is why we do not use cheap goods, but only spare and wear parts in original part quality. Your vehicle guarantee is therefore retained. FAIR research! Fair work: with detailed proof of performance. With us you can see exactly what you get for your money. Because we document all work results in checklists and maintain the checkbook of your car. In addition, we keep all dismantled old parts for you until the vehicle is picked up so that you can check at any time whether the estimated parts actually had to be replaced. FAIR research! Fair appointments: reserve in advance or stop by spontaneously. Regardless of whether you make an appointment online or drop by at random - with pitstop you are always quick and always ready. FAIR research! Pitstop has more for you. There is one thing we can assure our customers: We not only do our best at work - we always do a little more than others: be it in terms of transparency, customer service or performance. After all, we don't see ourselves as fulfilling orders that process orders to satisfy customers. We want you to be enthusiastic - regardless of whether you leave our workshop or our website. Your pitstop PLUS when buying online. We even came up with something very special for our internet visitors: the pitstop PLUS. As a thank you for a workshop service that you book online, you will receive attractive free services - be it a free accessory or an extra service. You are guaranteed to make PLUS with every online booking. pitstop Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrics pitstop Partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop Workshops Workshop in Berlin Workshop in Dresden Workshop in Frankfurt Workshop in Hamburg Workshop in Cologne Workshop in Solingen Workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs AGB Privacy Policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter