Book tire changes & wheel changes online pitstop.de We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of our websites, personalize content and advertising, provide social media functions, analyze data traffic and inform advertising and analysis partners about the use of our website. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Register to book a bike change online - it's so easy to enter your zip code & select a workshop Submit your vehicle details See price Choose an appointment Pay online Print the service ticket Print the service on site! Determine the FAIR price now. Book a bike change online at pitstop and store your bike conveniently. Pitstop workshop services Inspection TÜV Oil change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel change Glass Air conditioning Electrical Book a bike change conveniently online Leave the case to a specialist. The pitstop team will be happy to take on this task for you professionally and quickly - at an affordable fixed price. Book online now and secure your desired date! Wheel change by a specialist When changing wheels, we of course pay attention to the tightening torque prescribed for each car, so there is no doubt that you are safe at all times and that wheel bolts and rims are not damaged by overtightening. Of course, we also check the general condition of your tires. After changing the wheels, you should stop by after a certain distance to check the wheels. This service is of course free for you. More security at a low surcharge We are happy to offer you additional services such as balancing control, filling the tires with tire gas, wheel alignment or tire storage in addition to changing the tires. For your safety, we recommend balancing every time you change a wheel, because an unbalance increases the wear and tear of the entire vehicle and reduces the grip of the tires. You can easily book all service offers for changing bikes, including making appointments in your preferred pitstop branch, online. Wheel storage Not enough space to store your bikes? Tired of annoying dragging and dirty hands? Then leave the wheel set that is not required until the next upcoming wheel change with us. We store your summer or winter tires properly until the next season. Because storing tires is not only more convenient, it also extends the life of your tires. Wheel alignment Tires worn on one side can be a sign of an incorrect setting of the axle and steering geometry on your vehicle. Regular wheel alignment, e.g. B. when changing a wheel in your pitstop branch, avoids expensive repairs and high costs. Our FAIR speech: Fair prices: standard prices for all wheel sizes. Fair appointments: Simply book your desired appointment. Fair service: Tire gas filling, balancing control and wheel storage can also be booked online on request. Fair quality: check-up control free of charge and without prior appointment. Fair work: Free check of the brake pads with every wheel change. Determine fair price pitstop services inspection TÜV oil change brake exhaust chassis wheel change glass air conditioning electrical pitstop partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop workshops workshop in Berlin workshop in Dresden workshop in Frankfurt workshop in Hamburg workshop in Cologne workshop in Solingen workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter