pitstop.de ►KFZ workshop service and tires buy & save online We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of our websites, personalize content and advertising, provide social media functions, analyze data traffic, and advertising, To inform analysis partners about the use of our website. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Register online shop Towbar & Transport Batteries & Jump Starter Entertainment & Navi Child seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemicals Bicycles & Tires Accessories MANN-FILTER pitstop relies on OEM quality for all spare parts. Regardless of whether it is an oil change or air conditioning service, with MANN + HUMMEL we have a traditionally strong partner for all filters for cars. A filter brand - 97 percent market coverage in Europe At MANN-FILTER you can get filters for almost every car and for a wide range of commercial vehicles, agricultural and construction machinery - always in original equipment quality. All filters from the MANN-FILTER range meet the demanding specifications of the vehicle manufacturers. This is a matter of course for us - but it is far from being a standard in the spare parts market. Good for the car - good for the occupants Every MANN-FILTER is a high-quality brand product in original equipment quality that drivers can rely on at all times. In the vehicle, oil, air and fuel filters ensure the full and constant engine performance between two maintenance intervals and thus contribute significantly to a long car life. The flame-retardant impregnation of the air filter media offers additional protection. It prevents the air filter from igniting due to sucked-in cigarette smoke. Cabin filters from MANN-FILTER also ensure a lasting, comfortable climate in the vehicle interior. Asthmatics and allergy sufferers in particular benefit from our high-quality cabin filters, which reliably filter almost 100% dust, pollen, soot and other dirt from the ambient air drawn in. MANN + HUMMEL history Adolf Mann and Dr. Erich Hummel founded a company for the production of textile and felt filters over 70 years ago. Neither of them would have dared to dream how successful the small company in Swabian Ludwigsburg would develop. With over 14,500 employees and locations in more than 50 countries, the MANN + HUMMEL Group is today one of the world market leaders for filtration in the areas of vehicles, off-highway applications and industry. pitstop Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrics pitstop Partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop Workshops Workshop in Berlin Workshop in Dresden Workshop in Frankfurt Workshop in Hamburg Workshop in Cologne Workshop in Solingen Workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs AGB Privacy Policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter