40 years of master car service We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of our website, personalize content and advertising, provide social media functions, analyze data traffic and inform advertising and analysis partners about the use of our website. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Register Who we are How we work What we offer Careers Who we are A company in the fast lane. There are few brands in Germany that are as renowned as pitstop. If you ask for the name in this country, nine out of ten respondents know immediately that it is a question of fast, top-quality automotive service. No wonder, since pitstop was one of the workshop chains from the very beginning. Founded in 1970, the first master workshop opened in Berlin a year later. Today we have around 330 branches in 230 cities nationwide and are therefore always very close to the needs of German drivers. Every year, over 1 million of them place their trust in our employees. In the beginning it was primarily problems with exhausts, brakes or shock absorbers that led people to us, today customers can find the complete range of modern vehicle services in our workshops: from A for wheel alignment to Z for changing timing belts, inspection according to manufacturer specifications and daily HU / AU. Customers inspire with competence. Highest service quality and customer satisfaction - these are the requirements that pitstop felt committed to from the start. In order to always offer our customers the best possible service, we not only rely on the latest workshop technology, but also on first-class know-how. That is why around 1,400 well-trained mechanics, mechatronics engineers and master car mechanics work under our roof today, who are regularly trained in new techniques and repair methods. And not only that. We place particular emphasis on customer service training. Because the open, fair dialogue with our workshop visitors is unmistakable trademark of pitstop. Strong internet service. In addition to investing in infrastructure and employee qualification, we have greatly expanded our website since we were founded in 2010, setting the course for the future. As our name suffix "de" underlines, we have a well-stocked and competent internet shop in which you can quickly and easily buy the required parts and accessories, tires & wheels and workshop services. This means that interested parties can do their entire workshop order online themselves put together - with all work and parts and at a price that corresponds to your ideas and wishes. There has never been so much autonomy and fairness in the German workshop market! top How we work Fair brings more. Honest work at honest prices. That is the motto of pitstop. That's why you won't find any decoy offers, fake discounts or moon prices with us. We are completely open to you from the start - both in terms of our services and our prices. Why is openness so important to us? Quite simply: We want you to appreciate our work in the long term, recommend it to others and come back at any time. Therefore we have nothing to hide: no costs, no unnecessary repairs, no cheap spare parts. We think that's only fair to everyone involved: our customers as well as our employees. And maybe you too will soon become part of the steadily growing number of people who say “Fair idea. pitstop.de openness wins. According to our "open workshop" principle, you can look over the shoulders of our masters and mechanics at work at any time. It starts with the vehicle reception and fault diagnosis. We would be happy to give you the opportunity to stand at the lift with one of our master car mechanics and go through the defects in your car with him point by point. After the diagnosis, we will tell you in a nutshell which repairs on your car are really necessary and what costs you can expect. Then you decide on your own which of our services and to what extent. Absolute cost clarity. We also give you full insight into the preparation of the cost estimate in our service assumption. You can veto, cancel services or exchange spare parts at any time to adjust the estimated costs to your budget limit. And one thing is certain: The agreed FAIR price will then also appear on the final invoice with the exact cent. Expensive aftermath excluded, but you can check not only the costs, but also the replaced spare parts. This includes that we keep all the packaging for you and that you can even take the removed parts home with you. As you can see, we really have nothing to hide and we play with open cards in every respect. top What we offer. All services from a master hand. From tire service to oil changes. From changing the brake disc to replacing the battery. From inspections to air conditioning and glass service: at pitstop you will find all workshop services related to the car. Fast, competent and at an absolute FAIR price. For maintenance and repair work, the vehicle can be returned to the branch at any time without prior notice - or on the previously agreed date. You can of course reserve this conveniently online. We can promise you one thing: No matter if you want a date or a spontaneous visit, we will take care of your car promptly and reliably. So that you can be mobile again quickly. And should your car have to stay longer in the workshop, we will keep you moving with an attractive replacement vehicle. Inspections according to manufacturer specifications. With an inspection at pitstop you are always on the safe side. Because all inspection and maintenance services are carried out strictly according to the manufacturer's instructions and entered in the service booklet. Not only does the vehicle guarantee remain intact, but the value of your car is preserved as long as possible. If vehicle parts need to be replaced, we will of course discuss this with you in advance. It goes without saying that we only use spare parts that meet the original equipment manufacturer's quality. You receive a two-year guarantee on this. We will keep the replaced parts for you. So that you can control the exchange. Our partner TÜV Rheinland checks whether our workshops always meet the highest quality standards during the inspection. Daily check-ups. No appointment stress. No waiting times. At pitstop you can take the HU exam every day. The tests are carried out directly in our workshops by a state-recognized test organization. In order to save you the annoying exam stress, we offer you a free advance check. This is how you can easily get to the new badge. And at a price that is equally cheap for all cars. We also save you unnecessary effort when replacing or repairing a pane. With the exception of legal advice, we take care of the entire processing with the insurance. Another clear advantage of pitstop. top pitstop Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical pitstop Partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop Workshops Workshop in Berlin Workshop in Dresden Workshop in Frankfurt Workshop in Hamburg Workshop in Cologne Workshop in Solingen Workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter