pitstop ► KFZ-Werkstatt Solingen We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of our websites, personalize content and advertising, provide social media functions, analyze data traffic and inform advertising and analysis partners about the use of our website. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Register pitstop workshop services inspection TÜV oil change brake exhaust chassis wheel change glass repair air conditioning service battery service pitstop workshop in Solingen pitstop Solingen Focher Str. 58 42719 Solingen Tel: (0212) 2219156 Mon-Fri: 08:00 - 18:00 Sa: 08:00 - 13:00 workshop services in Solingen:> Inspection Solingen> HU / AU Solingen> TÜV Solingen> Air conditioning service Solingen> Oil change Solingen> Brake service Solingen> Battery change Solingen> Glass repair Solingen> Exhaust Solingen> Wheel change Solingen > Shock absorber Solingen> All services in Solingen pitstop for your car:> Audi workshop Solingen> BMW workshop Solingen> Fiat workshop Solingen> Ford workshop Solingen> Kia workshop Solingen> Mercedes workshop Solingen> Opel workshop Solingen> Peugeot workshop Solingen> Renault workshop Solingen> Toyota workshop Solingen> VW workshop Solingen> All auto workshops workshop service in Solingen:> all workshops Solingen pitsto p Solingen - We look forward to seeing you You come from 40822 Mettmann, 42855 Remscheid or 42327 Vohwinkel and are looking for a pitstop branch in 42719 Solingen? The pitstop Solingen branch is located at Focher Straße 58. The pit stop opening times of this branch can be found in the above data. In the surrounding area, pit stop is also represented with branches in 42275 Wuppertal, 40764 Langenfeld and 40591 Düsseldorf. The pitstop Solingen branch is looking forward to your arrival. pitstop - proven master quality for over 40 years The pitstop company success story began in 1970 when it was founded. The following year the first master workshop opened in Berlin. pit stop has been offering top quality car service for over 40 years. The most important thing for us is customer proximity and above all our outstanding service quality. Over a million customers confirm their satisfaction through years of loyalty to the company and our services. Over time, the pitstop company was able to open over 320 branches throughout Germany due to the enormous growth in customers and excellent services. The company now employs approximately 1400 people as mechatronics, mechanics and automotive masters and offers outstanding know-how. Our pitstop masters will be happy to answer your questions about your vehicle or vehicle accessories. You can always bring your vehicle with us without prior notice for repair and maintenance work. You can also arrange your appointment with us online or by phone. We also offer daily pit stop TÜV / main inspections. The branches are open at consumer-friendly pit stop opening times. Our extensive pit stop service is always satisfactory and also extremely inexpensive. pitstop Solingen workshop services and products We offer you all conceivable workshop services relating to your vehicle. Whether for example BMW, Mercedes, Audi, Hyundai, Opel or VW - we are prepared for all car brands and offer you the right vehicle parts, the right accessories and of course our excellent service. The pitstop inspection Mettmann of your car is excellent with us and particularly inexpensive. Other services include the pitstop tire change Remscheid, pitstop oil change Solingen or the pit stop TÜV Vohwinkel. We also have high quality products from well-known brands such as pit stop tires or pit stop tires on offer. pitstop Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrics pitstop Partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop Workshops Workshop in Berlin Workshop in Dresden Workshop in Frankfurt Workshop in Hamburg Workshop in Cologne Workshop in Solingen Workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs AGB Privacy Policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter