Book inspection online & save costs pitstop.de We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of our websites, personalize content and advertising, provide social media functions, analyze data traffic and inform advertising and analysis partners about the use of our website. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Registering the inspection online - it's so easy. Submit vehicle data See price Enter postcode & choose workshop Select appointment Pay online Print service ticket Print service on site! Determine the FAIR price now Inspection at pitstop Determine the FAIR price individually, book the service online immediately pitstop Workshop Services Inspection TÜV Oil change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel change Glass Air conditioning Electrical system Complete inspection at the individual FAIR price it also gets the value of a car. At pitstop you get the complete inspection including all compulsory parts and compulsory work. The inspection offer is calculated and created individually for your vehicle. You only pay the calculated price - without any cost traps. Defective parts can only be replaced if necessary and after detailed consultation with you. You can also conveniently book each inspection online: at the desired date in your desired branch. Receiving the manufacturer's guarantee in full We carry out the inspection or review strictly according to the manufacturer's specifications. This includes a visual and functional test, which includes the following factors: car lights and electronics, exhaust, tires, body and interior, brakes and chassis, and engine compartment. In this way, your manufacturer's guarantee is fully retained. Replacement car and mobility guarantee included We want you to stay mobile even during the inspection. Therefore, a replacement car including fully comprehensive insurance and 100 free kilometers for 1 day is already included in the price for the inspection - if available. In addition, every car that undergoes an inspection at pitstop receives a 24-month Europe-wide mobility guarantee. More safety thanks to brand quality Cheap replacement parts are a safety risk and often do not last very long. That is why we only use branded products in original quality in our workshops. We also place high demands on our work: TÜV Rheinland checks that the pitstop workshops meet the highest quality and service standards during the inspection. Our FAIR speech: Fair prices: precisely calculated for your inspection. Fair appointments: Simply book your desired appointment. Fair service: workshop replacement car is included (if available). Fair quality: Exclusive use of original quality spare parts. Fair work: Exactly according to the manufacturer's specifications. Determine the fair price Trustpilot pitstop Services Inspection TÜV Oil change Brake Exhaust Suspension Wheel change Glass Air conditioning Electrical pitstop Partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop Workshops Workshop in Berlin Workshop in Dresden Workshop in Frankfurt Workshop in Hamburg Workshop in Cologne Workshop in Solingen Workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter