pitstop.de ►KFZ workshop service and tires buy & save online We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of our websites, personalize content and advertising, provide social media functions, analyze data traffic, and advertising, To inform analysis partners about the use of our website. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Register online shop Towbar & Transport Batteries & Jump Starter Entertainment & Navi Child seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemicals Bicycles & Tires Accessories ATE pitstop relies on OEM quality for all spare parts. That is why the traditional brand ATE is our partner when it comes to brakes. There are no compromises, especially in this sensitive area. With ATE products, we guarantee the highest quality standards at all times - and contribute to the driving pleasure of our customers. Brake repair When it comes to brakes: ATE As a specialist in brake systems, ATE has been setting the standard in quality, innovative strength and understanding of the system for over 100 years - and still occupies a leading position in the independent spare parts market. Product quality that convinced ATE and is a pioneer of technical innovations that are indispensable for vehicles. Whether with the hydraulic braking system and as a development partner for driver assistance and braking systems - ATE is not only an integral part of the history of the automobile, but has also played a major role in shaping it. As a system provider, ATE has a comprehensive brake product range in OEM quality for the independent spare parts market. It covers all vehicle brands relevant worldwide and includes wear and hydraulic parts, brake fluids, electronic components and extensive services. The close cooperation within the Continental Corporation, to which the ATE brand belongs, also makes it possible to take tomorrow's requirements into account when developing new technologies today. The best example of this are products such as the ATE PowerDisc. The brake disc with endless multi-function groove uses technology that has been tried and tested in motorsport - and in addition to offering a sporty look, it offers optimal braking performance, even under difficult conditions. But ATE also has a lot to offer the comfort driver. With the innovative and already multi-award-winning ATE Ceramic brake pads, brake dust is reduced and the appearance of the rim is permanently improved. For brilliant, sustainable driving pleasure. And with Classic, ATE offers a product range that has been put together specifically for the professional and true-to-original brake repair of classic automobiles. pitstop Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrics pitstop Partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop Workshops Workshop in Berlin Workshop in Dresden Workshop in Frankfurt Workshop in Hamburg Workshop in Cologne Workshop in Solingen Workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs AGB Privacy Policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter