Change brake discs & brake pads cheaply pitstop.de We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of our websites, personalize content and advertising, provide social media functions, analyze data traffic and inform advertising and analysis partners about the use of our website. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Register Book brake repair online - it's that easy Enter postcode & select workshop Send vehicle data See price Choose date Pay online Print service ticket Print service on site! Only save 20% when booking online with the voucher code SAFE20 *! Determine the FAIR price now * The code is valid until May 17, 2020. pitstop workshop services inspection TÜV oil change brake exhaust chassis wheel change glass air conditioning electrical system Functional brakes are vital The regular changing of the brake pads and / or brake discs is one of the most important maintenance work on your vehicle. A functioning brake system is not only relevant for your own safety in road traffic, but also for the safety of other road users. So that you can bring your car to a standstill at all times and full braking does not become a problem, you should check the brake pads and brake discs regularly and have them replaced if they show signs of wear. When to change brakes? When your brake pads have to be changed depends on the individual wear. The more kilometers you drive, the more your brake pads are used. The car model and driving behavior also play an important role here. In addition, the time of a brake pad change depends on the quality of your brake pads. A regular check of the brake pads, preferably twice a year, is essential for the timely brake change. Because dangerous wear with loud noise is not always noticeable. You can check your brakes at any time in our workshops and have them changed if necessary. Have brake pads and brake discs replaced at pitstop At pitstop, your car determines the price and which work is carried out. If you want to configure your brake maintenance online, you can choose whether you want to change brake discs, change brake pads or change brake discs and pads. You will then receive an individual offer for your brake service after entering your vehicle data. Branded products for your safety We only use brake pads and brake discs from leading brands such as ATE. Original ATE brake discs shine with outstanding braking performance by manufacturing exclusively from original materials according to the specifications of the automobile manufacturers. ATE brake pads are regularly tested according to the strict specifications of the automobile manufacturer and exceed the EU requirements for replacement brake pads (ECE-R90 standard). We recommend ATE Ceramic for special requirements. The innovative brake pads prevent the formation of dark brake dust on the rims and are also particularly gentle on the material and low in noise. We recommend sporty drivers the ATE PowerDisc. The brake disc with endless groove offers a technology that has proven itself in motorsport and impresses with its sporty look. Configure your brake service online yourself or let us advise you. Our FAIR speech: Fair prices: everything in it - brake pads, brake discs, wages and small items. Fair appointments: Simply book your desired appointment. Fair service: Free reset of the electronic brake change indicator. Fair quality: For your safety, we only use spare parts in original part quality. Fair work: comprehensive check of the brake system included. Determine the fair price Trustpilot pitstop Services Inspection TÜV Oil change Brake Exhaust Suspension Wheel change Glass Air conditioning Electrical pitstop Partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop Workshops Workshop in Berlin Workshop in Dresden Workshop in Frankfurt Workshop in Hamburg Workshop in Cologne Workshop in Solingen Workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter