Subscribe to Mobox now and have tires installed at pitstop! We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of our websites, to personalize content and advertising, to provide social media functions, to analyze data traffic and to inform advertising and analysis partners about the use of our website. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Register Cars SUV Vans Winter tires Summer tires All-season tires 125 135 145 155 165 175 185 195 205 215 225 235 245 255 265 275 285 295 305 315 325 335 345 355 35 40 45 50 55 60 65 70 15 16 17 19 91 94 HQVWY Runflat number 2 4 Search 205/55 R16 91 H Frequently asked questions What is MOBOX? MOBOX is the first subscription model in Europe for premium tires. It offers a comprehensive tire maintenance service that is unique on the market. It gives you more control over your tire spending as you only have to pay a fixed monthly fee. It offers you more safety and confidence to drive with our selection of premium tires: Bridgestone, Continental, Michelin, Pirelli, Goodyear, Dunlop. Where can I subscribe to MOBOX? You can subscribe to MOBOX online and have your tires serviced in any pitstop shop. You can find your nearest point of sale at www.mymobox.de. The MOBOX subscription will soon also be available directly in the shop! Are there any additional fees for my monthly subscription? No, all services included in your MOBOX subscription are included in the monthly fee. If you want to purchase additional services or products, you can pay for them directly in the shop. What is covered by tire maintenance? Every MOBOX subscription includes a comprehensive tire maintenance service that is carried out by a MOBOX partner shop. If the partner, when inspecting the tires, believes that repairs to a tire are necessary, these repairs (or an exchange if a repair is not technically feasible) are carried out without any additional fees or charges. Where can I find more information about MOBOX? Further information on MOBOX can be found at www.mymobox.de How long does it take to subscribe to MOBOX? The registration process is straightforward and takes less than 5 minutes. We will provide you with a clear and transparent offer and you can enter your account details for the SEPA mandate. You choose the shop of your choice and make an appointment that suits you. At the time and date you will be served primarily in the selected shop. pitstop Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrics pitstop Partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop Workshops Workshop in Berlin Workshop in Dresden Workshop in Frankfurt Workshop in Hamburg Workshop in Cologne Workshop in Solingen Workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs AGB Privacy Policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter