General Terms and Conditions - pitstop.de We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of our websites, to personalize content and advertising, to provide social media functions, to analyze data traffic and to inform advertising and analysis partners about the use of our website. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Register General terms and conditions General terms and conditions and information on the conclusion of a contract in electronic business A. General terms and conditions 1. Scope and provider 2. Conclusion of contract 3. Prices, shipping costs, old parts / pledges 4. Delivery conditions 5. Execution of workshop services 6. Subsequent extensions of workshop services 7. Delivery and return date workshop performance 8. Acceptance 9. Terms of payment 10. Retention of title 11. Right of cancellation 12. Transport damage 13. Warranty 14. Final provisions B. Information on the conclusion of a contract in electronic business 1. Contractual partner 2. Formation of the contract in electronic business 3. Essential characteristics of the goods, Information payment and delivery 4. Storage of the contract text 5.Technical steps leading to the conclusion of the contract; Correction options 6. Codes of conduct 7. Further information A. General terms and conditions 1. Scope and provider 1.1 Only these general terms and conditions apply to all orders via the pitstop.de GmbH web shop (hereinafter “we” or “seller”), the customers with the seller with regard to the goods shown in the web shop (hereinafter "goods" or "products") or workshop services such as repairs, maintenance, inspections, inspections and related ancillary services (hereinafter also "workshop services"). 1.2 General terms and conditions that conflict with or differ from our general terms and conditions do not apply. 1.3 Customers in the sense of our general terms and conditions can be consumers and entrepreneurs. 2. Conclusion of contract 2.1 The descriptions of the products and workshop services in our web shop merely represent a non-binding invitation to submit an offer by the customer. 2.2 By selecting the customer, when submitting his offer (order), he submits a binding offer to conclude a contract. As soon as we have received the offer, we will send the customer an e-mail confirming that we have received the order and listing its details ("Order overview"). We then review the contract offer. If we do not accept the offer in this respect, the customer will receive a corresponding notification by email. The binding acceptance of the offer takes place only when we accept the offer by email. If we cannot make an individual offer to the customer, we will also inform him of this by email. 2.3 If our order confirmation contains typing or printing errors or if our pricing is based on technical transmission errors, we are entitled to contest, and we must prove our error to you. Payments already made will be reimbursed immediately. 3. Prices, shipping costs, old parts / deposit values ​​3.1 The prices for goods on the product pages include the statutory German VAT and other price components and are plus postage. 3.2 The prices for workshop services are based on our individually prepared offer. The goods and services listed in this offer include the statutory German VAT and other price components. 3.3 The corresponding shipping costs are specified to the customer in the order form and are to be borne by the customer, unless the customer exercises his right of withdrawal. 3.4 In the case of separately marked articles (e.g. batteries), the customer must pay an additional old part value as a deposit. The amount of the old part value is specified in the respective product description or in the final price calculation. Upon presentation of the delivery note, the old part subject to the deposit can be returned to our branches. If the old part subject to the deposit is returned by the customer in a branch, the customer will be refunded the deposit value. Alternatively, the customer can send the old part back to us. The customer bears the risk and shipping costs of returning the old part to redeem the value of the old part. The deposit will then be reimbursed to the customer by crediting the account. 4. Terms of delivery and reservation of self-delivery 4.1 The delivery of goods takes place only within Germany by the shipping route to the delivery address given by the customer in the context of his order. 4.2 Unless otherwise stated in the offer, the delivery of goods takes place immediately from our dispatch warehouse. The period of delivery begins with payment in advance on the day after the payment order has been placed with the transferring bank, with other payment methods it starts on the day after the contract is concluded and ends at the end of the last day of the period. If the last day of the period falls on a Saturday, Sunday or a public holiday recognized by the state at the place of delivery, the next working day will take the place of such a day. 4.3 Should the delivery of the goods fail due to your fault despite three attempts to deliver, we can withdraw from the contract. Possibly. Payments made will be refunded to you immediately. 4.4 If not all ordered products are in stock, we are entitled to make partial deliveries at our expense insofar as this is reasonable for the customer. 4.5 If the ordered product is not available because we are not supplied with this product by our suppliers through no fault of our own, we can withdraw from the contract. In this case we will inform you immediately and, if necessary, suggest the delivery of a comparable product. If no comparable product is available or you do not want a comparable product to be delivered, we will immediately refund any consideration already paid. 5. Execution of the workshop services 5.1 The execution of the workshop service takes place according to the order confirmed by the customer in the selected branch on the agreed delivery and execution date. 5.2 In order to perform the workshop service, the customer must present the “Service Ticket” sent to them by e-mail to the branch performing the delivery. Upon delivery to our branch, the customer leaves his vehicle to us to perform the workshop service. This is entitled to carry out trips or test drives with the vehicle delivered by the customer. 5.3 The customer can be informed by the branch about the expected time for the execution of the workshop services. After completion of the workshop services, we will inform the customer promptly about the completion (completion notification). 5.4 The performance period is extended appropriately in the event of force majeure, measures in the context of industrial disputes, in particular strikes and lockouts as well as the occurrence of unforeseen obstacles that are beyond our will, insofar as such obstacles can be proven to have a significant influence on the provision of the service or the delivery of materials are. In important cases, we will inform the customer of the beginning and end of such obstacles immediately. 6. Subsequent expansions of workshop services 6.1 If we determine when carrying out the workshop services that further workshop services on the customer's vehicle are necessary to carry out the workshop service or there is further need for repair, we will inform the customer immediately. For this purpose, we will contact the customer and submit a new, individual offer by telephone, including the subsequent extensions. If the customer accepts the new offer, a new order is created based on the terms of the new offer. 6.2 We reserve the right to withdraw from the contract or to terminate it in accordance with the statutory provisions, if it turns out during the performance of the workshop that additional work is required to perform the contractually owed service, without which the contractually owed success cannot occur , and the customer refuses to consent to the performance of this additional work. 7. Delivery and return date for workshop performance 7.1 The date specified in the offer and order is the date on which the customer must provide us with his vehicle free of personal and other valuables at the agreed place in good time (delivery date). 7.2 For the proper execution of the workshop services, the customer must have keys, vehicle documents, service booklet and insurance proof ready at the submission date in the agreed branch and at the request of our executive branch must provide them for the execution of the workshop service. Vehicles without road traffic approval or those that are subject to operating bans and / or restrictions cannot be handed in. 7.3 After completion of the workshop service and at the latest two weeks after receipt of the completion notification, the customer is obliged to pick up and pick up his vehicle at the branch that carries it out. If the vehicle is not picked up due to a circumstance for which the customer is responsible on the completion date mentioned, we reserve the right to charge the customer any stand or storage costs incurred in accordance with the statutory provisions. 7.4 If an appointment cannot be met by us or by the customer, the other contracting party must be informed immediately. To carry out the workshop services, we will immediately offer the customer an alternative appointment by phone or email. If adherence to the contract is unreasonable due to non-compliance with an appointment, the parties are free to withdraw from the contract and to assert claims for damages and reimbursement of expenses. 8. Acceptance On the pick-up date, the customer is obliged to accept the contractually performed workshop service, unless the nature of the acceptance is not possible. Acceptance is the same if the customer does not accept the workshop service within a period of one week, although he is obliged to do so. In this case, we waive receipt of the acceptance declaration. 9. Payment terms 9.1 Basically, we offer payment for orders of goods either in advance (bank transfer), Sofortüberweisung, credit card and PayPal. When ordering services, payment in advance is not required. We only accept payments from accounts within the European Union (EU) and do not under any circumstances assume the costs of a money transaction. 9.2 If you choose the payment method prepayment, we will give you our bank details in the order confirmation. 9.3 When purchasing goods, the invoice amount is to be transferred to our specified account or settled via PayPal immediately after conclusion of the contract. When paying by credit card, your account will be charged when the order is completed. 10. Retention of title The delivered or installed goods remain our property until full payment has been made. Before transfer of ownership, pledging, transfer by way of security, processing or remodeling is not permitted without our consent. 11. Right of cancellation 11.1 Consumers have a right of cancellation according to the following conditions: Cancellation policy Purchase contract / contract for goods: Cancellation policy Cancellation right You have the right to cancel this contract within fourteen days without giving any reason. The cancellation period is fourteen days from the day on which you or a third party named by you, who is not the carrier, have taken possession of the goods, if you have ordered one or more goods as part of a single order and the Goods or goods are delivered uniformly; on which you or a third party named by you, who is not the carrier, has taken possession of the last goods, if you have ordered several goods as part of a single order and the goods are delivered separately; If more than one of the above alternatives are available, the cancellation period only begins when you or a third party named by you, who is not the carrier, has taken possession of the last goods. In order to exercise your right of cancellation, you must contact us, pitstop.de GmbH, - www.pitstop.de -, Ringstr. 51 45219 Essen, e-mail: shop@pitstop.de, fax: 02054 / 9382-100, tel .: 0800 77 33 100, by means of a clear statement (e.g. a letter sent by post, fax or e-mail) via Inform your decision to cancel this contract. You can use the attached model withdrawal form, but this is not mandatory. To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication regarding your exercise of the right of cancellation before the cancellation period expires. Consequences of cancellation If you cancel this contract, we will have all payments that we have received from you, including delivery costs (except for the additional costs that result from the fact that you have a different type of delivery than the one we offer, have chosen the cheapest standard delivery), immediately and at the latest within fourteen days from the day on which we received notification of your cancellation of this contract. For this repayment, we use the same means of payment that you used in the original transaction, unless expressly agreed otherwise with you; under no circumstances will you be charged any fees for this repayment. We can refuse the repayment until we have received the goods back or until you have provided proof that you have returned the goods, whichever is the earlier. You must return or hand over the goods to us immediately and in any event no later than fourteen days from the date on which you inform us of the cancellation of this contract. The deadline is met if you send off the goods before the period of fourteen days has expired. We bear the cost of returning the goods. You only have to pay for any loss in value of the goods if this loss in value is due to handling of the goods that is not necessary for checking the nature, properties and functionality of the goods. Cancellation Policy Service Contract: Cancellation Policy Right of Cancellation You have the right to cancel this contract within fourteen days without giving any reason. The cancellation period is fourteen days from the day the contract is concluded. In order to exercise your right of cancellation, you must contact us, pitstop.de GmbH, - www.pitstop.de -, Ringstr. 51 45219 Essen, e-mail: shop@pitstop.de, fax: 02054 / 9382-100, tel .: 0800 77 33 100, by means of a clear declaration (e.g. a letter sent by post, fax or e- Mail) about your decision to cancel this contract. You can use the attached model withdrawal form, but this is not mandatory. To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication regarding your exercise of the right of cancellation before the cancellation period expires. Consequences of cancellation If you cancel this contract, we will have all payments that we have received from you, including delivery costs (except for the additional costs that result from the fact that you have a different type of delivery than the one we offer, have chosen the cheapest standard delivery), to be repaid immediately and at the latest within fourteen days from the day on which we received notification of your cancellation of this contract. For this repayment, we use the same means of payment that you used in the original transaction, unless expressly agreed otherwise with you; under no circumstances will you be charged any fees for this repayment. Sample cancellation form (download) (If you want to cancel the contract, please fill out this form and send it back.) To pitstop.de GmbH, - www.pitstop.de -, Ringstr. 51, 45219 Essen, e-mail: shop@pitstop.de, fax: 02054 / 9382-100: I / we (*) hereby cancel the contract concluded by me / us (*) for the purchase of the following goods (*) / the provision of the following service (*) ordered on (*) / received on (*) name of the consumer (s) address of the consumer (s) signature of the consumer (s) (only at Communication on paper) Date _______________ (*) ​​Delete where inapplicable. The right of withdrawal does not exist for distance contracts for the delivery of goods that are not prefabricated and for the manufacture of which an individual selection or determination by the consumer is decisive or that are clearly tailored to the personal needs of the consumer; The right of withdrawal expires prematurely in the case of distance contracts for the delivery of goods if, due to their nature, these have been inseparably mixed with other goods after delivery; 11.2 In the event of revocation, please send your ordered goods to pitstop.de GmbH, - www.pitstop.de -, Striegauer Str. 9, 33719 Bielefeld. Please keep the proof of posting for security as proof. Customers are asked to fill out the return form offered by pitstop for each order and to attach it to the shipment. In addition, customers can request a return shipping slip by phone or email from pitstop customer service, which pitstop pays for the return shipping costs. 11.3 Customers are also requested to announce their return at 0800 77 33 100 (Monday to Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.) or by e-mail to order@pitstop.de to ensure that the return is processed optimally. 11.4 The modalities mentioned in the aforementioned paragraphs 11.2 and 11.3 are not prerequisites for the effective exercise of the right of withdrawal. 12. Transport damage If goods with obvious transport damage are delivered to you, please report such errors to the deliverer immediately and please contact us as soon as possible. Our customer service is available to you at 0800 77 33 100 (Monday to Friday from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.) and by email at order@pitstop.de. Failure to make a complaint or contact us will have no consequences for your statutory warranty rights. By doing so, you help us to enforce our own claims against the carrier or the transport insurance. 13. Warranty 13.1 The statutory warranty provisions apply. The liability towards entrepreneurs for goods delivered or installed by the seller is 12 months. With regard to work contract services, the following regulations apply to entrepreneurs: The customer's claims due to inadequate workshop services, which do not constitute a guarantee, expire one year after acceptance. The limitation period also applies to claims based on a tort, which are based on a lack of workshop services. The limitation period does not apply to our unlimited liability for damage from breach of a guarantee or from injury to life, body or health, for intent and gross negligence, insofar as we have maliciously concealed a defect and for product defects. A statement by us on a defect claim asserted by the customer is not to be regarded as entering into negotiations about the claim or the circumstances justifying the claim, provided that we fully reject the claim for defects. 13.2 There is only an additional guarantee for the goods delivered or installed by us and the workshop services offered if this has been expressly given in the order confirmation for the respective article or service. 14. Applicable law, place of jurisdiction, contract language, final provisions 14.1 German law applies without the reference norms of private international law and to the exclusion of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. In business transactions with consumers domiciled in the European Union, the law on the domicile of the consumer may exceptionally also apply if the consumer protection regulations are mandatory. 14.2 The place of jurisdiction in business dealings with merchants, legal entities under public law or special funds under public law is Essen for all legal disputes in connection with the concluded contract. In this case, judicial proceedings can also be carried out at the buyer's domicile or at another statutory place of jurisdiction. 14.3 The contract language is German. 14.4 Should a provision of these general terms and conditions be ineffective, the contract remains effective. Instead of the ineffective provision, the relevant legal regulations apply. B. Information about the conclusion of a contract in electronic business 1. Contractual partner Your contractual partner is: pitstop.de GmbH represented by the managing director Stefan Kulas Ringstr. 51 45219 Essen E-Mail: info@pitstop.de Tel .: 02054 / 9382-0 Fax: 02054 / 9382-100 Register court: Essen District Court Register number: HRB 24698 Online customer service: 0800 77 33 100 (Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. 6:00 pm) 2. Formation of the contract in electronic business transactions The formation of the contract in electronic business transactions takes place in accordance with our aforementioned general terms and conditions (see above). The contract is concluded exclusively in German. 3. Essential characteristics of the goods and services, information payment, delivery and execution of the services The essential characteristics of the goods and services can be found in the respective product description in our web shop as well as in workshop services from our individual offer. Payment, delivery and performance of our services are carried out in accordance with our aforementioned general terms and conditions (see above). 4. Saving the text of the contract The text of the contract is saved by the seller and sent to the customer by email after sending his order together with the present terms and conditions and customer information. In addition, the text of the contract is archived on the seller's website and can be called up free of charge by the customer via his password-protected customer account, providing the appropriate login data, provided the customer has created a customer account in the seller's online shop before sending his order. 5. Information technical steps leading to the conclusion of the contract, correction options The customer submits his offer via the order form of the seller according to the following measure: Once you have found your desired product, you can click on the "Add to shopping cart" button to enter it Place the shopping basket of the web shop. You can view the contents of the shopping cart without obligation at any time by clicking the "Shopping cart" button. You can remove the products from the shopping cart at any time by clicking the "Delete" button. If you want to buy the products in the shopping cart, click the "Checkout" button. Before submitting your order, you can continuously check your entries again and correct them before sending them off. By clicking the "Buy" button, you finally complete the ordering process. The process can be canceled at any time by closing the browser window. On the individual pages you will find further information on the correction options. The order is accepted in accordance with our general terms and conditions (see above). 6. Codes of conduct We have not submitted to any codes of conduct. 7. Further information This information is not exhaustive. Further pre-contractual information obligations take place directly in connection with the offered product and in the course of the ordering process. Accessibility of the General Terms and Conditions and information on the conclusion of a contract in electronic business transactions You can call up and print out our current General Terms and Conditions under the link "General Terms and Conditions". Online dispute resolution The European Commission maintains a platform for out-of-court online dispute resolution between consumers and entrepreneurs (OS platform). You can reach the platform at https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/. D. Consumer Dispute Settlement Act (VBSG) We do not participate in a dispute settlement procedure before a consumer arbitration board. Status: 01.02.2017 Download the general terms and conditions as a PDF. To read the general terms and conditions in PDF format, you need Adobe Reader. Adobe Reader. Data protection declaration Your trust in the correct handling of your data is an important prerequisite for the success of our offer. Your data is processed in compliance with the applicable data protection regulations. With this data protection declaration we would like to inform you about how your data will be processed when you use our website and other offers. This data protection declaration applies regardless of the domains, systems, platforms and end devices used by us on which our services are offered. Who is responsible for data processing and who can I contact? Responsible / responsible body is: pitstop.de GmbH Managing Director: Stefan Kulas Ringstr. 51 45219 Essen Email: (info@pitstop.de) Tel .: 02054 / 9382-0 Fax: 02054 / 9382-100 You can reach our company data protection officer at: Carsten Gründges Email: (datenschutz@pitstop.de) Legal basis Processing If we obtain the data subject's consent for the processing of personal data, Article 6 (1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis. In the processing of personal data required to fulfill a contract to which the data subject is a party, Article 6 (1) lit. b GDPR as the legal basis. This also applies to processing operations that are necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. Insofar as processing of personal data is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation to which our company is subject, Article 6 paragraph 1 lit. c GDPR serves as the legal basis. In the event that vital interests of the data subject or another natural person require the processing of personal data, Article 6 paragraph 1 lit. d GDPR serves as the legal basis. If processing is necessary to safeguard the legitimate interests of our company or a third party and if the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not outweigh the former interest, Article 6 paragraph 1 lit. f GDPR as the legal basis for processing. Our company's legitimate interest lies in the conduct of our business. Processing of access data and log files Our website is designed in such a way that personal data is only requested when it is really necessary. You can stop using our website at any stage by closing your browser or visiting another website. We collect and use access data / log files such as e.g. the - name of your Internet service provider, - the page from which you are visiting us or the name of the requested file, - date and time of the request, - amount of data transferred, - notification as to whether the request was successful, - the IP address , - referring URLs, - browser types used, - operating systems used. This data is processed for the purpose of enabling the use of the website (establishing a connection), system security, technical administration of the network infrastructure and optimization of the Internet offer, thus on the basis of our legitimate interests within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR and to protect users and other unauthorized use. This data will not be passed on to third parties or otherwise evaluated. A personal user profile is not created. Processing of personal data in the context of contractual and own services Personal data is also processed if you provide it to us as part of your order / booking, when opening a customer account, when registering for our newsletter, if you have questions by contacting us / by email when making appointments, this for services and your own Advertising purposes or applications can be used. With an order, a booking, the registration, the creation of a customer account or an appointment, your entries to carry out a legal transaction / fulfillment of the contract will result in personal data such as IP address, name, gender, date of birth, address, contact details (email, telephone numbers), shopping cart, order and delivery data, car details, selected branch, selected date, payment data, delivery and location data. You can also use the respective input masks to understand which data is being collected. A customer account can be deleted at any time by unsubscribing or notifying us. The data provided will be saved by us and used to process the legal transaction. Wir verwenden die von ihnen mitgeteilten Daten ohne Ihre gesonderte Einwilligung ausschließlich zur erforderlichen Erfüllung und Abwicklung der angebotenen Leistungen, zwecks Erfüllung unserer vertraglichen Verpflichtungen und Serviceleistungen gem. Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit b. DSGVO. Mit vollständiger Abwicklung der Leistungen werden Ihre Daten für die weitere Verwendung gesperrt und nach Ablauf der steuer- und handelsrechtlichen Aufbewahrungsfristen gelöscht, sofern Sie nicht ausdrücklich in die weitere Nutzung Ihrer Daten eingewilligt haben oder eine sonstige rechtliche Rechtfertigung besteht. Weiterhin werden personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet, wenn Sie sich zu unserem Newsletter anmelden. Die von Ihnen für den Newsletter angegebenen Daten (z.B. Name und E-Mailadresse) werden von uns zu eigenen Werbezwecken sowie weitere elektronische Benachrichtigungen mit werblichen Informationen zu unseren Produkten, Angeboten, Aktionen und unserem Unternehmen für unseren Newsletter eingesetzt, nachdem Sie uns gegenüber hierzu ausdrücklich eingewilligt haben. Sie können den Newsletter jederzeit über einen in der Newsletter-Mail eingerichteten Link oder durch entsprechende Nachricht an uns abbestellen und damit Ihre Einwilligung widerrufen. Nach Abmeldung durch Sie wird Ihre E-Mailadresse unverzüglich in unserem Newsletter-Verteiler gelöscht, sofern keine gesetzlichen Aufbewahrungspflichten entgegenstehen. Aus unserer berechtigten Interessen gem. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO setzen wir für die nutzerfreundliche sowie sichere Versendung des Newsletters einen Dienstleister ein und führen statistischen Erhebungen und Analysen sowie Protokollierung des Anmeldeverfahrens durch. Der Versand des Newsletter erfolgt mittels der CleverReach GmbH & Co. KG, Mühlenstr. 43, 26180, Rastede, Deutschland („cleverreaach“) Mehr zur cleverreach und Datensicherheit bei cleverreach unter: https://www.cleverreach.com/de/ https://www.cleverreach.com/de/datensicherheit/ Der von uns versendete Newsletter enthält einen sog. Pixel-Tag über den beim öffnen des Newsletters durch den Kunden technische Informationen wie IP-Adresse, Browser, Betriebssystem, Abruf, Abrufzeit und angeklickte Links erhoben werden. Diese Informationen werden zur technischen Verbesserung sowie einer besseren Anpassung unseres Newsletterservices für die Kunden genutzt. Bei Anfragen an uns per Kontaktformular, E-Mail werden personenbezogene Daten für die Bearbeitung von Kontaktanfrage und deren Abwicklung gem. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR processed. Welche Daten bei Nutzung des Kontaktformulars erhoben werden, ist aus dem Kontaktformular ersichtlich bzw. von Ihrer Mitteilung per Mail abhängig. Diese Daten werden ausschließlich für die Beantwortung Ihres Anliegens bzw. für die Kontaktaufnahme und die damit verbundene technische Administration gespeichert und verwendet. Ihre Daten werden nach abschließender Bearbeitung Ihrer Anfrage gelöscht, sofern Sie dies wünschen und der Löschung keine gesetzlichen Aufbewahrungspflichten entgegenstehen. Für eigene Werbezwecke behalten wir uns auf Grundlage berechtigter Interessen im Sinne des Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f. DSGVO vor, Ihren Vor- und Nachnamen, Ihre Postanschrift, Ihre Mailadresse und - soweit wir zusätzlichen Angaben im Rahmen der Vertragsbeziehung von Ihnen erhalten haben - Ihren Titel, akademischen Grad, Ihr Geburtsjahr und Ihre Berufs-, Branchen- oder Geschäftsbezeichnung in zusammengefassten Listen zu speichern und für die Zusendung von interessanten Angeboten und Informationen zu unseren Produkten zu nutzen. Sie können der Speicherung und Nutzung Ihrer Daten zu diesem Zweck jederzeit durch eine Nachricht an uns widersprechen. über unsere Webseite bzw. per Mail können Sie sich auf freie Stellen in unserem Unternehmen bewerben. Hierzu haben Sie die Möglichkeit uns Ihren Namen, Anschrift, Geburtsdatum und E-Mail-Adresse sowie Ihre Bewerbungsunterlagen zu übersenden oder über ein Bewerbungsformular hochzuladen. Die über das Bewerberportal an uns übermittelten Daten werden von uns zur Durchführung des Bewerbungsverfahrens verarbeitet. Im Anschluss an die Durchführung des Bewerbungsverfahrens werden Ihre Bewerberdaten gelöscht, sofern Sie in eine hierüber hinausgehende Speicherung der Daten (etwa zur Aufnahme in einen Bewerberpool für künftige Stellen) nicht gesondert eingewilligt haben. Die Löschung der Bewerberdaten erfolgt spätestens sechs Monate nach Versand der Ablehnung, wenn bis zu diesem Zeitpunkt keine Klage bzw. Geltendmachung z.B. in einem Verfahren nach dem Allgemeinen Gleichbehandlungsgesetz (AGG) bei uns eingegangen ist. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Datenverarbeitung von Bewerberdaten ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. b DSGVO bzw. § 26 Abs. 1 BDSG (neu). Sofern Sie uns eine Einwilligung zur längerfristigen Speicherung der Bewerberdaten erteilt haben, ist Rechtgrundlage Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. a GDPR. Rechtsgrundlage für die konzerninterne Weitergabe zur Durchführung des Bewerbungsverfahrens ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. b GDPR. über den Umfang einer etwaig zu erteilenden Einwilligung wird der Nutzer im Zusammenhang mit der Registrierung für den jeweiligen Dienst transparent in Kenntnis gesetzt und die Einwilligung protokolliert. Der Inhalt der erteilten Einwilligungen wird dem Nutzer innerhalb des Dienstes zum Abruf bereitgehalten. Sollten Sie Ihre Zustimmung nicht geben, bitten wir um Verständnis, dass Sie an dem jeweiligen Dienst ggf. nicht teilnehmen können. Die von der betroffenen Person eingegebenen personenbezogenen Daten werden ausschließlich für die interne Verwendung bei dem für die Verarbeitung Verantwortlichen und für eigene Zwecke erhoben und gespeichert. Der für die Verarbeitung Verantwortliche kann Subunternehmer einsetzen, um seine Leistungen bereitzustellen und zu erfüllen oder die Weitergabe an einen oder mehrere Auftragsverarbeiter, veranlassen, der die personenbezogenen Daten ebenfalls ausschließlich für eine interne Verwendung, die dem für die Verarbeitung Verantwortlichen zuzurechnen ist, nutzt. Verwendung von Cookies Um den Besuch unserer Internetseiten attraktiv zu gestalten und die Nutzung bestimmter Funktionen zu ermöglichen, verwenden wir auf verschiedenen Seiten aus berechtigtem Interesse sogenannte Cookies. Hierbei handelt es sich um kleine Textdateien, die auf Ihrem Endgerät abgelegt werden. Die Cookies können beim Aufruf einer Seite an diese übermittelt werden und ermöglichen somit eine Zuordnung des Nutzers. Cookies helfen dabei, die Nutzung von Internetseiten für die Nutzer zu vereinfachen. Einige der von uns verwendeten Cookies werden nach dem Ende der Browser-Sitzung, also nach Schließen Ihres Browsers, wieder gelöscht. Andere Cookies verbleiben auf Ihrem Endgerät und ermöglichen uns oder unseren Partnerunternehmen, Ihren Browser beim nächsten Besuch wiederzuerkennen. Sie können Ihren Browser so einstellen, dass Sie über das Setzen von Cookies informiert werden und einzeln über deren Annahme entscheiden oder die Annahme von Cookies für bestimmte Fälle oder generell ausschließen. Gesetze Cookies können gelöscht werden. Bei der Nichtannahme von Cookies kann die Funktionalität, insbesondere die Bestellung von Produkten auf unserer Website eingeschränkt sein. Hinweis zu Webanalysedienste Auf Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen im Sinne des Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f. DSGVO setzen wir zur Analyse und Optimierung unserer Angebote die nachfolgenden Webanalysedienste ein: Wir benutzten Google Analytics, einen Webanalysedienst der Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland. („Google“). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Im Falle der Aktivierung der IP-Anonymisierung auf dieser Webseite wird Ihre IP-Adresse von Google jedoch innerhalb von Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union oder in anderen Vertragsstaaten des Abkommens über den Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum zuvor gekürzt. The full IP address is only transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services related to website activity and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. You can prevent the storage of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading the browser plug-in available under the following link and install. Alternativ zum Browser-Plugin oder innerhalb von Browsern auf mobilen Geräten klicken Sie bitte auf den folgenden Link, um ein Opt-Out-Cookie zu setzen, der die Erfassung durch Google Analytics innerhalb dieser Website zukünftig verhindert (dieses Opt-Out-Cookie funktioniert nur in diesem Browser und nur für diese Domain, löschen Sie Ihre Cookies in diesem Browser, müssen Sie diesen Link erneut klicken): Google Analytics deaktivieren Weitere Informationen sowie die Datenschutzbestimmungen von Google erhalten Sie unter: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/ https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html https://www.google.com/intl/de_de/analytics Google Adwords/DoubleClick Wir nutzen das Online-Werbeprogramme „Google AdWords“ und im Rahmen von Google AdWords das Conversion-Tracking, einen Webdienste der Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland. („Google“). The cookie for conversion tracking is set when a user clicks on an advertisement placed by Google. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used for personal identification. Besucht der Nutzer bestimmte Seiten unserer Website und das Cookie ist noch nicht abgelaufen, können Google und wir erkennen, dass der Nutzer auf die Anzeige geklickt hat und zu dieser Seite weitergeleitet wurde. Every Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie. Cookies cannot therefore be tracked via the websites of AdWords customers. The information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers learn the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, you will not receive any information that can be used to personally identify users. Nutzer, die nicht am Tracking teilnehmen möchten, können das Cookie des Google Conversion-Trackings über ihren Internet-Browser unter Nutzereinstellungen leicht deaktivieren. Diese Nutzer werden nicht in die Conversion-Tracking Statistiken aufgenommen. Sie können darüber hinaus die Erfassung der durch das Cookie erzeugten und auf Ihre Nutzung der Website bezogenen Daten (inkl. Ihrer IP-Adresse) an Google sowie die Verarbeitung dieser Daten durch Google verhindern, indem sie das unter dem folgenden Link verfügbare Browser-Plugin installieren: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de Wir nutzen Online-Werbetool „Google DoubleClick“ einen Webdienste der Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland. („Google“). DoubleClick verwendet Cookies, mit denen Google und seinen Partner-Websites, die Schaltung von Anzeigen auf Basis der Besuche von Nutzern auf dieser Website bzw. anderen Websites im Internet ermöglicht wird. DoubleClick-Cookies können Sie durch den Aufruf der Deaktivierungsseite für DoubleClick deaktivieren: https://www.google.de/settings/ads/onweb#display_optout Mehr über die Google Datenschutzbestimmungen erfahren Sie hier: https://policies.google.com/privacy?gl=de Verwendung des Google Tag Managers Wir benutzen den Google Tag Manager. Damit können wir Website-Tags über eine Oberfläche verwalten. Durch den Dienst werden lediglich Tags implementiert, so dass keine personenbezogenen Daten erhoben werden. Zudem setzt der Google Tag Manager keine Cookies ein. Mehr Informationen zum Google Tag Manager erhalten Sie hier: https://www.google.com/intl/de/tagmanager/. Hinweise für die Nutzung von Facebook, Google + Auf Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen im Sinne des Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f. DSGVO setzen wir zur Analyse, Optimierung und wirtschaftlichem Betrieb unserer Angebote die nachfolgenden Plugins ein: Auf unserer Website werden sogenannte Social Plugins („Plugins“) der sozialen Netzwerke Facebook und Google+ verwendet. Diese Dienste werden von den Unternehmen Facebook Inc. Und Google Inc.. angeboten („Anbieter“). Facebook wird betrieben von der Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). Eine übersicht über die Plugins von Facebook und deren Aussehen finden Sie hier: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins Google+ wird betrieben von der Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland („Google“). Eine übersicht über die Plugins von Google und deren Aussehen finden Sie hier: https://developers.google.com/+/web/ Wenn Sie eine Seite unseres Webauftritts aufrufen, die ein solches Plugin enthält, stellt Ihr Browser eine direkte Verbindung zu den Servern von Facebook, Google, Twitter oder Instagram her. Der Inhalt des Plugins wird vom jeweiligen Anbieter direkt an Ihren Browser übermittelt und in die Seite eingebunden. Durch die Einbindung der Plugins erhalten die Anbieter die Information, dass Ihr Browser die entsprechende Seite unseres Webauftritts aufgerufen hat, auch wenn Sie kein Profil besitzen oder gerade nicht eingeloggt sind. Diese Information (einschließlich Ihrer IP-Adresse) wird von Ihrem Browser direkt an einen Server des jeweiligen Anbieters in die USA übermittelt und dort gespeichert. Sind Sie bei einem der Dienste eingeloggt, können die Anbieter den Besuch unserer Website Ihrem Profil auf Facebook und Google+ unmittelbar zuordnen. Wenn Sie mit den Plugins interagieren, zum Beispiel den „Gefällt mir“ odern den „+1“-Button betätigen, wird die entsprechende Information ebenfalls direkt an einen Server der Anbieter übermittelt und dort gespeichert. Die Informationen werden außerdem in dem sozialen Netzwerk, veröffentlicht und dort Ihren Kontakten angezeigt. Zweck und Umfang der Datenerhebung und die weitere Verarbeitung und Nutzung der Daten durch die Anbieter sowie Ihre diesbezüglichen Rechte und Einstellungsmöglichkeiten zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre entnehmen Sie bitte den Datenschutzhinweisen der Anbieter. Datenschutzhinweise von Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php Datenschutzhinweise von Google+: https://www.google.com/intl/de/+/policy/+1button.html Opt-Out Google+: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/ Wenn Sie nicht möchten, dass Facebook oder Google+ die über unseren Webauftritt gesammelten Daten unmittelbar Ihrem Profil in dem jeweiligen Dienst zuordnen, müssen Sie sich vor Ihrem Besuch unserer Website bei dem entsprechenden Dienst ausloggen. Sie können das Laden der Plugins auch mit Add-Ons für Ihren Browser komplett verhindern, z. B. mit dem Skript-Blocker „NoScript“ (https://noscript.net/). Onlinepräsenz auf Facebook Wir betreiben auf dem sozialen Netzwerk Facebook eine Onlinepräsenz, um mit interessierten Nutzern zu kommunizieren und Sie über unser Unternehmen zu informieren. Facebook stellt uns als Betreiber der Seite sogenannte „Facebook-Insights“ zur Verfügung. Wenn Sie unsere Seite besuchen, werden Cookies gesetzt, durch die anonymisierte statistische Daten erhoben werden. Die Setzung der Cookies erfolgt dabei durch Facebook und ist ein nicht abdingbarer Teil des Benutzungsverhältnisses zwischen uns und Facebook. Die Verarbeitung der personenbezogenen Daten erfolgt auf Grundlage unseres berechtigten Interesses nach Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f. DSGVO an einer möglichst effektiven Kommunikation und Information interessierter Nutzer. Es besteht ein berechtigtes Interesse daran, unser Angebot auf Grundlage des Nutzerverhaltens auszugestalten und zu optimieren. Hinsichtlich der Datenverarbeitung sind Facebook und wir nach Art. 26 DSGVO gemeinsam verantwortlich. Facebook hat dabei die primäre Verantwortung. Wir als Betreiber der Seite treffen keine Entscheidungen hinsichtlich der Verarbeitung der Daten und alle weiteren sich aus Art. 13 DSGVO ergebenden Informationen. Betroffenenrechte können bei uns oder bei Facebook geltend gemacht werden. Wir möchten jedoch darauf hinweisen, dass die Geltendmachung gegenüber Facebook am effektivsten ist. Denn nur Facebook hat Zugriff auf die verarbeiteten Daten und kann direkt entsprechende Maßnahmen treffen sowie Auskünfte erteilen. Hinsichtlich weiterer Informationen über die Verarbeitung der Daten, die Vereinbarung über die gemeinsame Verantwortlichkeit und die Widerspruchsmöglichkeiten verweisen wir auf die Datenschutzhinweise von Facebook: Datenschutzerklärung: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ Vereinbarung über die gemeinsame Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten: https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum Widerspruchsmöglichkeit: https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen Facebook-Insights: https://www.facebook.com/business/a/page/page-insights Onlinepräsenzen in weiteren sozialen Medien Wir unterhalten Onlinepräsenzen innerhalb sozialer Netzwerke und Plattformen, um mit den dort aktiven Kunden, Interessenten und Nutzern zu kommunizieren und Sie dort über unsere Leistungen informieren zu können. Beim Aufruf der jeweiligen Netzwerke und Plattformen gelten die Geschäftsbedingungen und die Datenverarbeitungsrichtlinien des jeweiligen Anbieters. Vor allem in Bezug auf eine detaillierte Darstellung der jeweiligen Verarbeitungen und der Widerspruchsmöglichkeiten (Opt-Out), verweisen wir auf die nachfolgend verlinkten Angaben der Anbieter. Auch hinsichtlich der Geltendmachung von Betroffenenrechten weisen wir darauf hin, dass diese am besten bei dem jeweiligen Anbieter geltend gemacht werden können, da nur der Anbieter Zugriff auf Ihre Daten hat. Soweit nicht anders im Rahmen unserer Datenschutzerklärung angegeben, verarbeiten wir die Daten der Nutzer sofern diese mit uns innerhalb der sozialen Netzwerke und Plattformen kommunizieren, z.B. Beiträge auf unseren Onlinepräsenzen verfassen oder uns Nachrichten zusenden. Dienste und Inhalte Dritter Auf Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen im Sinne des Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f. DSGVO setzen wir zur Analyse, Optimierung und wirtschaftlichem Betrieb unserer Angebote Dienste Dritter ein. In diesen Fällen können die Drittanbieter die IP-Adresse der Nutzer der Drittinhalte wahrnehmen bzw. diese ist erforderlich für die Durchführung der Angebote der Drittanbieter. Die eingesetzten Drittanbieter können außerdem durch den Einsatz von sog. Pixel-Tags Informationen über Besucherverkehr auswerten und für statistische oder Marketingzwecke verwenden. Außerdem können diese Informationen in Cookies und auf den Endgeräten der Nutzer gespeichert werden. Diese Cookies können dann technische Informationen zu verwendetem Browser, Betriebssystem, Besuchszeit sowie weitere Angaben zur Nutzung unseres Webangebots enthalten und mit diesen Informationen aus anderen Quellen verbunden werden. Derzeit setzen wir die nachfolgenden Dienstleister ein und verweisen insoweit auf deren Datenschutzhinweise, sowie weitergehende Hinweise zu deren Datenverarbeitung und Nutzerrechten: Zahlungsdienstleister: Sofern Sie die Zahlungsdienste Dritter in Anspruch nehmen (Visa, Mastercard, Sofortüberweisung, Paypal), so gelten die jeweiligen Geschäftsbedingungen und Datenschutzhinweise dieser Zahlungsanbieter. Bewertungsplattformen: Wir verwenden ein Plugin der Bewertungsplattform Trustpilot A/S, Pilestræde 58, 5, 1112 Kopenhagen, Dänemark („Trustpilot“).Weitere Informationen zu TrustPilot und dem Datenschutz bei TrustPilot finden Sie hier: https://de.legal.trustpilot.com/end-user-privacy-terms. Wir verwenden ein Plugin der Bewertungsplattform Die Werkstattkenner GmbH, Südertor 2, 59557 Lippstadt („DieWerkstattkenner“).Weitere Informationen zu Die Werkstattkenner und dem Datenschutz finden Sie hier: https://www.werkstattkenner.de/Datenschutzerklaerung/. Bei einer Bestellung in unserem Shop wird eine Einladung zur Bewertung generiert. Die hierfür genutzten Daten (Emailadresse, Bestellnummer, Kundennummer, Servicefiliale) werden von den Bewertungsplattformen weder selbst genutzt, noch an Dritte weitergegeben. Eine Bewertung unseres Unternehmens kann auf der Seite der Bewertungsplattformen durchgeführt werden. Die Verifizierung einer Bewertung erfolgt auf Basis der Bestellnummer durch einen eigens erzeugten Link. Die Abgabe einer Bewertung steht Ihnen als Kunde frei. Datensicherheit Um einen unbefugten Zugang oder eine unbefugte Offenlegung zu verhindern, die Richtigkeit der Daten zu gewährleisten und die berechtigte Nutzung der Daten sicherzustellen, haben wir technische und organisatorische Verfahren eingerichtet, um die Daten, die wir online erfragen, zu sichern und zu schützen. Wir sichern unsere Website und sonstigen Systeme durch technische und organisatorische Maßnahmen gegen Verlust, Zerstörung, Zugriff, Veränderung oder Verbreitung Ihrer Daten durch unbefugte Personen. Es findet eine verschlüsselte übertragung von Daten zwischen Ihrem Browser und unserem Server statt. Ihre personenbezogenen Daten werden im Bestellprozess verschlüsselt mittels SSL-Verschlüsselung über das Internet übertragen. Kreditkartendaten werden nicht gespeichert, sondern direkt von unserem Payment-Dienstleistern erhoben und verarbeitet. Der Zugang zu Ihrem Kundenkonto ist nur nach Eingabe Ihres persönlichen Passwortes möglich. Sie sollten Ihre Zugangsinformationen stets vertraulich behandeln und das Browserfenster schließen, wenn Sie die Kommunikation mit uns beendet haben, insbesondere wenn Sie den Computer gemeinsam mit anderen nutzen. Rechte der betroffenen Person Jede betroffene Person hat das Recht auf Auskunft nach Artikel 15 DSGVO, das Recht auf Berichtigung nach Artikel 16 DSGVO, das Recht auf Löschung nach Artikel 17 DSGVO, das Recht auf Einschränkung der Verarbeitung nach Artikel 18 DSGVO, das Recht auf Widerspruch aus Artikel 21 DSGVO sowie das Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit aus Artikel 20 DSGVO. Beim Auskunftsrecht und beim Löschungsrecht gelten die Einschränkungen nach §§ 34 und 35 BDSG. Darüber hinaus besteht ein Beschwerderecht bei einer zuständigen Datenschutzaufsichtsbehörde (Artikel 77 DSGVO i.V.m. § 19 BDSG). Eine erteilte Einwilligung in die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten können Sie jederzeit uns gegenüber widerrufen. Dies gilt auch für den Widerruf von Einwilligungserklärungen, die vor der Geltung der Datenschutzgrundverordnung, also vor dem 25. Mai 2018, uns gegenüber erteilt worden sind. Please note that the cancellation only applies to the future. Verarbeitungen die vor dem Widerruf erfolgt sind, sind davon nicht betroffen. Widerspruchsrecht nach Artikel 21 DSGVO 1. Einzelfallbezogenes Widerspruchsrecht Sie haben das Recht, aus Gründen, die sich aus Ihrer besonderen Situation ergeben, jederzeit gegen die Verarbeitung Sie betreffender personenbezogener Daten, die aufgrund von Artikel 6 Abs. 1 lit e DSGVO (Datenverarbeitung im öffentlichen Interesse) und Artikel 6 Abs. 1 lit f DSGVO (Datenverarbeitung auf der Grundlage einer Interessenabwägung) erfolgt, Widerspruch einzulegen. Legen Sie Widerspruch ein, werden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht mehr verarbeiten, es sei denn, wir können zwingende schutzwürdige Gründe für die Verarbeitung nachweisen, die Ihre Interessen, Rechte und Freiheiten überwiegen, oder die Verarbeitung dient der Geltendmachung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen. 2. Widerspruchsrecht gegen eine Verarbeitung von Daten für Zwecke der Direktwerbung In Einzelfällen verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, um Direktwerbung zu betreiben. Sie haben das Recht, jederzeit Widerspruch gegen die Verarbeitung Sie betreffender personenbezogener Daten zum Zwecke derartiger Werbung einzulegen. Weitergabe der Daten an Dritte Eine sonstige als die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung dargestellte Weitergabe an Dritte - auch nicht in Auszügen - zu kommerziellen noch zu nichtkommerziellen Zwecken, findet nicht statt. Etwas anderes gilt nur, sofern Ihr ausdrückliches Einverständnis vorliegt oder die Datenweitergabe auf Grund der geltenden gesetzlichen Bestimmungen gerechtfertigt ist. Ein Abgleich mit anderen Datenbeständen findet nicht statt. Routinemäßige Löschung und Sperrung von personenbezogenen Daten, Dauer der Speicherung Wir verarbeiten und speichern Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, solange es für die Erfüllung unserer vertraglichen und gesetzlichen Pflichten erforderlich ist. Personenbezogene Daten werden daher für die Dauer der jeweiligen gesetzlichen Aufbewahrungsfrist gespeichert. Sind die Daten für die Erfüllung vertraglicher oder gesetzlicher Pflichten nicht mehr erforderlich, werden diese regelmäßig gesperrt oder gelöscht, es sei denn, deren — befristete — Weiterverarbeitung ist erforderlich zu folgende Zwecken: Erfüllung handels- und steuerrechtlicher Aufbewahrungspflichten: Zu nennen sind insbesondere das Handelsgesetzbuch (HGB) und die Abgabenordnung (AO). Die dort vorgegebenen Fristen zur Aufbewahrung bzw. Dokumentation betragen zwei bis zehn Jahre. Bei Erhaltung von Beweismitteln im Rahmen der gesetzlichen Verjährungsvorschriften nach den §§195ff. des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches (BGB) können diese Verjährungsfristen bis zu 3o Jahre betragen, wobei die regelmäßige Verjährungsfrist 3 Jahre beträgt. Eine Speicherung kann darüber hinaus dann erfolgen, soweit dies durch den europäischen oder nationalen Gesetzgeber in unionsrechtlichen Verordnungen, Gesetzen oder sonstigen Vorschriften, denen der für die Verarbeitung verantwortliche unterliegt, vorgesehen wurde. Fragen und Hinweise Sofern Sie weitergehende Fragen zum Thema Datenschutz bei unseren Angeboten und Leistungen haben, können Sie uns über die angegebenen E-Mailadressen kontaktieren. Wir werden dann versuchen, Ihre Fragen zu beantworten und mögliche Bedenken aus dem Weg zu räumen. Für die Nutzung unseres Webangebots gilt immer die zum Zeitpunkt Ihres Besuchs online abrufbare Fassung der Datenschutzerklärung. Wir behalten uns vor, diese Datenschutzerklärung jederzeit unter Beachtung der geltenden Datenschutzvorschriften zu ändern. Daher sollten Sie regelmäßig unseren Internetauftritt besuchen und änderungen zur Kenntnis nehmen. Abrufbarkeit der Datenschutzerklärung Sie können diese Datenschutzerklärung in der jeweils aktuellen Fassung unter dem Link "Datenschutz" abrufen und ausdrucken. Stand Mai 2018 Datenschutzerklärung als PDF herunterladen oder ausdrucken. Um die Datenschutzerklärung im PDF-Format lesen zu können, benötigen Sie den Adobe Reader. pitstop Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrics pitstop Partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop Workshops Workshop in Berlin Workshop in Dresden Workshop in Frankfurt Workshop in Hamburg Workshop in Cologne Workshop in Solingen Workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs AGB Privacy Policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter