pitstop fleet service: fleet card & mobile service We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure that our website functions properly, to personalize content and advertising, to provide social media functions, to analyze data traffic, and to provide advertising and analysis partners about the use of our website inform. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Register fleet customer services Fleet service Become a fleet customer Contact Our fleet service fleet card With the fleet customer card from pitstop we want to make your partnership with us as easy as possible. When presenting the card in one of our more than 300 master-run full-service workshops throughout Germany, you will receive discounted purchase conditions and conveniently pay by invoice with a payment term of 14 days. The fleet card is free of charge and non-binding for you. Service mobile If you cannot come to us, we will simply come to you. The pitstop service mobile provides a large part of our services on site - depending on availability. The service mobile is currently available in Berlin and Frankfurt or after consultation with your pitstop branch. Benefit from the following mobile services: • Wheel management, including tire changes and tire repairs • Stone chip repairs • Repairs to the vehicle brakes • Replacing windscreen wipers and light bulbs • Replenishing all Liquids (no change) top pitstop Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical pitstop Partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop Workshops Workshop in Berlin Workshop in Dresden Workshop in Frankfurt Workshop in Hamburg Workshop in Cologne Workshop in Solingen Workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs Terms and Conditions Privacy policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter