pitstop Castrol online shop We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of our website, personalize content and advertising, provide social media functions, analyze data traffic and inform advertising and analysis partners about the use of our website. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Register online shop Towbar & transport Batteries & jump starter Entertainment & navigation Child seats Light & view Oils & additives Care & chemistry Bicycles & tires Accessories Castrol motor oils in the pitstop online shop Whether on the race track or on the street: Castrol stands for the most advanced products and is from the point of view the consumer is the best known and most widely used lubricant brand in Germany. In our online shop you will find a large selection of Castrol engine oils. Castrol - The leader in the production of oils in the vehicle market Castrol is the brand of the leading lubricant manufacturer Castrol Limited and can look back on a long tradition as part of the BP Group. The company was founded in 1899 and specialized in the production of oils, which were in particular demand by rail, seafaring, mining and textile companies. The products quickly became known all over the world. The company was active in the field of racing early on and cooperates with various automobile manufacturers. The company develops industrial and vehicle lubricants for all types of engines. Today, the products are used on all transport routes such as rail transport, shipping, aerospace, industry and general road traffic. Cooperation partners today are well-known companies such as the VW or BMW group, Volvo and DAF, with which the quality can be increased through continuous improvement processes. Castrol is the innovation and technology leader in the lubricant market and offers a wide range of engine oils, gear oils and special products for the automotive, two-wheeler and commercial vehicle sectors as well as for shipping, aviation and industry. The brand stands for power, performance and innovation. For many people, these attributes are based on motorsport, which Castrol has supported with motor-driven vehicles since the beginning of the racing history. In Germany, Castrol products are sold through petrol stations, car and truck workshops, the auto parts trade and many other sales outlets for engine, transmission oils and specialty lubricants. The founder of Castrol, C.C. Wakefield had the idea of ​​working as closely as possible with the engine and transmission experts from other companies in order to be able to develop products and lubricant solutions that were tailored to their specific requirements. Today Castrol is a strategic partner of leading automobile manufacturers and industrial companies - with a global presence. Research and development is carried out in close cooperation with the OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer), scientific and technical centers and universities in laboratories around the world in order to constantly redefine the performance limits of modern lubricant technology. Castrol has been part of the BP Group since 2000 - one of the largest integrated global energy companies with around 90,000 employees worldwide. Castrol and pitstop: A strong team from which you benefit. At pitstop we know how important the quality of lubricants is for the life and function of a vehicle. That is why we rely on the proven products of the quality brand Castrol for all questions regarding engine oil, because we always want to give the best: not only for our customers in service, but also for every vehicle. pitstop Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrics pitstop Partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop Workshops Workshop in Berlin Workshop in Dresden Workshop in Frankfurt Workshop in Hamburg Workshop in Cologne Workshop in Solingen Workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs AGB Privacy Policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter