pitstop.de ►KFZ workshop service and tires buy & save online We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of our websites, personalize content and advertising, provide social media functions, analyze data traffic, and advertising, To inform analysis partners about the use of our website. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Register online shop Towbar & Transport Batteries & Jump Starter Entertainment & Navi Child seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemicals Wheel & Tires Accessories TÜV Rheinland pitstop works closely with TÜV Rheinland to ensure the high quality and service demands of all pitstop workshops. For example, pitstop was awarded the "Monitored inspection quality" certificate by TÜV Rheinland for the third time in a row. The entire process of an inspection is checked - from the condition of the workshop, through the execution of all work, to the qualification of the employees. About HU / AU For inspection About TÜV Rheinland TÜV Rheinland is a leading international independent inspection service provider with over 140 years of tradition. 19,300 people work in 69 countries worldwide. They generate annual sales of over 1.7 billion euros. The independent experts stand for the quality and safety of people, technology and the environment in almost all areas of life. TÜV Rheinland tests technical systems, products and services, accompanies projects and processes for companies. The experts train people in numerous professions and industries. To this end, TÜV Rheinland has a global network of recognized laboratories, testing and training centers. TÜV Rheinland has been a member of the United Nations Global Compact for more sustainability and against corruption since 2006. www.tuv.com on the Internet. The Mobility business unit generated sales of 433 million euros in 2014. TÜV Rheinland is expanding the classic vehicle inspections throughout Germany. But this business is also growing internationally - especially in Western Europe and Africa. The experts from TÜV Rheinland test around 8.5 million vehicles worldwide and thus contribute to greater safety on the roads. In addition to the automotive test business and rail technology, the division is also responsible for the driving license test in Germany with over 250,000 tests a year, auto service and expert reports, the testing of the approval capability of vehicle components and vehicles (homologation), traffic telematics and logistics. pitstop Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrics pitstop Partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop Workshops Workshop in Berlin Workshop in Dresden Workshop in Frankfurt Workshop in Hamburg Workshop in Cologne Workshop in Solingen Workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs AGB Privacy Policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter