Change shock absorber & save costs pitstop.de We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of our websites, personalize content and advertising, provide social media functions, analyze data traffic and inform advertising and analysis partners about the use of our website. Information and data subject rights under: Data protection declaration | Cookie Policy. * Understood Menu Register MAKE A FINDING APPOINTMENT Please select Please select 0 Menu MAKE A FINDING FINDER Jobs Register your vehicle: Please select your branch: Please select 0 Services Inspection TÜV Oil Change Brake Exhaust Chassis Wheel Change Glass Air Conditioning Electrical System Trailer Coupling & Transport Batteries & Jump Start Entertainment & Navi Child Seats Light & View Oils & Additives Care & Chemistry Bicycles & Tires Accessories Tires Tire Shop Wheel Shop TPMS / TPMS Fleet Customers Fleet Customers Services Fleet Service Become Fleet Customers Company About us FAIR Speaks Careers Contact Do you already have an account with pitstop.de? Then you can log in here with your access data. E-Mail Password Login Forgot password If you don't have a customer account yet, you can register here quickly and easily. After registering with pitstop.de you can use all the advantages of Mein pitstop and view and manage your details and orders. Register to book a shock absorber change online - it's so easy to enter the zip code & select a workshop Submit vehicle data See price Choose an appointment Pay online Print the service ticket Print the service on site! Determine FAIR price now Shock absorber replacement at pitstop branded products for your safety pitstop workshop services Inspection TÜV oil change brake exhaust chassis wheel change glass air conditioning electrics Shock absorber replacement can be booked online at pitstop. The affordable fair price is calculated individually according to your car model and already includes everything: working materials and wages. This saves you from nasty surprises and you know exactly what you are paying. Why replace shock absorbers? Shock absorbers are used to suppress the vibrations of the unsprung mass of the vehicle or to let them decay quickly. After brakes, steering and tires, shock absorbers are the most important component for safely and comfortably controlling a vehicle. Depending on usage, age and mileage, shock absorbers can be exchanged without obvious damage. The consequences of bad shock absorbers are not only a longer braking distance, an increased risk of aquaplaning and an increased sensitivity to side winds, but also greater tire wear. When to change shock absorbers? In order to avoid follow-up costs and restore safety and driving comfort, it is advisable to have shock absorbers checked every 20,000 km. With the regular shock absorber check at pitstop, we ensure that the vibrations in your vehicle are correct. You should have your shock absorber checked urgently by us if you notice the following: bumping noises on bad roads at low speed, vehicle swinging after a bump, uneven tire wear, fluttering steering, spongy cornering behavior, increased sensitivity to side winds. We would be happy to advise you personally! Our branded shock absorbers We install shock absorbers of the brands SACHS and Monroe in OEM quality. These manufacturers stand for the highest quality and leading innovation in the suspension of vehicles - both in series production and in the spare parts market. Our teams prefer to install them when changing shock absorbers. Our FAIR speech: Fair prices: everything in it - shock absorbers, wages and small items. Fair appointments: Simply book your desired appointment. Fair service: additional brake fluid control included. Fair quality: 3-year guarantee when installing Sachs Reflex. Fair work: Including brake test on the test bench with the new shock absorbers. Determine fair price pitstop services inspection TÜV oil change brake exhaust chassis wheel change glass air conditioning electrical pitstop partner ATE Castrol Sachs MANN-FILTER TÜV Rheinland pitstop workshops workshop in Berlin workshop in Dresden workshop in Frankfurt workshop in Hamburg workshop in Cologne workshop in Solingen workshop in Munich Trustpilot About us Jobs Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Imprint Help & FAQ Contact Newsletter