Our offer - Erem Serwis Erem Service always on the way Erem Service always on the way Home Service Our offer Service KAMAZ Service MAZ Other brands Spare parts News Rate us Projects Contact Our offer Truck service and repairs The main scope of activity is: Warranty and post-warranty repairs of heavy vehicles MAN Post-warranty repairs ... More information Service and repairs of trailers The service is equipped with computers, as well as testers for diagnosing and repairing systems ... More information Accident repairs Considering the unfavorable situation in which our employees are very often ... More information Unusual repairs and modifications of vehicles Our service base is equipped with tools and equipment that allows us ... More information Tools and diagnostic equipment In addition to many years of experience in the field of truck repairs and professional facilities our ... More information Komf ort Erem Serwis pays special attention to the professional service of our clients. To ... More information Brands we support Social Media Facebook VK.com Twitter YouTube Skype Our offer Truck service and repairs Trailer repair and service Accident repairs Unusual repairs and modifications of vehicles Diagnostic tools and equipment Comfort Service KAMAZ MAZ service Other brands Menu News Spare parts Rate us Projects Contact Privacy policy Cookies Contact / Website ul. Polowa 1 05-300 Mińsk Mazowiecki, Poland +48 25 758 42 16 +48 25 758 42 15 +48 662 677 777 Working hours: Mon-Fri: 7: 00-20: 00 Sat: 7: 00-14 : 00 (closed until further notice) Language version Choose Polish Russian ISO 9001: 2015 © 2020 Erem Serwis | Web Design by AR Jankowski.media.pl Write to us, we will call you × I consent to the processing by Erem Serwis s.c. personal data provided in the form to provide an answer. Providing data is voluntary and the basis for data processing is my consent, which I can withdraw at any time. The website uses cookies. In order to optimally use the website and its offers, please agree to the use of these cookies. If you do not agree to the use of cookies, you can change your browser settings. However, this may limit the scope of site support. More information. Cookies. I agree