News - Erem Serwis Erem Serwis always on the way Erem Serwis always on the way Home Service Our offer Service KAMAZ Service MAZ Other brands Spare parts News Rate us Projects Contact News Post-accident repairs of trailers At Erem Serwis we not only carry out post-accident repairs of trucks, we also provide repairs after accident ... More Accident repair of trucks We are not afraid of accident repair of any truck brand. More Damaging braking system If your braking system is not in the best shape then go immediately ... More Truck repair Truck repair requires a professional approach, professional knowledge as well as skills and experience. Before you choose the right ... More Comprehensive vehicle repairs We offer professional repair and diagnostic services. At Erem Serwis we have many years of experience when it comes to ... More ABS system If the ABS system in your vehicle is not in top condition, it's best ... More Accident assistance At EREM Serwis we offer quick and effective accident assistance. Towing the car or transporting on a transporter ... More Replacing the steering system Steering is definitely one of the most important elements of the vehicle. Even the smallest deficiencies directly affect ... More Spare parts At EREM SERWIS we have a really wide selection of spare parts. In addition, they are available in ... More Vehicle diagnostics In our EREM car service you can of course carry out a diagnostic test of the vehicle. Thanks to this, you can freely ... More Navigating through entries 1 2 3 ... 20 »Brands we support Social Media Facebook VK.com Twitter YouTube Skype Our offer Truck service and repairs Trailer service and repairs Accident repairs Unusual repairs and modifications of vehicles Tools and Comfort diagnostics equipment KAMAZ Service MAZ Service Other brands Menu News Spare parts Rate us Projects Contact Privacy policy Cookies Contact / Service ul. Polowa 1 05-300 Mińsk Mazowiecki, Poland +48 25 758 42 16 +48 25 758 42 15 +48 662 677 777 Working hours: Mon-Fri: 7: 00-20: 00 Sat: 7: 00-14 : 00 (closed until further notice) Language version Choose Polish Russian ISO 9001: 2015 © 2020 Erem Serwis | Web Design by AR Jankowski.media.pl Write to us, we will call you × I consent to the processing by Erem Serwis s.c. personal data provided in the form to provide an answer. Providing data is voluntary and the basis for data processing is my consent, which I can withdraw at any time. The website uses cookies. In order to optimally use the website and its offers, please agree to the use of these cookies. If you do not agree to the use of cookies, you can change your browser settings. However, this may limit the scope of site support. More information. Cookies. I agree