Erem Serwis | VK VKLog inSign up Don't let social distancing get in your way! Find out which VK tools can help you maintain your usual rhythm of life even when you have to stay at home.More Erem Serwis Your service in Poland! Please log in to start following this community. InfoDescription: Accident in Poland or Europe? Call us - we will help +48 694 439 696 (Russian-speaking operator) February 25, 2016 Erem Service SC and the BAMAP Association of International Road Carriers entered into an agreement on technical assistance to Belarusian carriers in the EU. Expand text ... Our specialization: ▪ Service and repair of all brands of trucks; Maintenance and repair of all brands of semitrailers; Auto diagnostics of all brands of trucks; Capital repairs of engines and gearboxes; vehicles, semi-trailers, refrigerators, tankers Towing damaged vehicles and semi-trailers from Poland, as well as Western and Eastern Europe▪ Original new and used spare parts Emergency Commissioner in Poland and Western Europe Website: eremserwis.ruLocation: Polowa, Mińsk Mazowiecki Latest NewsOpen the ApplicationOther Members 121Photos 26Discussion board 1Show more ... Links 4Contacts 2Actions Notify about postsAdd to BookmarksSearch postsReport Don’t let social distancing get in your way! Find out which VK tools can help you maintain your usual rhythm of life even when you have to stay at home.More 35 posts Erem Serwis 21 Nov 2016 pinned post Directions for truck of vehicles 1012 Erem Serwis 16 Feb 2017 From January 1 to March 31, 2017 in our authorized service center you can take advantage of a special offer for services and original MAN spare parts regarding the cleanliness and comfort of car operation. Expand text ... In the offer, first of all, fuel filters, oil filters, air filters, as well as cabin filters for air purification - all parts are available at exceptionally low prices! The promotion includes the purchase of parts along with a replacement. You can find more information about the offer in our service - we invite you! 4326 Erem Serwis 16 Feb 2017 The coolant pump is an important element of the engine cooling system. Thanks to it, the coolant is distributed through separate channels in the engine block, thereby preventing its overheating. Expand text ... Unfortunately, like any device, the pump can also fail. The most common malfunctions include: depressurization of the pump, jamming, damage to the piston rings or gaskets under the heads. Each such malfunction threatens engine damage and is often associated with the need to replace the pump with a new one. To avoid serious problems, it is worth checking the condition of the pump at an authorized service center regularly, as well as taking care of the good quality of the coolant. 4280 Erem Serwis 16 Feb 2017 For many years, trucks (also some MAN models) have been equipped with an SCR exhaust gas purification system to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions in accordance with the required standards. Expand text ... This system works by converting nitrogen oxide into a catalyst exhaust system for harmless volatile nitrogen and water vapor. This is possible with a special solution of urea and distilled water called AdBlue®. In accordance with the recommendations of the MAN car manufacturer, only quality AdBlue® products that are manufactured according to ISO 22241 quality standard must be used. These fluids are available at many Authorized MAN Service Stations. 259 Erem Serwis 13 Feb 2017 We want to remind you - we work not only with MAN trucks! As an Authorized Service MAN, we specialize in servicing cars of this brand. However, for many years we have been successfully performing any car repair with the Scania, Expand text logo ... Iveco, MAZ, Renault, DAF, Mercedes and Volvo. For these brands, we offer post-warranty repairs, computer diagnostics, as well as emergency repairs. We have access to the necessary spare parts, we provide quick service delivery, and also provide comfortable conditions for drivers waiting for a car to be received. In addition to all of the above, it is also possible to tow damaged cars and semi-trailers from all countries of the European Union and Eastern Europe. 61254 Show more