Privacy policy - Hermitage. Service Hermitage. Always on the way. Hermitage. Always on the way. Home Service. Our offer. Service KAMAZ. MAZ Service Other brands. Spare parts. 12-14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46 / EC, we inform that: Administrator Personal Data The administrator of your personal data is the company Erem Serwis sc R. M. Parol, R.M. Danielak with the seat ul. Polowa 1, 05-300 Mińsk Mazowiecki, entered into the Central Register of Economic Activity, NIP: 8222280613, e-mail address biuro@eremserwis.pl, phone number + 48 25 758 42 16. Data Protection Inspector Appointed by the Administrator The Data Protection Inspector is in Administrator's seat at: ul. Polowa 1, 05-300 Mińsk Mazowiecki, e-mail address biuro@eremserwis.pl, phone number + 48 25 758 42 16. Purposes of personal data processing The processing of your personal data may take place for the following purposes: a) Purpose of processing: All activities related to the preparation, conclusion, proper performance and termination of contracts. Processing period: Until the end of the contract, and after that time, for other purposes related to the contract, e.g. the period for securing any claims. Legal basis: Regulation, Art. 6 clause 1 lit. b). b) Purpose of processing: All activities related to the preparation, conclusion, proper performance and termination of contracts to which you are not a party. Processing period: Until the end of the contract, and after that time, for other purposes related to the contract, e.g. the period for securing any claims. Legal basis: Regulation, Art. 6 clause 1 lit. f). c) Purpose of processing: Implementation of activities based on consents granted, including: information about the Administrator and about his activities, marketing via electronic channels and telephone, preparation and sending of commercial offers ordered, responses to messages sent via the Administrator's website. Processing period: Until the consents are withdrawn. Legal basis: Regulation, art. 6 clause 1 lit. and). In relation to the situation from points 3 lit. a-b, providing personal data is voluntary, but necessary to achieve the indicated purposes. Sources of personal data collection We process your personal data obtained directly from you (e.g. data provided on the forms), as well as obtained from other publicly available sources, e.g. the National Court Register (KRS), Central Business Information Register (CEIDG) and the database code. Recipients of personal data The recipients of your personal data may be: a) public authorities or entities authorized to request access or receive personal data on the basis of legal provisions, b) entities entrusted with the processing of personal data on the basis of concluded contracts, e.g. accounting offices, offices legal entities, printing houses, courier items suppliers, IT service providers and other services processing data on behalf of the Administrator, c) entities to which you have agreed to share and process your personal data. The administrator will not transfer your personal data to a third country or international organizations. Data storage period Your personal data will be stored for the period of cooperation with you or the entity you represent. After this time, for the period of limitation of claims related to this cooperation or the period necessary to perform the obligations imposed by generally applicable law. Your personal data processed on the basis of consent will be stored for the period of its validity, i.e. until its withdrawal. After this time, for the period necessary to perform the obligations imposed by generally applicable laws. Permissions You have the right to: a) request access to personal data concerning you, b) request correction of personal data concerning you, c) request removal or restriction of the processing of personal data concerning you, d) object to the processing of personal data concerning you persons, e) requesting the transfer of personal data concerning you, f) lodging a complaint to the Supervisory Body (President of the Office for Personal Data Protection, previously the Inspector General for Personal Data Protection). The detailed scope of your rights as a person to whom the personal data relates is contained in Chapter III of the GDPR entitled "Rights of the data subject." Automated decision making Your personal data will be processed in an automated or partially automated manner. They will not, however, serve to make decisions that rely solely on automated processing, including profiling. Policy changes The Administrator reserves the right to change this policy and update it. Contact information Contact form Erem Serwis s.c. ul. Polowa 1 05-300 Mińsk Mazowiecki, Poland Tel: +48 25 758 42 16 Fax: +48 25 758 42 15 Mobile: +48 662 677 777 E-mail: biuro@eremserwis.pl Working hours: Mon.-Fri. : 7: 00-20: 00 Sat: 7: 00-14: 00 (closed until further notice) More Name and surname * Email address * Message content I agree to be processed by Erem Serwis sc personal data provided in the form to provide an answer. Providing data is voluntary and the basis for data processing is my consent, which I can withdraw at any time. Brands we support Social Media Facebook VK.com Twitter YouTube Skype Our offer Truck service and repairs Trailer repair and service Accident repairs Unusual repairs and modifications of vehicles Diagnostic tools and equipment Comfort Service KAMAZ MAZ Service Other brands Menu News Spare parts Rate us Projects Contact Privacy policy Cookies Contact / Website ul. Polowa 1 05-300 Mińsk Mazowiecki, Poland +48 25 758 42 16 +48 25 758 42 15 +48 662 677 777 Working hours: Mon-Fri: 7: 00-20: 00 Sat: 7: 00-14 : 00 (closed until further notice) Language version Choose Polish Russian ISO 9001: 2015 © 2020 Erem Serwis | Web Design by AR Jankowski.media.pl Write to us, we will call you × I consent to the processing by Erem Serwis s.c. personal data provided in the form to provide an answer. Providing data is voluntary and the basis for data processing is my consent, which I can withdraw at any time. The website uses cookies. In order to optimally use the website and its offers, please agree to the use of these cookies. If you do not agree to the use of cookies, you can change your browser settings. However, this may limit the scope of site support. More information. Cookies. I agree