Willi Dépannage - Breakdown and towing services - Brussels Willi Dépannage - OPEN 24H / 24! FRENNLAHomeOur missionsAbout usContact Do you need unlocking services for your vehicle? The solution to your door blocked or stuck emergency (doors locked with the keys forgotten on the dashboard, loss of keys ...), call our company. We move quickly to solve your problem efficiently. We have about ten years of experience in car breakdown assistance and unlocking car doors. This experience allows us to open the doors of any car without causing damage. The doors of your vehicle will be unlocked quickly. Save yourself all the inconvenience caused by blocked doors by calling on our services. Dynamic and responsive, we unlock the doors of your vehicle in no time. Besides, we have the complete and adequate tools. Motorists in and around Brussels, do not hesitate to contact us in the event of a road breakdown. We will make it our business to provide you with the best of services. Call us 24/7 to unlock your car With our services 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, your unlocking requests will be processed on your first phone call. With Willi troubleshooting, we send a qualified and experienced technician to check your situation immediately following your first call. In addition to speed and professionalism, we offer services such as: Keys inside the vehicle / being locked outside your vehicle. Car Key Replacement Lost Key Solutions Car and Trunk Unlock Service We are a licensed and fully insured breakdown service company that is fully accepted and recognized by major insurance agencies. We offer services for a wide range of car models; Audi, Buick, Cadillac, Dodge, Ford, Honda, Hyundai, KIA and Nissan, to name a few. Locking with the only keys inside your vehicle Have you accidentally locked the doors of your car with the keys still inside? First, you can breathe a sigh of relief - you are not the first person in such a situation. A Willi troubleshooting professional will arrive on site in a few moments to resolve your problem. We have the capabilities and skills to open car trunks and doors! Lost Car Keys Losing your vehicle keys can be quite stressful - especially since we tend to lose them at the worst possible time. Our technicians offer professional services for different types of lost car keys: ignition keys, trunk keys, transponder keys, chip keys and even keys with interchangeable blades. You don't have duplicates If you no longer have the duplicate keys of your car or if you simply bought your car without a duplicate, it is essential to get them as soon as possible. In this case, you must contact an authorized dealer since most keys for current vehicles are equipped with an internal coded chip which prevents them from being copied by an individual or during a car wash. Willi Dépannage can take care of this service for you, we will do it by contacting our partners who are the least expensive for you. We will simply need some information that you will give us by phone. About us Our technicians are continuously trained to work on all makes of vehicle and without any risk of damage. The most delicate operation being the opening of the trunk for BMW and Mercedes. It happens very and too often. Our breakdown service has made it its specialty without any damage to your vehicle. Security systems evolve and our technicians follow them meticulously. No system can resist us. Willi Dépannage always uses state-of-the-art equipment. Do not worry, any intervention requires the presentation of an identity document or details of what is in the vehicle to ensure that only owners have access to their own car. Stop worrying and contact Willi Troubleshooting - peace of mind is at your fingertips! Our rates? Regarding our rates, it is variable depending on some criterion which you will be asked from the first contact: Your full contact details (Last name, first name, address, email address, etc.) The loading and delivery addresses (1 € per kilometer) The vehicle model Vehicle brand Vehicle problem (Breakdown, whether it starts or not, if it is loaded, etc.) Vehicle accessibility In order to be transparent with our customers during our services, we take the trouble to communicate a quote before any work. The estimate will retrace all the services and the total price of the invoice. Once the customer validates it, our convenience store hurries to the scene to serve you better. Our prices are unbeatable! Call usFill out our form Send us an email CORONAVIRUS INFO: We invite you to stay at home as much as possible! Take care of yourself, take care of others and hold on.General informationWilli Troubleshooting Address: Chaussée de Mons 421, 1600 Leeuw-Saint-Pierre, BelgiumVAT number: BE0712733828Phone number: 0489 / 22.05.05E-mail: Willi-depannage @ hotmail .com Opening hours Monday: 24h / 24 Tuesday: 24h / 24 Wednesday: 24h / 24 Thursday: 24h / 24 Friday: 24h / 24 Saturday: 24h / Sunday Sunday: 24h / 24 Every day of the year including during vacancies and public holidays Social network Service area Brussels Belgium France Germany Luxembourg Netherlands International towing services © 2019 by Willi Dépannage.