Willi Dépannage - Breakdown and towing services - Brussels Willi Dépannage - OPEN 24 HOURS A DAY! FRENNL Your car has been repaired for lack of registration, insurance, our Willi breakdown team will assist you in your dealings with the police, until the recovery of your vehicle. (obligation to subscribe to a 3-month chassis insurance) A vehicle can be removed by decision of the police. To recover your vehicle, you must follow a procedure and make a payment. There are many reasons for seizure, for example: lack of registration: absence of registration plate or non-corresponding plate, in fact, a police officer has access 24 hours a day in the DIV register. If the license plate does not correspond to the vehicle, it must have it entered even if the vehicle is properly insured. lack of insurance: the most frequent, It is enough that your insurance has passed one day for the police officer to have your car seized. It is therefore essential to be able to present a valid green card at any time of the day and night. In the latter case, as well as weekends and public holidays, the police have no other means of verification: know it! defect in technical control: the most rare is a seizure of the car for a defect in technical control. Legally, this can be considered abuse. Legal steps with your insurance could prove you right. However, what happens more often is that a vehicle is seized for a parking violation but the validity of the technical control is exceeded. Thus, the agent is logically entitled to demand an authorized repairer in order to tow him directly to technical control since it represents a potential danger. Procedures for the return of your vehicle Insurance defect The procedure for the return of the vehicle is as follows: present a valid green card ON THE CHASSIS NUMBER of the vehicle seized for at least 3 months, in other words insured 3 months on the chasis , go to the police station with an approved Z plate holder or an approved repairer. The fine incurred for a lack of insurance can go up to 4,000 euros depending on the area. However, the magistrate takes into account recidivism and the circumstance. If this is a first conviction and there has been no incident, the fine may be considered "slight". Lack of registration When a vehicle is seized for a lack of registration, the following conditions are necessary for the return: present a green card, go to the police station with an approved Z plate holder or an approved repairer who must pass the vehicle to technical control. The fine incurred for a lack of registration is around 50 euros. Lack of technical control The return condition is to present all the documents in order as well as to present yourself with Z plates or an approved repairer. The convenience store remains responsible for the vehicle until it passes technical inspection. The convenience store cannot return the vehicle without having completed all. Our rates? Regarding our rates, it is variable depending on some criterion which you will be asked from the first contact: Your full contact details (Last name, first name, address, email address, etc.) The loading and delivery addresses (1 € per kilometer) The vehicle model Vehicle brand Vehicle problem (Breakdown, whether it starts or not, if it is loaded, etc.) Vehicle accessibility In order to be transparent with our customers during our services, we take the trouble to communicate a quote before any work. The estimate will retrace all the services and the total price of the invoice. Once the customer validates it, our convenience store hurries to the scene to serve you better. Our prices are unbeatable! Call usFill out our form Send us an email CORONAVIRUS INFO: We invite you to stay at home as much as possible! Take care of yourself, take care of others and hold on.General informationWilli Troubleshooting Address: Chaussée de Mons 421, 1600 Leeuw-Saint-Pierre, BelgiumVAT number: BE0712733828Phone number: 0489 / 22.05.05E-mail: Willi-depannage @ hotmail .com Opening hours Monday: 24h / 24 Tuesday: 24h / 24 Wednesday: 24h / 24 Thursday: 24h / 24 Friday: 24h / 24 Saturday: 24h / Sunday Sunday: 24h / 24 Every day of the year including during vacancies and public holidays Social network Service area Brussels Belgium France Germany Luxembourg Netherlands International towing services © 2019 by Willi Dépannage.