Willi Dépannage - Breakdown and towing services - Brussels Willi Dépannage - OPEN 24 HOURS A DAY! FRENNLAHomeOur missionsAbout usContact National and international towingTo receive the best towing services, contact the Willi Dépannage team. Willi towing services Troubleshooting are the best performing on the market. The primary goal is to get you back on the road in the shortest possible time. By choosing Willi Dépannage, you opt for roadside assistance available 24/7. It is very easy to reach us if necessary. National and international towing services are our specialty and the hallmark of our business. Our tows are insured to preserve the integrity of your vehicle and the peace of mind. The courtesy of our staff and their professionalism will reassure you and build your loyalty for all the unexpected. For any towing we will ask you to give us some information before we can give you an exact quote; Your full contact details (Name, first name, address, email address, etc.) The loading and delivery addresses (1 € per kilometer) The vehicle model The vehicle brand The vehicle problem (Breakdown, whether it starts or not, if it is loaded, etc) Accessibility of the vehicle Indeed each kilometer is worth 1 € but the price varies from the distance made, the model of the vehicle and its problem. Call 0489 / 22.05.05 now. We will be happy to answer all your questions. National & international towing, everywhere in Belgium and throughout most of the European countries (France, Netherlands, Denmark, Germany, Luxembourg, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Austria, Switzerland, Spain, etc.). Call usFill out our form Send us an email CORONAVIRUS INFO: We invite you to stay at home as much as possible! Take care of yourself, take care of others and hold on.General informationWilli Troubleshooting Address: Chaussée de Mons 421, 1600 Leeuw-Saint-Pierre, BelgiumVAT number: BE0712733828Phone number: 0489 / 22.05.05E-mail: Willi-depannage @ hotmail .com Opening hours Monday: 24h / 24 Tuesday: 24h / 24 Wednesday: 24h / 24 Thursday: 24h / 24 Friday: 24h / 24 Saturday: 24h / Sunday Sunday: 24h / 24 Every day of the year including during vacancies and public holidays Social network Service area Brussels Belgium France Germany Luxembourg Netherlands International towing services © 2019 by Willi Dépannage.