Willi Dépannage - Breakdown and towing services - Brussels Willi Dépannage - OPEN 24 HOURS A DAY! FRENNLAHomeOur missionsAbout usContact Breakdown of mired vehiclesOur company offers quality services for the recovery of mired or mired vehicles in Brussels and all of Belgium. Our experts are at your disposal. A single phone call and they intervene in emergency to repair any type of mired car. At your service 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, you can reach us as soon as the need arises. We will assist you as soon as possible. An expert to get out of a mired vehicle During periods of heavy rain or snow, it often happens that a car or any other vehicle is immobilized, despite itself, by mud or ice. Driving on wet ground quickly becomes hell when your car is completely stuck in mud. It is clear that faced with such a situation, one is very anxious, and finding a convenience store, who is competent and available is very difficult. In the Brussels region, our team of convenience stores continues to do its prowess. In fact, the experts who make up our structure are efficient, and have the equipment and gadgets necessary to tow all of the mired vehicle models. Whether you are on a sandy area, or a ground full of snow, when our specialists receive your phone call, they activate themselves as quickly as possible to get your vehicle out of this stagnation. We have tow trucks that can go on all types of terrain. Also, we assure you that the car will not suffer any damage after the breakdown service. This can sometimes even happen on paths or areas that you use every day. No need to panic or force on your gas pedal. Typically this will only get worse and sink you further into the mud. In the event of snow, the probability of doing it alone is higher, except if the slope is too steep and / or your car is a powered vehicle. In these latter cases, you risk damaging your vehicle because it will tend to move laterally or backwards. Defogging of all types of vehicle Our particularity is that we work for all types of vehicles in Belgium. So, you can contact us at any time for: A car A van A people carrier A 4X4 A van A motorhome The services are very varied within our breakdown assistance company, and we are always there for our customers. troubleshooting of mired vehicle Regarding our rates, it is variable according to some criterion which you will be asked from the first contact: Your full contact details (Name, first name, address, email address, etc.) The addresses of loading and deliveries (1 € per kilometer ) The model of the vehicle The brand of the vehicle The problem of the vehicle (Breakdown, whether it starts or not, if it is loaded, etc.) The accessibility of the vehicle In order to be transparent with our customers during our services, we take the penalty to communicate a quote before any work. The estimate will retrace all the services and the total price of the invoice. Once the customer validates it, our convenience store hurries to the scene to serve you better. Our prices are unbeatable! Call usFill out our form Send us an email CORONAVIRUS INFO: We invite you to stay at home as much as possible! Take care of yourself, take care of others and hold on.General informationWilli Troubleshooting Address: Chaussée de Mons 421, 1600 Leeuw-Saint-Pierre, BelgiumVAT number: BE0712733828Phone number: 0489 / 22.05.05E-mail: Willi-depannage @ hotmail .com Opening hours Monday: 24h / 24 Tuesday: 24h / 24 Wednesday: 24h / 24 Thursday: 24h / 24 Friday: 24h / 24 Saturday: 24h / Sunday Sunday: 24h / 24 Every day of the year including during vacancies and public holidays Social network Service area Brussels Belgium France Germany Luxembourg Netherlands International towing services © 2019 by Willi Dépannage.