Motorhome workshop Hanover - Kostas Autoservice HomePKWMotorbikeLKWMotorhomeOur companySpare carsTire and winter service24-hour acceptanceReviewsContact HomePKWMotorbikeLKWMotorhomeOur companyReviewsContact Your car repair shop in Hanover Motorhome / caravan We offer you excellent and extensive repair and caravan services in the Hanover area. We are very familiar with the idiosyncrasies and demands of the Knaus, Dethleffs, Hymer, Bürstner, Hobby, Tabbert brands. No matter whether your motorhome is based on FIAT Professional, Mercedes Benz, VW, Ford or Renault - we will help you with the experience of many years! We optimize and repair! Electrical system of motorhomes troubleshooting + repair on all electrical systems such as Starters, alternators, window regulators, lighting systems. Caravan Service Caravan technology Radio installation Motorhome repair, motorhome maintenance, motorhome service Procurement of special equipment / accessories Windshield renewal for almost all types of motorhomes Side window replacement (e.g. Arto, Flair, Clou) Equipment Installation of accessories / special equipment Installation of additional springs, loads Attachment of motorcycle / bicycle carriers Attachment of towbars (AHK) Installation of ladders and roof rails Installation of awnings Retrofitting of supports Roof box Roof luggage rack Surf carrier Lifting supports Mechanics & chassis Shock absorber repair Brake repair Couplings Axles Own chassis measurement Exhaust system Retrofit of soot particle filter CAT retrofit exhaust system Service number 0511 3523813 Contact form Name E-Mail Message It applies the data protection declaration Note: Please fill in the fields marked with *. Opening times Monday - Friday 9 am - 6 pm Saturday 10 am - 3 pm How to find us Frieda Duensing Weg 5 30165 Hanover Tel. 0511 352 38 13 "Hey Siri, navigate me to Kostas Autoservice!" Imprint | Privacy Policy Cookie Policy @ Kostas Autoservice Unsubscribe | Edit Scroll to top This website uses cookies. Cookies are used for user guidance and web analysis and help to improve this website. By continuing to use this website, you agree to our cookie policy. More information here: Cookie Policy Ok