Autowerkstatt Hannover - Kostas Autoservice HomePKWMotorbikeLKWMotorhomeOur companySpare carsTire and winter service24-hour acceptanceReviewsContact HomePKWMotorbikeLKWMotorhomeOur companyReviewsContact Your car workshop in Hanover Since 1987 ... ... we are a free car workshop in Hanover and offer our customers the best service for car. Fair service comes first in our auto repair shop. As a master car company and independent vehicle workshop for all vehicle types, we are the point of contact when it comes to your vehicle repair. Whether general inspection (TÜV / AU), inspection, oil change, toothed belt, brake change, tire change, tire storage, summer tires, winter tires or replacement of the car battery - we are there for you in all questions about the vehicle. Find out more about our service, what is behind our special concept and what we repair in the first place. Linger in our photo gallery or browse the website for tried and tested tips for a more pleasant journey. Quality. We want you to be 100% satisfied. Quality is the most important thing for us. Our aim is to be the first address for you when it comes to your beloved car. With our car workshop in Hanover, you have found the competent partner who is at your side in all matters relating to your vehicle, regardless of whether it involves inspection or repair services. Fairness! "You always do the good you do for yourself." - Leo Tolstoi In our craft, we place great value on the professional competence of our employees, high quality with an optimal price-performance ratio, adherence to delivery dates and customer satisfaction! Price guarantee. You have a good or better offer. Then contact us. Our price guarantee makes even large repairs affordable. We want to offer our customers the opportunity to repair and buy everything quickly and easily in one place and to save them unnecessary time through extensive price comparisons and unnecessary routes to different providers! Further reviews Opening times Monday - Friday 9 am - 6 pm Saturday 10 am - 3 pm How to find us Frieda Duensing Weg 5 30165 Hanover Tel. 0511 352 38 13 "Hey Siri, navigate me to Kostas Autoservice!" Imprint | Privacy Policy Cookie Policy @ Kostas Autoservice Unsubscribe | Edit Scroll to top This website uses cookies. Cookies are used for user guidance and web analysis and help to improve this website. By continuing to use this website, you agree to our cookie policy. More information here: Cookie Policy Ok