About us - Kostas Autoservice HomePKWMotorbikeLKWMotorhomeOur companySpare carsTire and winter service24-hour acceptanceReviewsContact HomePKWMotorbikeLKWMobile homeOur companyReviewsContact Your car workshop in Hanover About us Our modern car workshop is equipped with the latest technology to make your vehicle serviced and fit again. The services of our vehicle workshop cover almost all repair, maintenance and repair areas for your vehicle. Our premise is your satisfaction with our service, which is why we guarantee for: individual advice and support of the highest quality and precision work quick appointment and on-time delivery inexpensive repair procedures environmentally friendly paintwork comprehensive support in damage handling Take a closer look at our extensive range of workshop services and don't be afraid before questions, we will be happy to advise and inform you! Tire and winter service 24-hour acceptance replacement car We are a free auto repair shop As a brand-independent specialist company, we dedicate ourselves to all accident damage or maintenance and repair work with our workshop services at an optimal price-performance ratio. Our workshop works with the latest technology and the latest knowledge from our profession. With our partner FSP we can offer you TÜV and AU every day. We are the specialist company for historical vehicles! No matter whether youngster or old-fashioned used vehicles, in our service portfolio you will find a large repair and maintenance offer for every vehicle type. A classic car is a very special treasure that you only want to give to expert hands. In our specialist workshop you are exactly right if you want to have repair or maintenance work carried out on your classic car! Our master car mechanics and mechatronics engineers take care of your jewelery with a lot of expertise and enthusiasm for historical vehicles. We are the specialist company for automotive air conditioning service! The air conditioning system for your vehicle is in very good hands with us. We are the service expert if you have problems with your air conditioning! Replacement carTire and winter service24 hour acceptance Opening times Monday - Friday 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. Saturday 10 a.m. - 3 p.m. How to find us Frieda Duensing Weg 5 30165 Hanover Tel. 0511 352 38 13 "Hey Siri, navigate me to Kostas Autoservice!" Imprint | Privacy Policy Cookie Policy @ Kostas Autoservice Unsubscribe | Edit Scroll to top This website uses cookies. Cookies are used for user guidance and web analysis and help to improve this website. By continuing to use this website, you agree to our cookie policy. More information here: Cookie Policy Ok