Autoreparatur Hannover - Kostas Autoservice HomePKWMotorcycleLKWMotorhomeOur companySpare carsTire and winter service24-hour acceptanceReviewsContact HomePKWMotorbikeLKWMotorhomeOur companyReviewsContact Your car repair shop in Hanover Passenger cars Rattling exhaust? The air conditioning is on strike again? These are all problems that our employees would be happy to solve for you. With our comprehensive service package, you can come to us carefree and trustworthy with all vehicle problems. A broken mirror or sheet metal damage - an accident can happen quickly! For a quick repair you should go to a competent workshop. Inspection In order to ensure long-term and long-lasting reliability of driving performance for your vehicle, we offer regular inspections. Have your vehicle put through its paces, especially before long journeys such as a holiday trip or before the onset of winter, in order to prevent unpleasant surprises. TÜV and AU To ensure safety on roads, everyone is obliged to have a main inspection carried out on their vehicle. Our partner DEKRA, as an officially recognized testing organization, tests your vehicle for ability to drive and for safety standards to be met. Engine The engine is the heart of your vehicle and as such should be particularly carefully maintained and cared for. Optimal interaction between the engine and drive electronics is crucial for vehicle performance. We offer regular inspections and general overhauls for your engine. Name E-Mail Manufacturer key number 2.1 (optional) Type key number 2.2 (optional) Message The data protection declaration applies. Note: Please fill in the fields marked with *. Opening times Monday - Friday 9 am - 6 pm Saturday 10 am - 3 pm How to find us Frieda Duensing Weg 5 30165 Hanover Tel. 0511 352 38 13 "Hey Siri, navigate me to Kostas Autoservice!" Imprint | Privacy Policy Cookie Policy @ Kostas Autoservice Unsubscribe | Edit Scroll to top This website uses cookies. Cookies are used for user guidance and web analysis and help to improve this website. By continuing to use this website, you agree to our cookie policy. More information here: Cookie Policy Ok