Privacy Policy | Turismotor, Opel Official Dealer in Torrejón de Ardoz (Madrid) TurismotorOpel Official Dealer in Torrejón de Ardoz and in Alcobendas (Madrid) LocationTorrejón de Ardoz 916564713Alcobendas 910011000Tarrejón de ArdozElectric offers / VehiclesOffices / Commercial Vehicles In StockAssessor / CompaniesEMPRANES AND SMESOffers renting / Post-saleAfter-sale offersmyOpelAfter-sale commitmentsOriginal PartsOnline accessoriesGuarantee / FlexcareMaintenance and reviewsManuals / About usLocationServices / NewsOur newsOfficial web siteYour privacy and cookies controlled by Opel España, SLU (CIF B-50629187) Polígono Entrerríos s / n, 50639 Figueruelas (Zaragoza) and hosted by our IT service provider, CDM Estrategi Tanacsado Kft (Carussel), Gogol U 13, 1133 Budapest, Hungary. Please read our Policy carefully Privacy Policy, you will know how we will process your personal data and how we use cookies. The use of this website implies that you accept this Privacy Policy. 1. Types of data processed / Links to other websites We respect your privacy and through this website we collect and process different types of personal data, including: The information you provide us when registering, using our website or requesting our services, for example, name, Address, email or image files that you upload as a user. The data we need when you report a problem on the website. The information collected by cookies. For more information, see section 2.This website may contain links to other websites of Opel or Opel associates, such as our authorized repairers or other related companies, as well as social networks. When clicking a link to another Opel or third party website, please consider that these websites have their own privacy policy. Please be aware of their privacy policy before using these websites. This website may contain iFrames with content from other Opel or third party websites. Opel assumes no responsibility for the content displayed by third-party iFrames. This information is the sole responsibility of the owners of the corresponding website. Opel exercises no control or assumes any responsibility for external content and only offers it for the convenience of its visitors. Therefore, when visiting a web page with third party content, consider that this page may have its own cookie policy. Opel has no control over the distribution of these cookies. Please refer to the privacy and cookie policy of third party websites for further information.Opel assumes no responsibility of any kind on third party websites. 2. Information on the treatment of personal data Your personal data will be treated by us as controllers to manage and fulfill your requests as described below: The treatment of the data is based on Art. 6 (1) a) of the General Protection Regulation Data of the European Union (RGPD) in case you express your consent and / or in Art. 6 (1) b) of the aforementioned RGPD Regulation in the case of online requests.We, as controllers, process your personal data from the following form: Data (those marked with * are compulsory) Purpose1. Identification and contact information (Name and surname *, email *, telephone, postal address (* if applicable)) Contact and respond to your request Subscription / Unsubscribe from our Newsletter. 2. Information of the model of your interest * Respond to your request 3. Your selected Opel Dealer * Respond to your request 4. Information on Leasing or Financing plans (* if applicable) Respond to your request 5. Details of your current vehicle: Vehicle Identification Number (VIN), date of first registration, registration, odometer reading, date / time of delivery of the vehicle, date / time of collection of the vehicle, type of service *, replacement vehicle response to your service request 6. InquiryContact to answer your questionThe elements in the previous sections 1 to 4 marked with an * are mandatory and necessary data to respond to your request. Therefore, if you do not provide them to us, we will not be able to respond to your request. Based on your behavior as a visitor to our website, a pop-up window may appear offering you a test drive or an offer for your model. interest. Please refer to Section 7 for detailed information on cookies. The data listed above will be stored for three years after the end of the contractual relationship. Recipients Data Purpose Recipient (s) Identification and contact data (Name and surname *, email *, telephone, postal address (* if applicable), Model of your interest, your selected Opel Dealer, Leasing / Financing Plans (* if applicable), Details of your current vehicle: Vehicle Identification Number (VIN ), date of first registration, registration, odometer reading, date / time of delivery of the vehicle, date / time of collection of the vehicle, type of service *, replacement vehicle, Inquiry Respond to your request We, Opel Spain, SLU, ( CIF B-50629187) Polígono Entrerríos s / n, 50639 Figueruelas (Zaragoza) and Opel Automobile GmbH, Bahnhofsplatz, 65423 Rüsselsheim am Main, Germany, co We share your personal data with the respective data controllers to support the management of the purposes described. We, (Opel España, SLU, (CIF B-50629187) Polígono Entrerríos s / n, 50639 Figueruelas, Zaragoza) and Opel Automobile GmbH, Bahnhofsplatz, 65423 Rüsselsheim am Main, Germany, we share your personal data with the corresponding IT service provider (GM Holdings LLC, Michigan, USA) based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) and therefore in one country without the adequate level of data protection. There is no compliance decision from the European Commission, but there are adequate security mechanisms, in this case the EU Model Contractual Clauses (EU SCC’s). To obtain a copy, please send an email to privacyrights@opel.com Identification and contact details (Name and surname *, email *, telephone, postal address (* if applicable), Model of your interest, your Dealer Selected Opel, Leasing / Financing Plans (* if applicable), Details of your current vehicle: Vehicle Identification Number (VIN), date of first registration, registration, odometer reading, vehicle delivery date / time, date / time of vehicle collection, type of service *, replacement vehicle, Inquiry To offer financing services, leasing and related requests We, Opel Finance España SA (CIF A28671600) Polígono Entrerríos s / n, 50639 Figueruelas (Zaragoza); Opel Spain, SLU, (CIF A28671600) Polígono Entrerríos s / n, 50639 Figueruelas (Zaragoza) and Opel Automobile GmbH, Bahnhofsplatz, 65423 Rüsselsheim am Main, Germany, we share your personal data alles with the corresponding IT service provider (GM Holdings LLC, Michigan, USA) based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) and, therefore, in a country without the adequate level of data protection. There is no compliance decision from the European Commission, but there are adequate security mechanisms, in this case the EU Model Contractual Clauses (EU SCC’s). To obtain a copy, please email privacyrights@opel.com3. Types of cookies To optimize our services, both this website and the messages sent by email, online services, advertisements and interactive applications may use "cookies." What is a cookie? A cookie is a small file, normally formed by letters and numbers, sent by the server of our website to the cookie file of your browser. The main purpose of a cookie is to allow our server to present you with personalized web pages that can make visiting the Opel website an individual experience tailored to your personal preferences. For the purposes listed above, we share your personal data with the following Recipients: Some cookies are essential for the operation of this website and are automatically activated. Other cookies allow the user to offer the services and functions that best suit their needs and adjust our services to their preferences to ensure easy and quick use of our website.What type of cookies does this website use? Opel España, S.L.U. uses two types of cookies on this website: Essential Cookies Persistent Cookies Essential Cookies allow users to navigate the website and use its functions. Without these cookies, certain services, such as Vehicle Configurator or Request Forms, cannot be provided. We use Essential Cookies to: Ensure the operation of the website and the correct execution of its functions. Allow you to save your preferences in the Vehicle Configurator. Allow you to plan the route to the nearest Dealer through the Dealer Locator. Persistent Cookies remain in your browser file between different browsing sessions. They are used to maintain the settings or preferences of the visitor and thus improve the use of our website on future visits. Some of these cookies are provided by authorized third parties. We use Persistent Cookies to: Provide opel.es offers that we consider may be of interest to our users. Provide our media and advertising partners with information about your visit so that they can offer you personalized ads. .Share information with partners who offer a service on our website. This information is shared only to offer a service, product or feature (for example, color picker feature in Vehicle Configurator) and is not used for other purposes. Some Persistent cookies are provided by authorized third parties, however we do not allow that are used for purposes other than those described above. 4. Pixel tags This website contains pixel tags (also called web beacons) A pixel tag is a transparent image, usually no larger than 1 x 1 pixel, that is placed on a web page or in an email to monitor the behavior of the user who visits the web or receive an email. This allows knowing which computer accessed a certain website, when and from which country / city. 5. Tracking and Analytics For continued optimization of our marketing communications, we employ Adobe Inc.'s “Adobe Analytics” software and Google Analytics. This allows knowing the online behavior of the visitor in terms of time, geographic location and use of the website. The information is collected through tracking pixel tags and / or cookies. This information is anonymous and is not linked to personal data. All the information necessary for the analysis is stored on the servers of Adobe Systems Inc. in London, United Kingdom. Opel does not share this information with third parties for independent use. If you do not agree with this analysis, you can disable it here: For Adobe Analytics: https://www.adobe.com/es/privacy/opt-out.html For Google Analytics: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/ gaoptout? hl = es6. RetargetingRetargeting cookies allow us to provide more interesting offers to users who have previously shown interest in Opel products. These cookies remain in the browser file between the different browsing sessions. They allow advertising of Opel products to be placed on associated sites or on social networks.The insertion of these ads is completely anonymous and is based on cookie technology. No personal data of any kind (such as IP address or the like) is stored and no user profile is associated with your personal data, and no user-related data is transmitted to partner company or social media sites. Advertising is also completely anonymous. 7. Cookies used This section informs you of the cookies used on our website. If you do not agree with the use of a specific cookie, you can deactivate it by clicking on the name of the cookie. If there is no direct link to disable a cookie, you can limit the use of cookies in your browser settings, see section 8.CookiesData collected via CookiesPurposeStorage timeFacebookGoogle AdWordsGoogle AnalyticsDoubleclick These online and tracking cookies present you with relevant ads on based on what you have viewed or clicked and the pages of our website visited by Signal (contact@brighttag.com) Adobe Analytics These cookies count visitors and evaluate how our website IgnitionOne (privacy @ ignitionone) is used. com) This cookie examines the use of our website to show promotional campaigns according to certain usage patterns DWT own cookiesDWT_currencycms_carusseldwt_SITEIDparking_car_SITEIDlast_uploaded_img_path- ID for a session- Selected currency- Allow cookies- Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) of the stored car- Last route of the picture Loaded- These cookies help to store the user's settings- Keep the selected currency- If the user presses the button to allow cookies- Stores the selected cars- Path of the last file loaded 8. Enable or disable cookies and similar resources To optimize our Services, both this website, as well as messages sent by email, online services, advertisements and interactive applications may use "cookies". What is a cookie? The 'Help' menu of your computer's browser informs you of: How to avoid accepting new cookiesHow to configure the browser to notify you when you receive new cookiesHow to completely disable cookiesIf cookies are disabled, much of the content on this website will also be disabled. For example, the Dealer Locator and the Vehicle Configurator, in addition the offers relevant to the user may not be displayed correctly. To avoid this, we recommend that you keep cookies enabled. For more information, see the numerous online publications, for example: www.allaboutcookies.org/en/9. Interaction with Social Networks Links to Social Networks / Plugins of Social Networks. Our website includes links to different social networks. We do not use social media plugins to protect your personal data during your visit to our website; instead, our web pages integrate HTML links that make it easy to share them on social media platforms. These HTML links prevent a direct connection to social media servers when opening a page on our website. When you press one of the buttons, a window opens in the browser that directs the user to the page of the provider of the social network, in which you can (after logging in) press, for example, the "Like" or "Share" button For more information on the purpose and scope of data processing and the subsequent use of your personal data by the provider of the social network, in addition to knowing your rights and the possibility of configuration to protect your privacy, consult the protection information of Data of the service provider: Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php Twitter: https://twitter.com/privacy Instagram: https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388 YouTube: https: / /www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/ LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/impressum 10. Your rights As a “data subject”, you can exercise the right of access, the right to rectification, the right to be forgotten, the right to restrict the processing of your personal data them, the right to the portability of their data and the right to oppose the processing of their data, always in accordance with Art. 6 (1) e) of) of the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union (RGPD) or in accordance with the applicable law in the event that personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes. Please remember that the aforementioned rights are limited by law and must be satisfied by us under certain conditions and to the extent possible .If you wish to exercise the aforementioned rights, send us an email to: info@turismotor.com or send a letter to: Data Protection Officer of Opel Spain, SLU Joaquim Goncalves, Asesoría Jurídica (RGPD), Polígono Entrerríos s / n, 50639 Figueruelas (Zaragoza)] As responsible controllers of this website, we can update your personal data at any time (for example, to change your address). right to claim (Art. 77 of the RGPD) please contact the Spanish Agency for Data Protection, NIF Q2813014D, C / Jorge Juan, 6, 28001 Madrid. Telephones: 901 100 099/91 266 35 17, https: //www.agpd.es Right to withdraw your consent You have the right to withdraw your prior consent at any time, send a letter to: Avenida de la Constitución, 136 28850 Torrejón de Ardoz (Madrid) or send an email to: info@turismotor.com The withdrawal of consent will not affect the legality of the data processing carried out based on the consent given before its withdrawal. 11. Changes in our Privacy Policy All future changes in our Privacy Policy will be published on this website. Therefore, you should review the content of this section periodically. 12. Contact For any query, comment or request regarding our Privacy Policy, as well as to access any personal data collected through this website or to exercise your right to rectify, block or cancel this data, please send a letter to the following address: Some Persistent cookies are provided by authorized third parties, however, we do not allow them to be used for purposes other than those described above.Turismotor SAAvenida de la Constitución, 136 28850 Torrejón de Ardoz (Madrid) Or send an email to : opel.spain@opel.comVersion: May 2018 Svg Vector Icons: http://www.onlinewebfonts.com/icon TurismotorDo you need help or advice? LET US KNOW, WE WILL CALL YOUMaybe laterYes, call me We will call you Name (*) First name (*) Telephone (*) Reason (*) Sales (*) After-sales (*) By clicking "Send" I accept the Legal Conditions and Privacy Policy Send (*) Mandatory fields (**) Pol Privacy PolicyBy clicking "Send" I accept the Legal Conditions and Privacy Policy WE CALL YOUConfiguratorDriving testContactCustom offer Workshop appointmentOpel.Copyright © 2020 dapda.comWeb mapLegal notePrivacy and cookies policyModelsChoose New Corsa-eAstra Sports TourerNears Pluggable HybridCrossland XNew Zafira LifeGrand Sport BadgeSport TourerNew Combo CargoNew Combo LifeMovano VanMovano CombiNew VivaroNew Vivaro CombiQuick LinksAuto QuoteCustom OfferOffice SalesNewsNews Constitution 13628850 Torrejón de Ardoz (Madrid) 916564713 916564814 C / Francisco Gervás, 128108 Alcobendas (Madrid) 910011000 info@turismotor.comSee moreThe images may show optional equipmentOpel de Comunidad de Madrid dealer network Legal conditionsElectric vehiclesThe autonomy and values ​​of electricity consumption mentioned in our publications comply with the WLTP test procedure, based on which new vehicles are approved from September 1, 2018. They may vary depending on the actual conditions of use and different factors such as: speed, comfort on-board thermal, driving style and outside temperature. The charging time depends in particular on the power of the charger on board the vehicle, the charging cable and the type and power of the charging station used. For more information contact us. Hybrid vehicles Fuel consumption, CO2 emissions and range figures mentioned in our publications comply with the WLTP test procedure, on the basis of which new vehicles are homologated as of September 1, 2018. This WLTP procedure replaces to the European Driving Cycle (NEDC), which was the test procedure used previously. Due to the more realistic test conditions, fuel consumption and CO2 emissions measured under the WLTP are, in many cases, higher than the measurements obtained under the NEDC procedure. Fuel consumption, CO2 emissions and range figures may vary depending on the actual conditions of use and different factors such as: the frequency of charging, the driving style, the speed, the specific equipment, the options, the format of the tires, the outside temperature and the thermal comfort on board the vehicle. For more information contact us. Thermal Vehicles The fuel consumption and CO₂ emission values ​​shown in our publications are in accordance with the WLTP test procedure based on which new vehicles are homologated as of September 1, 2018. This WLTP procedure replaces the Cycle of European Driving (NEDC), which was the test procedure used previously. Due to the more realistic test conditions, fuel consumption and CO₂ emissions measured under the WLTP are, in many cases, higher than the measurements obtained under the NEDC procedure. Fuel consumption and CO₂ emissions can vary depending on the actual conditions of use and different factors such as: specific equipment, options and types of tires. For more information contact us. The fuel consumption and CO2 emissions values ​​shown in our publications are determined according to the new WLTP test procedure and the relevant values ​​are translated also translated into NEDC to allow comparison with other vehicles. These values ​​do not take into account in particular the conditions of use and driving, the equipment or the options and may vary depending on the format of the tires. For more information on the official fuel consumption and CO2 emission figures, see the table of emissions and consumption available from us.