About us - Böhm Commercial Vehicle Center / Kirchheim Skip navigation Home Services Sales About us Team Image film Career Contact News State-of-the-art technology and high level of expertise Since August 2013 we have been offering you the latest technology and high level of expertise at our new company location in Marie-Curie-Strasse in Kirchheim / Teck. You can reach us quickly thanks to the convenient proximity to the motorway. Even with a very large vehicle, you can drive off with us without any problems, since the outside area of ​​our new building is generously dimensioned. In our spacious workshop hall, all processes are optimally structured. Our technical equipment is up to date, including the most modern lifting systems. This enables us to work extremely efficiently and on time - to the benefit of our customers. In order to master demanding repairs and repairs to the complete satisfaction of our customers, we have a high level of expertise in addition to the extensive technical equipment. We have been successfully training young people in the commercial vehicle sector for decades. And in order to keep the knowledge of the entire team always up-to-date, we regularly attend training courses. My wife Martina and I, Achim Böhm, manage our company together. If you have any questions about your commercial vehicle, I would be happy to assist you with my broad basic knowledge as a competent contact. I trained as a locksmith at the vehicle manufacturer Kässbohrer, then graduated as an engineer at the Esslingen University of Applied Sciences for mechanical engineering and wrote my diploma thesis with distinction from the crane manufacturer Liebherr. I worked in Bosch Diesel Injection Pump Development for three years before I joined my parents' company in Münsingen in 1995, which I also manage today. In addition, I trained as a welding engineer and MAN expert. Would you like to get to know us and our team? Feel free to give us a call! We look forward to working for you. Best regards, Achim and Martina Böhm Image film Address Kirchheim / Teck Service phone: 07021 / 9225-0 Böhm Nutzfahrzeug Center GmbHMarie-Curie-Straße 3673230 Kirchheim / TeckE-Mail: info@bnc-kirchheim.de Opening hours Monday to Friday: 07:00 a.m. 5:30 p.m. Saturday: 7:30 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. Partner company Münsingen Service phone: 07381/1556 Böhm Nutzfahrzeuge GmbHKegelgraben 1272525 Münsingen Email: info@boehm-nutzfahrzeuge.de Internet: www.boehm-nutzfahrzeuge.de Opening times Monday to Friday: 7:30 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. 1:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m. Saturday: 7:30 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. Skip navigation Contact Sitemap Imprint Privacy Policy