Shock absorber control - Diagnosis and shock absorber package | Point-S × Services (current) Tire Services Braking Shock absorbers Draining Overhaul Exhaust Air conditioning Bioethanol Decalcification Hybrid glazing Concierge Gray card Tire services Connected tires Guarding Tire Guarantee Products (current) Automotive equipment Beautification products Technical oils and liquids Braking Tools New Batteries and start-up Starter cables Batteries Point S Fuses Point S Interior Floor mats Snowman deodorant Parking disc Sun visor First aid kit Outdoor equipment Roof racks Bike carrier Wiper blades Bulbs Bulb sets Wheel trims Trunks roof Ski rack Chains Accessories (lashing straps) Interior Multi-purpose cleaner Plastic wipes Plastic cleaner Multi-purpose microfibers Cleaning kit (interior) Exterior Renovating polish Rim shampoo Rim cleaner Glass cleaner Glass wipes Rim brush Sponge kit Maintenance kit (exterior) Brake cleaner Lubricant cleaner Windscreen defroster Engine oil Washer Coolant Ad Blue Puncture repair Brake pads Brake discs LED lamp magnetized Cross / telescopic key Ad Blue Multi-purpose microfibers Brush Tire rims (current) Summer tires Winter tires 4 Seasons tires Tires SUV range Utility tires Tires accessories and equipment Pneumatic tires SUV Summer tire SUV Winter tires Van summer tires Van 4 Seasons tires Van winter tires Snow chains Textile chains Tire puncture repair S Glass (current) Tips (current) Deals (current) Log in First visit? Create an account Find mycentre POINT S Generic selectors Exact matches only Exact matches only Search in title Search in title Search in content Search in content Search in excerpt Search in posts Search in posts Search in pages Search in pages service service product product Hidden More results ... Shock absorbers Home - Shock absorbers CHECK YOUR SHOCK ABSORBERS AT POINTS FOR SAFE TRAVELComponents of the vehicle suspension, the shock absorbers are responsible for keeping the tires in contact with the ground and absorbing the shocks caused by deformation of the pavement while driving. Therefore, they play an essential role in ensuring the safety and comfort of the driver and passengers. They also play an important role in the handling of the car when cornering, emergency braking, and driving on a wet road. However, like all the elements linked to the ground contact function, the shock absorbers wear out over time. Especially since they can be used up to 5,000 times per kilometer! However, pronounced wear of these elements is likely to cause an extension of the braking distance, poorer handling, and accelerated degradation of the car tires. This is why the shock absorbers must be checked every 20,000 km approximately, and replace them every 70,000 to 100,000 km depending on the model. The springs and suspension kits must be renewed at the same frequency. Shock absorber control: call on Point S specialist technicians The Point S centers are at your disposal to check and / or replace your vehicle's shock absorbers. You can book an appointment online 24 hours a day. During your visit, our technicians will check: The state of wear of the bindings; The state of wear of the tires; The level of corrosion of the mechanical elements; The presence of any leaks. completed, a free quote will be offered if a change is necessary. The replacement will of course comply with the manufacturer's specifications. The shock absorber verification is one of the 25 control points carried out during a revision with the manufacturer's warranty preserved! Appointment Quote request Vehicle Identity My center Change center Search Search Locate me Map view List view See moreObject of the appointmentObject of the request for quotation Tires Shock absorbers Drain Distribution Overhaul Air conditioning Braking Exhaust Other Meeting times Week at LMMJVSMorning Afternoon Automatic registration / / Loading in progress Manual information Brand Model Date of first circulation Number of kilometers (optional) my information Last name First name E-mail Telephone Detailed description of the project By submitting this form, I accept the terms of use .I agree to receive the POINT S Newsletter Yes No A QUESTION? AN ACCURACY? I agree to be contacted: By email By phone Summary of my appointment Summary of my quote request Your mechanic will contact you to specify your appointment My center: Subject: Meeting times: My vehicle: Validate Next Previous THANK YOU FOR YOUR REQUEST! Your appointment request has been taken into account. Your garage owner will contact you quickly to confirm your appointment. Your quote request has been taken into account. Your mechanic will contact you quickly to confirm your request. Back to the site To make things easier we have thought of everything Add your vehicle and find your Point S center in your virtual garage, as well as all our weather advice and our products adapted to the weather Create my personal space Book an appointment online 568 Point S centers in France More than 15 brands and partners Payment in store after delivery InformationWho are we? General conditions of useSite mapContact usUseful linksRecruitmentBecome a Point SPoint S Development memberPress areaProfessional areaNew 2020 campaignFollow us NewsletterGet a sneak preview , news from our network I subscribe Our dedicated spaces I become a member Point S is recruiting Press Area A Vigicorp creation