Manufacturer's revision: manufacturer's warranty preserved | Point-S × Services (current) Tire Services Braking Shock absorbers Draining Overhaul Exhaust Air conditioning Bioethanol Decalcification Hybrid glazing Concierge Gray card Tire services Connected tires Guarding Tire Guarantee Products (current) Automotive equipment Beautification products Technical oils and liquids Braking Tools New Batteries and start-up Starter cables Batteries Point S Fuses Point S Interior Floor mats Snowman deodorant Parking disc Sun visor First aid kit Outdoor equipment Roof racks Bike carrier Wiper blades Bulbs Bulb sets Wheel trims Trunks roof Ski rack Chains Accessories (lashing straps) Interior Multi-purpose cleaner Plastic wipes Plastic cleaner Multi-purpose microfibers Cleaning kit (interior) Exterior Renovating polish Rim shampoo Rim cleaner Glass cleaner Glass wipes Rim brush Sponge kit Maintenance kit (exterior) Brake cleaner Lubricant cleaner Windscreen defroster Engine oil Washer Coolant Ad Blue Puncture repair Brake pads Brake discs LED lamp magnetized Cross / telescopic key Ad Blue Multi-purpose microfibers Brush Tire rims (current) Summer tires Winter tires 4 Seasons tires Tires SUV range Utility tires Tires accessories and equipment Pneumatic tires SUV Summer tire SUV Winter tires Van summer tires Van 4 Seasons tires Van winter tires Snow chains Textile chains Tire puncture repair S Glass (current) Tips (current) Deals (current) Log in First visit? Create an account Find mycentre POINT S Generic selectors Exact matches only Exact matches only Search in title Search in title Search in content Search in content Search in excerpt Search in posts Search in posts Search in pages Search in pages service service product product Hidden More results ... Overhaul Home - Overhaul Entrust your car overhaul to Point S for a complete and 100% reliable check A regular overhaul is necessary to maintain your car in accordance with the manufacturer's recommendations. This essential step ensures your safety and guarantees the proper functioning of the vehicle. The overhaul can identify possible malfunctions or wear points, and reduce the risks associated with an accumulation of problems and all the costs involved. Depending on the vehicle, the overhaul must be carried out every 15,000 to 30,000 km or every year. By respecting the maintenance schedule fixed by the manufacturer, you extend the service life of the car and you increase your chances of passing without technical inspection! WITH POINT S, YOU BENEFIT FROM A QUALITY REVIEW WITH MANUFACTURER GUARANTEE PRESERVED in your Point S center to benefit from the expertise of qualified technicians and to benefit from a complete and tailor-made overhaul. As a specialist in car maintenance and repair, Point S puts its teams at your fully available to advise you on the interventions to be carried out in order to guarantee you the best in terms of safety, performance and driving comfort! Better yet: Point S has a large network of approved "Manufacturer's Revision" auto centers ensuring the maintenance of your warranty in the event of overhaul and having cutting-edge equipment for precise diagnosis and adapted quotes. In Point S, each overhaul gives rise to multiple visual inspection points: tires, suspension and steering elements, brake discs and pads, shock absorbers, hoses, transmission, geometry and bearings. the car (lighting, registration, wiper) An inspection under the vehicle (exhaust, handbrake, leaks) A hood lift to check the leveling of various liquids (battery, cooling, windshield washer, power steering The engine can also be drained, filters and spark plugs replaced, electronic diagnostics. Appointment Quote request Vehicle Identity My center Change center Search Search Locate me Map view List view See moreObject of the appointmentObject of the request for quotation Tires Shock absorbers Drain Distribution Overhaul Air conditioning Braking Exhaust Other Meeting times Week at LMMJVSMorning Afternoon Automatic registration / / Loading in progress Manual information Brand Model Date of first circulation Number of kilometers (optional) my information Last name First name E-mail Telephone Detailed description of the project By submitting this form, I accept the terms of use .I agree to receive the POINT S Newsletter Yes No A QUESTION? AN ACCURACY? I agree to be contacted: By email By phone Summary of my appointment Summary of my quote request Your mechanic will contact you to specify your appointment My center: Subject: Meeting times: My vehicle: Validate Next Previous THANK YOU FOR YOUR REQUEST! Your appointment request has been taken into account. Your garage owner will contact you quickly to confirm your appointment. Your quote request has been taken into account. Your mechanic will contact you quickly to confirm your request. Back to the site To make things easier we have thought of everything Add your vehicle and find your Point S center in your virtual garage, as well as all our weather advice and our products adapted to the weather Create my personal space Book an appointment online 568 Point S centers in France More than 15 brands and partners Payment in store after delivery InformationWho are we? General conditions of useSite mapContact usUseful linksRecruitmentBecome a Point SPoint S Development memberPress areaProfessional areaNew 2020 campaignFollow us NewsletterGet a sneak preview , news from our network I subscribe Our dedicated spaces I become a member Point S is recruiting Press Area A Vigicorp creation