Data protection declaration> Car Service Küppers - your qualified Bosch service provider for engines and vehicles Tel .: +49 (0) 24 62 - 14 04 Mon.-Fri. 7:30 a.m. - 12:15 p.m. / 1:00 p.m. - 5:30 p.m. Toggle navigation CompanyHistoryKüppers on TourServiceBosch ServiceClassic ServiceSpare parts storeGas carburetor overhaulD-, K- & KE-JetronicStarter / AlternatorsMechanical petrol pumpsIgnition distributorsTrainingShopContact Data protection declaration Name and contact of the person responsible according to Article 4 (7) GDPR Company: Car Service Robert-Boschppers. 2-4, 52441 Linnich Phone: +49 (0) 24 62 - 14 04 Fax: +49 (0) 24 62 - 53 42 Email: classic (at) carservice-kueppers.de Security and protection of your personal data We consider it ours The primary task is to maintain the confidentiality of the personal data you provide and to protect it from unauthorized access. That is why we apply extreme care and the latest security standards to ensure maximum protection of your personal data. As a private company, we are subject to the provisions of the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the regulations of the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG). We have taken technical and organizational measures to ensure that data protection regulations are observed by both us and our external service providers. DefinitionsThe legislator requires that personal data be processed in a lawful manner, in good faith and in a manner that is comprehensible to the data subject ("legality, good faith processing, transparency"). To ensure this, we inform you about the individual legal definitions that are also used in this data protection declaration: Personal data "Personal data" are all information that relate to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter "data subject") ; An identifiable person is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by assigning an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or one or more special characteristics, the expression of the physical , physiological, genetic, psychological, economic, cultural or social identity of this natural person.Processing "processing" is any process, with or without the help of automated processes, performed or any such series of processes in connection with personal data such as collection, recording, the organization, arrangement, storage, adaptation or modification, reading, querying, use, disclosure by transmission, distribution or any other form of provision, comparison or linking, restriction, deletion or destruction Limitation of processing "Restriction of processing" is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of restricting their future processing. Profiling "Profiling" is any type of automated processing of personal data, which consists in the fact that this personal data is used to address certain personal aspects refer to a natural person, to evaluate, in particular to analyze or predict aspects relating to work performance, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or change of location of this natural person. Pseudonymization "Pseudonymization" is the processing of personal data in such a way that the personal data can no longer be assigned to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that this additional information is kept separately and technical and are subject to organizational measures that ensure that the personal data cannot be assigned to an identified or identifiable natural person. The file system "file system" is any structured collection of personal data that is accessible according to certain criteria, regardless of whether this collection is central, decentralized or is organized according to functional or geographical aspects. The responsible person is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body that alone or together with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data; if the purposes and means of this processing are specified by Union law or the law of the Member States, the person responsible or the specific criteria for his naming can be provided according to Union law or the law of the Member States. Processor "Processor" is a natural or legal person, authority , Institution or other body that processes personal data on behalf of the person responsible. Recipient "recipient" is a natural or legal person, authority, institution or other body to which personal data is disclosed, regardless of whether it is a third party acts or not. However, authorities that may receive personal data as part of a specific investigation mandate under Union law or the law of the Member States are not considered recipients; The processing of this data by the named authorities is carried out in accordance with the applicable data protection regulations in accordance with the purposes of the processing. Third "third party" is a natural or legal person, authority, institution or other body, apart from the data subject, the controller, the processor and the persons who are authorized under the direct responsibility of the person responsible or the processor to process the personal data. Consent "consent" of the data subject is voluntary for the specific case, in an informed manner and unequivocally expressed declaration of will in the form of a declaration or any other unequivocal affirmative action by which the data subject indicates that they consent to the processing of their personal data. Lawfulness of processing The processing of personal data is only lawful if there is a legal basis for the processing. The legal basis for processing can be in accordance with Article 6 (1) lit. a - f GDPR in particular: the data subject has given their consent to the processing of their personal data for one or more specific purposes; the processing is for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures required, which is done at the request of the data subject; the processing is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation to which the controller is subject; the processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person; the processing is for the perception a task that is in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority that has been delegated to the person responsible; the processing is necessary to safeguard the legitimate interests of the person responsible or a third party, unless Inter food or the fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject that require the protection of personal data, especially if the data subject is a child. Information about the collection of personal data (1) In the following we inform about the collection of personal data when using our website. Personal data are e.g. B. Name, address, email addresses, user behavior. (2) If you contact us by email, the data you provide (your email address, possibly your name and telephone number) will be saved by us. to answer your questions. We delete the data arising in this context after the storage is no longer required, or the processing is restricted if there are statutory retention requirements. Collection of personal data when visiting our website If you only use the website for information purposes, i.e. if you do not register or otherwise provide us with information, we will only collect the personal data that your browser transmits to our server. If you would like to view our website, we collect the following data, which is technically necessary for us to display our website to you and to ensure stability and security (legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 Clause 1 GDPR): IP address Date and time of the request Time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) Content of the request (specific page) Access status / HTTP status code Each data volume transferred Website from which the request comes Browser operating system and its interface Language and version of the browser software. SSL encryption To protect the security of your data during transmission, we use the current state of the art encryption methods (e.g. SSL) via https. Use of cookies (1) In addition to the aforementioned data, cookies are stored on your computer when you use our website. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your hard drive and assigned to the browser you are using, and through which certain information flows to the location that sets the cookie. Cookies cannot run programs or transmit viruses to your computer. They serve to make the Internet offer more user-friendly and effective overall. (2) This website uses the following types of cookies, the scope and functionality of which are explained below: Transient cookies (see a.) Persistent cookies (see b.). Transient cookies are automatically deleted when you close the browser. These include session cookies in particular. These store a so-called session ID, with which various requests from your browser can be assigned to the joint session. This enables your computer to be recognized when you return to our website. The session cookies are deleted when you log out or close the browser. Persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may differ depending on the cookie. You can delete the cookies in the security settings of your browser at any time. You can configure your browser settings according to your wishes and e.g. B. refuse to accept third-party cookies or all cookies. So-called. "Third party cookies" are cookies that have been set by a third party, and consequently not by the actual website on which you are currently located. We would like to point out that by deactivating cookies you may not be able to use all functions of this website. Further functions and offers of our website (1) In addition to the purely informational use of our website, we offer various services that you can use if you are interested. To do this, you generally have to provide further personal data that we use to provide the respective service and for which the aforementioned principles of data processing apply. (2) In some cases, we use external service providers to process your data. These have been carefully selected and commissioned by us, are bound by our instructions and are regularly checked. (3) If our service providers or partners are based in a country outside the European Economic Area (EEA), we will inform you about the consequences of this in the description of the offer. Our offer is basically aimed at adults. Persons under the age of 18 should not transmit personal data to us without the consent of their parents or legal guardians. Rights of the data subject (1) Withdrawal of consent If the processing of personal data is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent does not affect the legality of the processing carried out based on your consent until you withdraw your consent.You can contact us at any time to exercise your right of withdrawal. (2) Right to confirmation You have the right to receive confirmation from the controller to request whether we process personal data concerning you. You can request confirmation at any time using the above contact details. (3) Right to information If personal data is processed, you can request information about this personal data and the following information at any time: the processing purposes; the categories of personal data that are processed; the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organizations; if possible, the planned duration for which the personal data will be stored or, if this is not possible , the criteria for determining this duration; the existence of a right to correction or deletion of your personal data or restriction of processing by the controller or a right to object to this processing; existence right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority; if the personal data is not collected from the data subject, all available information about the origin of the data; the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, in accordance with Article 22 paragraphs 1 and 4 GDPR and - at least in these cases - meaningful information about the logic involved as well as the scope and intended effects of such processing for the data subject.If personal data is transmitted to a third country or to an international organization, you have the right to obtain the appropriate guarantees in accordance with Article 46 GDPR to be informed with the transmission. We provide a copy of the personal data that are the subject of the processing. For all other copies that you request from us, we can charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs. If you submit the application electronically, the information must be made available in a common electronic format, unless stated otherwise. The right to receive a copy in accordance with paragraph 3 must not affect the rights and freedoms of others. (4) Right to rectification You have the right to request that we immediately correct any incorrect personal data concerning you. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, you have the right to request the completion of incomplete personal data - also by means of a supplementary declaration. (5) Right to deletion ("Right to be forgotten") You have the right to request the person responsible that your personal data will be deleted immediately, and we are obliged to delete personal data immediately if one of the following reasons applies: The personal data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed The data subject withdraws their consent on which the processing was based in accordance with Article 6 (1) (a) or Article 9 (2) (a) GDPR and there is no other legal basis for the processing. The data subject objects in accordance with Article 21 (1) GDPR objection to processing a and e s there are no overriding legitimate reasons for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing in accordance with Article 21 (2) GDPR. The personal data has been processed unlawfully. The deletion of the personal data is to fulfill a legal obligation under Union law or required by the law of the Member States to which the controller is subject. The personal data were collected in relation to information society services offered in accordance with Article 8 (1) GDPR. If the controller has made the personal data public and is obliged to delete them in accordance with paragraph 1, so he takes appropriate measures, including technical ones, taking into account the available technology and the implementation costs, to inform those responsible for data processing who process the personal data that a data subject n has requested the deletion of all links to this personal data or copies or replications of this personal data. The right to erasure ("right to be forgotten") does not exist insofar as processing is necessary: ​​to exercise the right to freedom of expression and Information; to fulfill a legal obligation that requires processing in accordance with the law of the Union or the Member States to which the controller is subject, or to perform a task that is in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller ; for reasons of public interest in the area of ​​public health in accordance with Article 9 paragraph 2 letters h and i and Article 9 paragraph 3 GDPR; for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes in accordance with Article 89 paragraph 1 GDPR, if so the Right referred to in paragraph 1 is likely to make the achievement of the objectives of this processing impossible or seriously impaired, or to assert, exercise or defend legal claims. (6) Right to restriction of processing You have the right to restrict us from processing your personal data request if one of the following conditions is met: the accuracy of the personal data is disputed by the data subject, for a period that enables the controller to check the accuracy of the personal data, the processing is unlawful and the data subject refuses to delete the personal data and instead requests the restriction of the use of the personal data; the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of processing, but the data subject uses them to assert them ng or defense of legal claims, or the data subject has objected to the processing pursuant to Article 21 (1) GDPR, as long as it is not certain whether the legitimate reasons of the controller outweigh those of the data subject. Has processing been restricted in accordance with the above conditions , so this personal data - apart from its storage - only with the consent of the data subject or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the Union or a Member State In order to assert the right to restriction of processing, the person concerned can contact us at any time using the contact details given above. (7) Right to data portability You have the right that affects you receive the personal data that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and you have the right to transmit this data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to whom the personal data was provided, provided that: the processing is based on consent in accordance with Article 6 paragraph 1 letter a or Article 9 paragraph 2 letter a or on a contract in accordance with Article 6 paragraph 1 letter b GDPR and the processing is carried out using automated procedures. When exercising the right to data portability under paragraph 1 You have the right to have the personal data transferred directly from one responsible person to another, as far as this is technically feasible. The exercise of the right to data portability does not affect the right to erasure ("right to be forgotten"). This right does not apply to processing that is necessary for the performance of a task that is in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority, (8) Right to object You have the right to object at any time, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to the processing of personal data relating to you that is based on Article 6 (1) (e) or (f) GDPR to insert; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. The person responsible no longer processes the personal data unless he can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that outweigh the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims If data is processed in order to operate direct mail, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling insofar as it is connected to such direct advertising. If you object to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data will no longer be processed for these purposes.In connection with the use of information society services, regardless of Directive 2002/58 / EC, you can exercise your right to object by means of automated procedures, in which technical You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data relating to you, for scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes in accordance with Article 89 (1), for reasons arising from your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary to fulfill a task in the public interest.You can exercise the right to object at any time by contacting the person responsible. (9) Automated decisions in individual cases including profiles You have the right not to be subjected to a decision based solely on automated processing - including profiling - which has legal effect on you or similarly significantly affects you. This does not apply if the decision: is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between the data subject and the controller, is permissible on the basis of Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and this legislation takes appropriate measures to safeguard the data subject Contained rights and freedoms as well as the legitimate interests of the data subject or with the express consent of the data subject.The controller takes appropriate measures to protect the rights and freedoms and the legitimate interests of the data subject, including at least the right to obtain the intervention of a person on the part of the person responsible, to state their own position and to contest the decision. The data subject can exercise this right at any time by contacting the person responsible. (10) Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisor You also have the right, without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement, if the data subject believes that the processing of them (11) Right to an effective judicial remedy You have the right to an effective judicial remedy, regardless of an available administrative or extrajudicial remedy, including the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in accordance with Article 77 GDPR, if it considers that that their rights under this Regulation have been violated as a result of processing their personal data that is not in accordance with this Regulation. Integration of Google Maps (1) We use the offer of Google Maps on this website. This enables us to show you interactive maps directly on the website and enables you to conveniently use the map function. (2) When you visit the website, Google receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. In addition, the data mentioned under § 3 of this declaration will be transmitted. This takes place regardless of whether Google provides a user account that you are logged in to or whether there is no user account. If you are logged in to Google, your data will be assigned directly to your account. If you do not want your profile to be assigned to Google, you must log out before activating the button. Google stores your data as usage profiles and uses them for the purposes of advertising, market research and / or the needs-based design of its website. Such an evaluation is carried out in particular (even for users who are not logged in) to provide needs-based advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles, but you must contact Google to exercise them. (3) Further information on the purpose and scope of data collection and processing by the plug-in provider can be found in the provider's data protection declaration . There you will also find further information about your rights and setting options to protect your privacy: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal data in the USA and has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. We reserve the right to adapt this data protection declaration so that it always corresponds to the current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the data protection declaration, e.g. when introducing new services. The new data protection declaration then applies to your next visit. CompanyHistoryKüppers on TourShopContactImprintPrivacy Policy ServiceBosch ServiceClassic ServiceSpare parts storeGas carburetor overhaulD-, K- & KE-JetronicStarter / AlternatorsMechanical petrol pumpsFuel distributor Car Service KüppersRobert-Bosch-Str. 2-4D 52441 Linnich Tel .: +49 (0) 24 62 - 14 04 Fax: +49 (0) 24 62 - 53 42