Data protection - NC Auto-Service GmbH HomeServicesInspection & serviceWorkshopMain investigation (HU) Climate serviceAccident repairContactCompany Data protection declaration 1. Data protection overview The aim of the data protection declaration is to inform users about the type, scope and purpose of the collection and use of personal data on this website. Personal data is data that can be used to identify you personally. The following information gives you a simple overview of what happens to your personal data when you visit our website. Overview: Data collection on our website Who is responsible for data collection on this website? The website operator does the data processing. You can find the contact details in the imprint. How is data collected? On the one hand, your data can be collected through your active communication. For example, this is data that you enter on a form. On the other hand, data is automatically collected by our IT systems when using our website. This is primarily technical data (e.g. time of page visit, browser, length of stay). When you visit our website, this data is collected automatically. Why do we collect your data? Our goal is the smooth use of our website. For this we use your data on the one hand and on the other hand we analyze your user behavior in order to improve our website for you. What rights do you have with regard to your data? At any time you have the right to receive free information about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data. In addition, you can assert a right to correction, deletion of this data or blocking at any time. If you have any questions about data protection, please contact the contact listed at our imprint. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. 2. Mandatory information and general information Data protection We as the operator of the website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as strictly confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and our data protection declaration. Various personal data are collected when you use this website. Personal data is data that can be used to identify you as a person, i.e. that can be used to identify you. This data protection declaration shows which data we collect, what we use it for and justify the purpose. Another note: A data transmission on the Internet can have security gaps, for example in the case of correspondence via email. It is not realistic to completely protect data from third-party access. Responsible body for data processing Responsible body for data processing on this website is: Nicola CiuffredaEbersberger Str. 4685570 Markt Schwaben Tel: 08121 619090Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. To display JavaScript must be turned on! The responsible body is the person who makes decisions alone or is involved in processing personal data. Encrypted transmission Our website uses SSL or TLS encryption to protect the transmission of confidential content. This means that the data is transmitted from us to us in encrypted form so that third parties cannot read it. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that "https: //" instead of "http: //" appears in the address line of your browser. What are cookies? Cookies are text files that are automatically saved on your computer (in the browser) and contain information to recognize them when you visit the website again. A distinction can be made between "session cookies" and "tracking cookies". "Session cookies" are active for the duration of a website visit and are then deleted again. "Tracking cookies" remain for a longer period and can be used There is also the option to prevent cookies from being saved. You can find the corresponding option in your browser settings. For technical reasons, functions of the website can be restricted by deactivating cookies In the event of a data protection law violation, the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority commissioned including their contact details. Link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html Revoking your consent to data processing For many data processing processes, your express consent is required. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please send us an informal message by email. The legality of the data processing carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. Information, blocking, deletion Legal provisions give you the right to obtain information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of the data processing at any time free of charge. Furthermore, you have the right to correct, delete or block this data. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us at the address given in the imprint. 3. Data collection on our website log files The website operator or the provider automatically collects and stores data about access to the offer in server log files. These server log files save the IP address, accessed web resources, time stamp, amount of data, browser type with version, operating system, URL of the previously visited page and provider and host name of the accessing computer in the form of a log. This data is not merged with other data sources. The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. It allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures. There is also a legitimate interest of the website operator to offer a secure and functional website. The evaluation of the log files e.g. B. in the suspicion of an attack serves these purposes. Joomla Cookies The website uses the Content Management System (CMS) Joomla. Joomla uses "session cookies" to improve the use of the website. For example, the "session cookies" login process uses the identity of the user to be ensured. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the smooth use of Joomla and its security functions. Therefore, the "session cookies" are based on Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR saved. Contact form You can use the contact form if you are at least 16 years old. We offer a contact form for contacting us and for questions and inquiries about our offer. The data you enter there will be stored by us for the purpose of processing your request and for follow-up questions. We will not pass on this data without your consent. Data that you have entered in the contact form is only based on your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR). You can withdraw your consent at any time. In this case, send us an informal message by email. The legality of the data processing operations carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. The data entered in the contact form will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose required for data storage no longer applies (e.g. final completion of your request). Mandatory legal provisions - such as B. Retention periods - remain unaffected. Opening times: Mon-Thu: 7:30 am - 5:30 pm Fri: 7:30 am - 4:00 pm Contact: This email address is being protected from spambots. JavaScript must be activated in order to display! Contact formTel .: 08121 619090Fax .: 08121 619091 Or simply visit us: Ebersberger Straße 4685570 Markt Schwaben You will find us directly next to the ESSO petrol station