»Book time at your nearest workshop | Tire Partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires at rims Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Dubbel tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About Tire partners About the site Press and media Contact us your nearest workshop It is easy to get in touch with our workshops. First choose what you need help with and then click on Find workshop and they are ready to help you. Step 1 Choose service Step 2 Find a workshop near you Find a workshop Go to the workshop page Change workshop Step 3 Enter your registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Specified tire dimensions: Change tire size for your vehicle If you know the dimensions of your tires, you can enter them here. Width 135 145 155 165 175 185 195 205 215 225 235 245 255 265 275 285 295 305 315 325 335 345 355 Height 25 30 35 40 45 50 55 60 65 70 75 80 82 85 Inch 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 Ready Change rain no. Change tire size Continue Fill in all fields Your car: Selected service: Selected product: Selected workshop: Click here to change your choices SUV that can fit your vehicle with regnr Tire partners and our workshops offer a great deal wide range of tires and rims. Below is only a small selection that suits yours. Nokian Hakka Blue 2 Continental SportContact 6 Goodyear EfficientGrip Performance You do not select tires at this stage, but the workshop will contact you with suggestions on both price and product! SUV that can fit your vehicle with regnr Tires partner and our workshops offer a very wide range of tires and rims. Below is only a small selection that suits yours. ContiVikingContact 7 Nokian Hakkapeliitta R2 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta 9 SUV You do not select tires at this stage, but the workshop will contact you with suggestions on both price and product! SUV that can fit your vehicle with regnr Tires partner and our workshops offer a very wide range of tires and rims. Below is only a small selection that suits yours. AEZ Straight Shine ENZO G Graphite ENZO G Silver You do not select tires at this stage, but the workshop will contact you with suggestions on both price and product! Test winners that can fit your vehicle with regnr Tires partner and our workshops offer a very wide range of tires and rims. Below is only a small selection that suits yours. ContiVikingContact 7 Nokian Hakkapeliitta R2 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta 9 SUV You do not select tires at this stage, but the workshop will contact you with suggestions on both price and product! Dubbed tires that can fit your vehicle with rain Nozzle partners and our workshops offer a very wide range of tires and rims. Below is only a small selection that suits yours. Nokian Hakkapeliitta 9 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta 8 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta 8 You do not select tires at this stage, but the workshop will contact you with suggestions on both price and product! Friction tires that can fit your vehicle with regnr Tire partners and our workshops offer a very wide range of tires and rims. Below is only a small selection that suits yours. ContiVikingContact 7 Nokian Hakkapeliitta R2 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta R3 SUV You do not select tires at this stage, but the workshop will contact you with suggestions on both price and product! Summer tires that can fit your vehicle with rain No tire partners and our workshops offer a very wide range of tires and rims. Below is only a small selection that suits yours. Michelin Pilot Sport 4 Goodyear EfficientGrip Performance 2 Goodyear Eagle F1 Assymetric 5 You do not select tires at this stage, but the workshop will contact you with suggestions on both price and product! Winter tires that can fit your vehicle with regnr Tires partner and our workshops offer a very wide range of tires and rims. Below is only a small selection that suits yours. ContiVikingContact 7 Nokian Hakkapeliitta R2 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta 9 SUV You do not select tires at this stage, but the workshop will contact you with suggestions on both price and product! Wheels that can fit your vehicle with regnr Tire partners and our workshops offer a very wide range of tires and rims. Below is only a small selection that suits yours. AEZ Straight Shine ENZO G Graphite ENZO G Silver You do not choose tires at this stage, but the workshop will contact you with suggestions on both price and product! Reservation request for your vehicle with registration number. Your registration number is:. Request a quote and the workshop will usually return to you within 24 hours. NOTE! Fields marked with * are mandatory. We cannot guarantee that the workshop can receive you for the desired time. To increase your chances of getting a time that suits you, you can suggest additional times under the optional message field. Do you feel unsure about something and want to get in touch with someone in the workshop? Call: Name E-mail Invalid E-mail Phone number Invalid telephone number Requested date Required time Optional message Tire partner handles your personal information as specified in our Information on personal data Submit request Fill in all required fields An error occurred while trying to send your inquiry. Please try again or contact the workshop directly. Your car: Selected service: Selected product: Selected workshop: Click here to change your selections SUV that can fit your vehicle with regnr Tire partner and our workshops offer a very wide range of tires and rims. Below is only a small selection that suits yours. Nokian Hakka Blue 2 Continental SportContact 6 Goodyear EfficientGrip Performance You do not select tires at this stage, but the workshop will contact you with suggestions on both price and product! SUV that can fit your vehicle with regnr Tires partner and our workshops offer a very wide range of tires and rims. Below is only a small selection that suits yours. ContiVikingContact 7 Nokian Hakkapeliitta R2 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta 9 SUV You do not select tires at this stage, but the workshop will contact you with suggestions on both price and product! SUV that can fit your vehicle with regnr Tires partner and our workshops offer a very wide range of tires and rims. Below is only a small selection that suits yours. AEZ Straight Shine ENZO G Graphite ENZO G Silver You do not choose tires at this stage, but the workshop will contact you with suggestions on both price and product! Test winners that can fit your vehicle with regnr Tires partner and our workshops offer a very wide range of tires and rims. Below is only a small selection that suits yours. ContiVikingContact 7 Nokian Hakkapeliitta R2 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta 9 SUV You do not select tires at this stage, but the workshop will contact you with suggestions on both price and product! Dubbed tires that can fit your vehicle with rain Nozzle partners and our workshops offer a very wide range of tires and rims. Below is only a small selection that suits yours. Nokian Hakkapeliitta 9 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta 8 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta 8 You do not select tires at this stage, but the workshop will contact you with suggestions on both price and product! Friction tires that can fit your vehicle with regnr Tires partner and our workshops offer a very wide range of tires and rims. Below is only a small selection that suits yours. ContiVikingContact 7 Nokian Hakkapeliitta R2 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta R3 SUV You do not select tires at this stage, but the workshop will contact you with suggestions on both price and product! Summer tires that can fit your vehicle with rain No tire partners and our workshops offer a very wide range of tires and rims. Below is only a small selection that suits yours. Michelin Pilot Sport 4 Goodyear EfficientGrip Performance 2 Goodyear Eagle F1 Assymetric 5 You do not select tires at this stage, but the workshop will contact you with suggestions on both price and product! Winter tires that can fit your vehicle with rain No tire partners and our workshops offer a very wide range of tires and rims. Below is only a small selection that suits yours. ContiVikingContact 7 Nokian Hakkapeliitta R2 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta 9 SUV You do not select tires at this stage, but the workshop will contact you with suggestions on both price and product! Wheels that can fit your vehicle with regnr Tire partners and our workshops offer a very wide range of tires and rims. Below is only a small selection that suits yours. AEZ Straight Shine ENZO G Graphite ENZO G Silver You do not select tires at this stage, but the workshop will contact you with suggestions on both price and product! Reserve a tire change time for your vehicle with registration number. Your registration number is:. Click on the button below to get to the booking. Do you feel unsure about something and want to get in touch with someone in the workshop? Call: Go to time reservation We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn