»Tire change - Tire change | Tire change at Tire partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Change summer tires Summer tires Wheels Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires Business solution Vacancies Tire partners IP Tire partners - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & pricing Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About Tire partners D Contact partners to change tires? Tire partners have tires from the leading manufacturers in the market. As a free retailer, we have a wide range where we attach importance to quality, safety, convenience and good value for money. Whether you are looking for new winter tires or summer tires for smaller or larger vehicles, we have the right option for you. When you come to us to change tires we always do an analysis of your tire profile and make sure to help you in the best way with your choice of tire. Since we are an independent tire chain, no manufacturer controls our tire recommendation. This ensures for you as a customer that you are guaranteed to get what is best for you, your vehicle and your driving. Tires and rims are our passion and this has led to us being one of the Nordic region's largest players in the industry today. Tire partner - your obvious choice when changing tires! You will find only a selection of our best sellers on this page Some of our tires for the summer season Goodyear Eagle F1 Assymetric 5 Goodyear EfficientGrip Performance 2 Michelin Pilot Sport 4 Continental SportContact 6 Goodyear EfficientGrip Performance Nokian Hakka Blue 2 Nokian Hakka Green 2 Vredestein Ultrac Satin Yokohama AE50 Popular rims Want to see how your car looks with new rims? We have a collaboration with OCL Brorssons, Special Wheels and Rautamo Wheel Fashion. AEZ Straight Shine Brock B36 Crystal Silver CSP 13 CSP 14 CSP 15 ENZO G Graphite ENZO G Silver Etabeta Eros Bright Silver Rial Catania Sterling Silver Winter tires we recommend ContiVikingContact 7 Nokian Hakkapeliitta 8 Nokian Hakkapeliitta R3 Nokian Hakkapeliitta R3 SUV Nokian HV SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta R2 SUV Continental VikingContact 6 Continental IceContact 2 Some of our suppliers Booking & quotation See all services Change workshop Choose a workshop Find a workshop We could not retrieve your position. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue to booking Tips & advice Extended tire period Checking the tire pressure is more important than you think! Swap in time! It's legal, but not smart! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn