Summer tires with rims - Buy new complete wheels | Tire Partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires at rims Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Dubbel tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About tire partners About us Contact us Media new rims! Wheels have the property of being able to control and influence the entire look of your car! The rims are the detail of the car that is both easy to replace, and also easy to adapt to what you think is the best looking. Instead of replacing your car - supplement your summer tires with rims in a different style! Today, there are a plethora of different rims to choose from in varying materials, varnishes, colors, shapes and features. Summer tires with rims - a safe spring sign When spring decides to make its assumption, it's not only time for summer tires to get out and roll again, it can also be a good idea to replace your rims! Maybe you choose complete summer wheels with light alloy wheels in a light chromed shade, and change to a more classic rim during the winter season? Summer tires on aluminum wheels - what suits my car? When buying new rims, there is a lot to match - of course, the dimensions of the rims diameter, but also the width, the number of attachment points, the depth of fit and the bolt circle. Many are currently sucked on aluminum alloy wheels, and we at Däckpartner have a large selection of these rims in varying colors and designs. Come to us at Däckpartner - we always find a solution! Some of our tires for the summer season Michelin Pilot Sport 4 Goodyear EfficientGrip Performance 2 Goodyear Eagle F1 Assymetric 5 Nokian Hakka Blue 2 Continental SportContact 6 Goodyear EfficientGrip Performance Vredestein Ultrac Satin Nokian Hakka Green 2 Yokohama BluEarth AE50 Booking & Price inquiry Find all services Find workshop We could not retrieve your location. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue to booking Tips & advice Extended tire period Checking the tire pressure is more important than you think! Swap in time! It's legal, but not smart! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn