Tire partner chooses Black Friday - Tire partner Important information about Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Business solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Change summer tires Summer tires on wheels Rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Tires for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires Stockholmsgruppen Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Find tires Contact us Environment Company solution Vacancies Tire partners IP Tire partners - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Double tires Frik tire tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tires Tire sales Tire service Tires hotel Wheels settings About tire Press Contact companies us Tire partner chooses Black Friday Mynewsdesk November 26, 2019 On the tire workshop chain Tire partner chooses Black Friday as the company sees a risk that over time it can create a buying behavior negatively affecting road safety. Instead, Tires partner does something completely different by paying attention to the organization's important work. Black Week and Black Friday, when many are in search of good deals, are seen as the starting point for the Christmas trade. The Black Friday trend has also become popular in the tire industry, where increased activity to offer winter tires at discounted prices has increased in recent years. In the tire workshop chain Däckpartner, on the other hand, they opt out of participating in the trend as the company sees a risk that over time it can create a buying behavior that is negative for road safety. Instead of sales, Däckpartner does something completely different by paying attention to the organization's important work. Ever since Black Friday gained its foothold in Sweden in 2013, the phenomenon has grown in strength, and today also includes Black Weekend, Black Week and Black Weeks. The fact that companies offer sharply discounted prices can at first glance be seen as positive for all consumers, but in the tire industry, an annual sale at this time can create a behavior that will be negative for road safety. Tire Partner, one of Sweden's largest tire workshop chains, has therefore chosen not to sell their tires during Black Week and Black Friday. - Of course, it could have been beneficial and easy for us to pick up on the Black Friday trend that more and more colleagues in the tire industry are doing, but after seeing signs that this can in the long run create a dangerous buying behavior, we made a decision in 2018 to not having Black Friday offers, says Däckpartner's marketing manager Jon Persson. Tire partners have in recent years seen that many car owners wait too long to buy or change to winter tires, ever closer to December 1 when the winter tire types enter. Black Week and Black Friday occur at the end of November each year, a period in which there are also many winter road teams in large parts of the country. Driving with worn tires or summer tires on surfaces such as ice and snow can have serious consequences. - Safety and security are important issues for us at Tire Partners and it was natural to make the decision because we see what the consequences it can have. Not many people buy a new TV a few weeks before Black Friday without waiting. We do not want to be part of creating a similar behavior when it comes to winter tires that are so associated with human safety. Instead of filling their social channels with promotions and raffle prizes, Däckpartner 2018 chose to pay attention to the children's rights organization Bris, Children's Rights in Society, and their work to help children who are feeling poorly and poorly. - We donated a crown to Bris for each equal or split. which we got on our Facebook post about Bris and invited people to donate for themselves. When we then summed up had collected over SEK 10,000 for Bris important work. A grant that also supports their opportunities to be available to children and young people during Christmas. This year we are doing a similar activation in favor of Bris with the goal of hitting last year's figures, explains Jon Persson. - Every krona collected makes a difference for Bris and we are very happy that Däckpartner has chosen to support us. Their support contributes to our opportunities to remain open in the support business and to develop our work for vulnerable children, says Magnus Jägerskog, general secretary Bris. About Bris: Children's Rights In Society (Bris) is a party-political and religiously independent non-profit organization that aims to specifically help vulnerable children and young people and establish opportunities for children and young people to engage in dialogue with adults. The UN Convention on the Rights of the Child provides the basis for Bris work. Bris's operations are funded through gifts, membership fees and corporate sponsorship. About Black Friday: The day Black Friday took shape in the United States as the Christmas shopping start, which begins the day after Thanksgiving on the fourth Thursday in November. The day has been the beginning of the country's Christmas trade since 1952, but the term "Black Friday" came into being in the early 2000s. The black aims at sales figures going from red to black, ie from debt to profit. Some claim that the name originated from Philadelphia where it emerged to explain the huge traffic chaos created after Thanksgiving. Black Friday got its breakthrough in Sweden in 2013. Share this post Tweet Related news News March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus The health of our customers and employees is important to us. At a time when we all need to take our responsibility, we have taken measures to… Read more Mynewsdesk October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill-health Mental ill-health among young people is widespread and many people do not want to talk to. Therefore, Däckpartner wants to early support and encourage parents to spend more time with their children and at the same time inform about road safety for the future road users. This is done through a new children's book series created in favor of Bris. The revenue from the books goes in full to Bris important work. Read more Mynewsdesk October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners Däckpartner, one of Sweden's leading players in the tire industry, continues to grow with new workshops. In the last six months alone, the independent chain has been given the addition of 5 new workshops, which means that Däckpartner is now represented in as many as 150 locations around the country. Read more We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn