»Deck Hotel | Safe tire storage at Tire partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Change summer tires Summer tires wheels Wheels Winter tires Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Tires for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires Environment Business solution Vacancy Services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Double tires Friction tires We tire on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About Press Checking in on your tires at a tire hotel Difficult to deal with tire replacement, maintenance and storage of your tires? Skip the hassle of spaces that aren't enough - check your tires at one of our tire hotels! At our tire hotels, we can guarantee the best possible tire storage at a good price - including care, washing and maintenance of your tires. Not only do we replace your tires at a glance - we also help you store them properly and in safe conditions. Tire hotel for safe storage Problems with heavy lifting and storage space? Or do you simply not have time to change tires? When you check in your - summer - as well as winter tires - at one of our tire hotels, we both change the tires for you, wash, care for and store them so that they are in top condition for the next season! This is included in our tire storage: Cleaning both tires and rims before we place them in our hotel Checking tires and rims Correct climate-adapted tire hotel with correct storage conditions Regular tire inspection during storage Checking the design depth for the new season We also see make sure your tires are properly balanced Find your nearest tire hotel Treat your tires properly and smoothly - so you can put your space and energy into something else! Use the box below to find a workshop where you can check in your tires. Booking & price request See all services Change workshop Choose a workshop Find a workshop We could not retrieve your location. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Proceed to booking Other services: 24 hour service Tire sales We have a large selection of tire types and dimensions from most well-known brands and in most price ranges. Buy tires & tires Tire service We have a large selection of tire types and dimensions from most well-known brands and in most price ranges. Change tires We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn