New tires & rims | Tire Partner® - 150 tire workshops in Sweden Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Change summer tires Summer tires on wheels Rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Tires for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires Stockholmsgruppen Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Find tires Contact us Environment Company solution Vacancies Tire partners IP Tire partners - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Double tires Frictionsd tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replacing summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tires Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheels settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer us Summer times .. Need help with new tires, rims or changing to summer wheels? Around Sweden, at hundreds of tire workshops, we are ready to help you. Booking & price request See all services Change workshop Choose a workshop Find a workshop We could not retrieve your location. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue booking New wheels or tires for summer? Visit our workshops to see our full range or order directly in our webshop, where you can test rims and tires directly on your car from Nokian, Vredestein and OCL Brorssons. To the webshop Share your purchase with us! We offer low-cost options - you choose what suits you best. Read more We take you all the way home For us, it's not just about tires. Around Sweden, at hundreds of tire workshops, we work every day to ensure that no one gets hurt. Important information about the Corona virus March 20, 2020 Read more Important information about the Corona virus March 20, 2020 Tire partner picks out Black Friday November 26, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 15, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire Partners October 14 Tire workshop chain went against the tide during Black Friday November 27, 2018 Load more news Tips & advice March 25, 2020 Extended tire period Important information for everyone who drives with tire tires! 🚗 This year, the Swedish Transport Agency has extended the period for its use by another two weeks… Read more Facebook September 3, 2019 Soon it is here! 📕🙏 At the end of September, our children's book will be out in our workshops. A book that's on a playful ... Go to Facebook post August 17, 2019 Big and small 😊! We also meet the driver of the future at Mittia: Forest transport 🚛🚜🚘 Go to post Show more from social media Some of our tires for the summer season More tires Michelin Pilot Sport 4 Goodyear EfficientGrip Performance 2 Goodyear Eagle F1 Assymetric 5 Questions and answers All questions and answers? How do I know that my winter tires are approved as winter tires? Read answer Answer: Definition of winter tires is: "Tires specially designed for winter driving and marked M + S, M.S., M&S, M-S, MS or 'Mud and Snow'. The tire industry has compiled lists of tires that meet these requirements. STRO's list of winter tires that meet the Swedish Road Administration's requirements can be found on our website under the heading Winter tires Read more Hide answer? EU tire labeling what is it? Read answer Answer: To make it easier for you as a consumer, you easily get information here via a tire label and its characteristics. 1: Fuel consumption (A to G, the difference can be as large as 0.5 l / 100 km) 2: Wet grip (Braking distance in wet, car with Class A and Class F tire is +10 m) 3: Noise (tire noise outside the car - not the tire noise the driver hears in the cabin) Read more Hide answer? How to avoid water planning? Read answer Answer: The most common reason for water leveling is too low pattern depth, if you want to avoid water leveling then your best insurance is a proper pattern depth, it is the pattern that penetrates and drains away the water so you get a secure grip on the ground. Tire partners recommend at least 3 mm on summer tires. Read more Hide answer We take you all the way home We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partner handles your personal data in accordance with our information on personal data We help you with your tire change! Tire Partner is one of the Nordic region's largest players in the tire industry. With our long experience in the industry, our professional staff and the wide range we dare to promise that you as a customer with us will find the tires that you are looking for. When you come to us to purchase new tires, you can be sure that you will get what suits you best. As a free retailer, we have a wide range where we attach importance to quality, safety, convenience and good value for money. We are an independent tire chain which ensures for you as a customer that you get the best tires for your particular car and your driving. Please contact us if you have any questions regarding new tires! We specialize in tires and have 230 dealers and over 1000 employees ready to help you with your new tires. Enter your location or press Get My Location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn