»Summer tires - Change to new good tires on your car | Tire Partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires at rims Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Dubbel tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheels settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About tire partners About the site Press and media it's time to switch to summer tires? Sometimes it can be a challenge to keep track of all dates and what applies to each type of tire. Here you will find all the necessary information about summer tires, what the law says about summer tires, which pattern depth is recommended for summer tires and which are the best summer tires on the market right now. Here you will also find what we at Däckpartner can help you with. Do you have questions? Get in touch! Switching to summer tires Change to summer tires no later than April 15. Book in time. (pattern depth: at least 1.6 mm, but at least 3 mm for damp roadway. From December 1 to March 31, winter tires are required if winter road conditions exist. October 1 to April 15, tire tires may be used. From April 15 to 1 There is a prohibition on the use of tire tires on October, unless the road surface is slippery. Contact us, we will help you >> Order in time to change tires Given that winter tires are required when there is winter road conditions, and we live in an oblong country with very changing weather, most people need to remember that change to summer tires no later than April 15. But do not wait until the last minute to book an appointment, but contact one of our 140 dealers to book. n of the year and usually they wear out more per year than winter tires do. Therefore, it is important to keep track of the design depth so that the wall grip does not deteriorate and the safety is risked. Tires shall have a design depth of at least 1.6 mm in the tire's main pattern. On the other hand, keep in mind that the pattern depth should be at least 3 mm to provide good grip and safety in damp roadways. Swing past your workshop and we'll look at you. Deck hotel for summer tires We at Däckpartner are specialists in tires. We take care of your questions, tires and rims all year round. Use our tire hotel for unused tires. We store them in the right temperature (16 degrees is optimal) and dark, all to extend the life of both summer tires and winter tires. Buy summer tires Buy tires with us. If you need help changing tires, we will help you with that. It may be good to have a specialist take care of the tire change so that the angles of the wheels and the wheel settings are correct. Correct wheel settings give lower fuel cost, less wear and this in turn saves the environment. In addition, it increases safety for you and your passengers. Finding the right summer tires At Tire Partner we have a wide range of new summer tires from leading manufacturers. We are an independent tire chain, which means we can always recommend the best tire for your vehicle. We are happy to help you find new summer tires that fit your car and your rims. Get in touch with us >> Some of our tires for the summer season Michelin Pilot Sport 4 Goodyear EfficientGrip Performance 2 Goodyear Eagle F1 Assymetric 5 Nokian Hakka Blue 2 Continental SportContact 6 Goodyear EfficientGrip Performance Vredestein Ultrac Satin Nokian Hakka Green 2 Yokohama BluEarth AE50 & price request See all services Change workshop Choose a workshop Find a workshop We could not retrieve your location. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue to booking Tips & advice Extended tire period Checking the tire pressure is more important than you think! Swap in time! It's legal, but not smart! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn