Change to new winter tires - Replacement for winter | Tire Partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires at rims Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Dubbel tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About Tire partners About us Contact us Media OCTOBER 1: TIME TO CHANGE TO WINTER TIRE! Having the right set wheels is important. Unbalanced winter tires wear unevenly and adversely affect driving characteristics. We at Tire Partner help you with mounting and balancing at your tire change before winter. With us it is easy to change to winter tires. Three things to consider when changing winter tires: Which environment do you drive the most in: the city or country? Snow, ice or bare ground? Which tires are best for your car and your driving? What do you need for tire size / tire size? If you are unsure, you are most welcome to ask our experts who are always on site at Däckpartner. We are always ready to help you change tires. Here you will find your nearest tire workshop. Have you purchased new studded tires? When buying new tires, we recommend that you drive them in after the tire change so that the stud settles. Calm driving for about a mile helps your tires get started. No fast accelerations or fast brakes. If the wheels spin, you risk releasing the stud. Keep track of the air pressure and the depth of the pattern to minimize the risk of traffic accidents. Regular checks allow you to get a few extra years out of your tires and increase safety. Turn in to us and we will help you with your winter tires. Already have a pair of winter tires? If you have a couple of winter tires housed in one of our tire hotels then you can just make an appointment and we will help you with the wheel change. Our tire hotels have the optimal environment for storing your tires. During off-season, we check air pressure and pattern depth on your tires so they are ready when you need them again. When you need to change your wheels or tires for the winter, we help with mounting and balancing. Need to buy new winter tires? If you need new winter tires you can of course buy it from us from Tires partner, we also help with the tire change. We offer: double tire friction tires (double winter tires) winter tires on wheels Booking & price request See all services Change workshop Choose a workshop Find a workshop We couldn't fetch your position. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue to booking Tips & advice Extended tire period Checking the tire pressure is more important than you think! Swap in time! It's legal, but not smart! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn