Dubbed tires - Buy new winter tires with stud | Tire Partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires at rims Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Dubbel tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About Tire partners About us Contact us D buy approved, good winter tires at good prices, then you should contact us. Dubbed tires are specially designed for winter road layers with deeper patterning, studs and the special blend of different rubber that keeps the tire elastic even in minus degrees. All of our dubbed tires are approved for the Nordic climate. Driving in your new studded tires It may be good to drive in your new studded tires. After about a mile of careful driving, the studs have settled and you have then extended the tire's life. Remember to avoid fast braking and heavy accelerations. If the wheels spin, you risk loosening new studs. Dubb can not replace so when the tires have lost too many, or the driving tore them down, then it is time to replace the tire. Dubbed tires and the environment The environmental aspect is something you should definitely consider when choosing tires. It is discussed back and forth regarding the use of studded tires on bare asphalt and whether the studs wear particles and form air pollutants. Whatever they come up with, the studded tires have become more environmentally friendly than ever. Both the raw materials and the manufacturing process of most manufacturers are environmentally friendly and new designs, rubber blends and studding techniques have given the winter tires better grip and wear less on the roads without making more noise. Driving affects the environment As a driver, you can protect the environment by ensuring that the air pressure is in accordance with the recommendations. Then the rolling resistance becomes minimal. Proper air pressure optimizes tire characteristics and in turn makes driving more environmentally friendly. Check the fuel filler cap or door frame to see which air pressure is optimal for your tires. Take care of your stud tires: Do not let new stud tires spin, the stud can come loose Check the air pressure at regular intervals. Keep the tires dry, cool and dark as they are not in use. You must not - combine friction tires and stud tires You must not - mix summer tires with winter tires NOTE! Some municipalities have a ban on studs in certain zones or streets within the cities. Double deck and trailer Do you drive a trailer? If the tractor has dubbed tires, the trailer must also have dubbed tires. However, it is permissible for the trailer to be dubbed but not the tractor. Important tire date: double tire - permitted October 1 - April 15 exceptions - when it is expected to be winter road weather winter road weather = ice, snow, mud or frost on the roadway Wintrac Ice Yokohama IG55 Booking & price request See all services Change workshop Choose a workshop Find a workshop We could not retrieve your location. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue to booking Tips & advice Extended tire period Checking the tire pressure is more important than you think! Swap in time! It's legal, but not smart! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn