Good winter tires for your SUV | Reliable winter tires | Tire Partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires at rims Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Dubbel tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheels settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About Tire partners About us SUV What does your winter look like? Is it filled with swirling snowfall, crackling crowds and biting winds? Or maybe it looks more like a rainy gray scale? No matter what winter brings, we at Däckpartner have a large selection of reliable winter tires for your particular SUV. For that - reliability - is actually a signal for the SUV as well as for us. Of course, most of us want to stay outside during the winter months - but under the right conditions and in the right place. With the right winter tires on your SUV, you get as smooth and safe as you want - on your terms. Our winter tires add the following to your SUV Very durable tires with aramid fibers in the rubber compound, for example our Nokian Hakkapeliitta R3 for SUV. With these reinforced tire sides, the tires are literally equipped for the most part - exceptionally durable against both bumps, cuts and curbs. Ice-free studs, thanks to twice as many, and an optimal placement of the studs in the tire. Our Continental IceContact ™ 2 tires are some of our most advanced double decks, using Crushed Ice Technology, which transports ice scrap from the studs and allows them to continue to fully function. Better grip on snow and ice thanks to a softer rubber compound in the tires. Our Vredestein Nord-Trac 2 winter tires for SUV, are tires that are specially designed to perform perfectly in our Nordic winter climate. Thanks to the softer tires, the grip on the roadway is maintained, the winter tires' short braking distances and opportunities for rapid acceleration - even in extreme winter conditions. Make sure to be prepared for the winter - come to us at Tire Partner and we will find the best solutions for your SUV! SUV ContiVikingContact 7 Nokian Hakkapeliitta R2 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta 9 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta 8 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta R3 SUV Continental IceContact 2 Vredestein Wintrac Ice Continental VikingContact 6 GoodYear UltraGrip Ice Workshop Choose your service Find all services Find our services Find all services . Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue to booking Tips & advice Extended tire period Checking the tire pressure is more important than you think! Swap in time! It's legal, but not smart! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn