Important information about the Coronavirus - Tire partner Important information about the Coronavirus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Change summer tires on wheels Rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Tires for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires us Environment Business solution Vacancies Tire partners IP Tire partners - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replacing summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tires Tire service Our tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheels settings About companies Contact us us Important information about the Corona virus News March 20, 2020 The health of our customers and employees is important to us. At a time when we all need to take our responsibility, we have taken steps to minimize the risk of spreading the coronavirus (Covid-19). We want to give you as safe and secure a stay with us as possible and we are constantly monitoring developments. Our working methods are updated according to the recommendations of the authorities. To reduce the spread of the Corona virus (Covid-19), we recommend the workshops: If you belong to a risk group or for other reasons want to remain in the car at the wheel change, notify us during your visit. The card reader is cleaned regularly. We try to limit the number of customers in the customer reception. We clean door handles, checkout counters, furniture in customer reception on an ongoing basis. We ask all our customers to book their time online, by mail or phone. All customers with some kind of cold symptom are asked to re-book their time at a later date and of course cancellation is free of charge. Important information for anyone driving with a tire! This year, the Swedish Transport Agency has extended the period for its use by another two weeks - thus it is legal to drive on dubbed winter tires until last April this year, as against April 15 which is normal. But change well in advance so we avoid rushing at the end of the month. Share this post Tweet Related news News November 27, 2018 Get up to 1000 SEK back on your tire purchase from Goodyear! Visit your Tire partner workshop Buy 4 new Goodyear winter tires Register your purchase and attach receipt, within 7 days of purchase Get back… Read more News November 1, 2018 Make a tire purchase - get a gift card on fuel VREDESTEIN AND TIRE PARTNERS HELP YOU WITH A GOOD START IN THE WINTER SEASON. Get a fuel check from Shell if you buy your tires with us… Read more News August 17, 2018 Tire partner is part of Elmia Caravan Motorhome in Jönköping On September 5-9 it is time for this year's motorhome and caravan fair in Jönköping at Elmia. An annual fair that attracts just over 36,000… Read more We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn