Friction Tires - Buy New Duty Free Winter Tires | Tire Partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires at rims Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Dubbel tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About Tire partners Contact us is called friction tires. For city driving and ground without snow and ice, friction tires are recommended. At Tire Partner you can buy friction tires from eg. GoodYear, Nokian, Yokohama and Vredestein. Duty-free winter tires A good reason to choose friction tires over double tires is that friction tires are quieter when driving while double tires make noise and sound a lot more. Come in or contact us and we recommend the best tire for you and your driving. Since we are an independent tire chain, we always give you the best advice for you and your car. Keep in mind: We at Tire Partner always recommend driving on summer tires in summer and winter tires in winter. All tires on the car must be of the same model and pattern depth. And always have the best tires in the back. Check the air pressure! Check regularly that the pressure is correct. The tires wear out faster and unevenly and the driving characteristics deteriorate. At our tire hotels you can store your friction tires correctly; dark, cool, and whole and clean. Friction Tires ContiVikingContact 7 Nokian Hakkapeliitta R2 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta R3 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta R3 Continental VikingContact 6 GoodYear UltraGrip Ice 2 Nokian Hakkapeliitta R2 Yokohama IG50 / IG50 + -Isdeck Västein Nordtrac2 Workshop Find all prices Vredestein Nordtrac2 Booking . Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue to booking Tips & advice Extended tire period Checking the tire pressure is more important than you think! Swap in time! It's legal, but not smart! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn