Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners - Tire partners Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires summer tires Change summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels Winter tires Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires Stock tires Tire partners About Tire partners Contact us Environment Business solution Vacancy services Tire partners IP Tire partners - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & pricing Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Change winter tires Dubbel tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Change summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tires hotel Tires Intranet Contact us Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire Partner Mynewsdesk October 14, 2019 Tire partner, one of Sweden's leading players in the tire industry, continues to grow with new workshops. In the last six months alone, the independent chain has been given the addition of 5 new workshops, which means that Däckpartner is now represented in as many as 150 locations around the country. Tire partners' development and success in the market do not go unnoticed and as the chain grows, more and more workshops want to join. The chain is constantly receiving inquiries from workshops around the country and is working hard to respond to the great interest. - It is fun that there is such a great interest around Tire Partner, and only after the summer have we been contacted by several workshops that want to join us to create increased profitability locally and belong to a strong independent chain, says Oskar Buhre, Sales Manager and responsible for new members. - It shows that the path we have chosen appeals to many workshops in Sweden. While responding to inquiries, we continue to work with outreach activities to recruit new interesting workshops. Since the spring of 2019, the following workshops have joined the Tire Partner's growing chain: * Töreboda Rubber Workshop, Töreboda * Autopara Helsingborg, Helsingborg * Tire Boa in Grums, Grums * Tire Jour in Nordmarken, Årjäng * New Gummicentralen in Arvidsjaur, Arvidsjaurskar Arvidsjaurna, Arvidsjaurna tires Partner. - We are pleased that they have chosen to become part of our chain. We are now aiming to continue our journey and grow further in 2020. For more information please contact Oskar Buhre on 070-200 51 34 or oskar@dackpartner.se Share this post Tweet Related news News 20 March, 2020 Important information about the Corona virus Our customers and employee health is important to us. In a time when we all need to take our responsibility, we have taken measures to… Read more Mynewsdesk November 26, 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday On the tire workshop chain Tire partner chooses Black Friday as the company sees a risk that over time it can create a buying behavior. has a negative impact on road safety. Instead, Tires partner does something completely different by paying attention to the organization's important work. Read more Mynewsdesk October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental illness Mental health among young people is widespread and many people do not want to talk to anyone. Therefore, Däckpartner wants to early support and encourage parents to spend more time with their children and at the same time inform about road safety for the future road users. This is done through a new children's book series created in favor of Bris. The revenue from the books goes in full to Bris important work. Read more We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn