Tires - Frequently Asked Questions about Tires | Tire Partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires at rims Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Dubbel tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheels settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About Tire partners About us Contact us Media answers about tires Summer tires What is the correct air pressure in the summer tires? What air pressure your particular tire should have is stated in the vehicle specifications, and in several places in your vehicle. Check the air pressure in your summer tires at least once a month, you can easily do the check yourself - but if you are unsure, it is better to have a professional do the job. Read more When is it time to switch to summer tires? Summer tires should sit on between April 1 and November 30, as long as there are no winter roads. It is very important that you drive with the right tires for the right season and road conditions, both for your own safety and to maintain a good quality on our roads. Read more During which period can you drive with summer tires? You can drive with summer tires between April 1 and November 30. The rest of the time you must have winter tires according to law. Don't forget to change tires on time - we at Tire Partner will be happy to help you. Read more Can you drive with double-free winter tires in the summer? In summer you should drive with summer tires, in winter you should drive with winter tires. Winter tires are not developed for a summer road surface and vice versa, using the wrong tires on the wrong road surface poses great risks for both yourself and other fellow road users. Read more What is the minimum allowable design depth for summer tires? If your tires start to wear out, take extra care when wet on the road. The minimum allowable design depth in the tire's main pattern on Summer tires is 1.6 mm. However, we recommend at least 3mm for your and others' safety. Read more Winter tires What is MS tires? MS tires = tires for mud and snow. M + S stands for Mud & Snow, clay and snow. Tires with this marking are developed for winter conditions. Read more What is the difference between friction tires and winter tires? Winter tires with studs are called double decks. If they are undubbed, they are called friction tires. Read more Can you drive with double-free winter tires in the summer? In summer you should drive with summer tires, in winter you should drive with winter tires. Winter tires are not developed for a summer road surface and vice versa, using the wrong tires on the wrong road surface poses great risks for yourself and other fellow road users. Read more When is winter tires required? Winter tires, dubbed or double-free (friction), should be used December 1 - March 31 if winter road conditions prevail. The pattern depth should be at least 3 millimeters. Definition Winter tires = M + S marked, by the supplier intended for winter use. Definition Winter road law = When any part of the roadway, or abutment, is covered by snow, mud or ice. Read more Minimum pattern depth on Winter tires? If your winter tires start to wear out, take extra care along the way. The minimum allowable design depth in the tire's main pattern on Winter tires is 3.0 mm. However, we recommend at least 5mm for your and others' safety. Read more How do I know that my winter tires are approved as winter tires? Definition of winter tires is: "Tires specially designed for winter driving and marked M + S, M.S., M&S, M-S, MS or 'Mud and Snow'. The tire industry has compiled lists of tires that meet these requirements. STRO's list of winter tires that meet the Swedish Road Administration's requirements can be found on our website under the heading Winter tires Read more SUV tires What does SUV mean? Literally, the "SUV" is an abbreviation for the English "Sport Utility Vehicle", which is freely translated "Sporty practical vehicle". For the sake of simplicity, "SUV" in Swedish is sometimes referred to as "city jeep". Read more Other How to store your tires in the best way? The most important thing when it comes to tire storage is the climate in the storage room. Cool, dry, dark and clean are good keywords. Also, chemicals, solvents or oils should not be stored in the same room, as these can have a detrimental effect on tire durability. At Tire Partner, we offer tire hotels with proper and safe storage for your tires - including laundry, care and maintenance. Read more How do I know the age of my tire? There is a DOT code on the deck. The code and marking can be found on the tire side. Since 2000, the code consists of four digits. The first two figures show the tire's production week and the last two years of manufacture. Ex: DOT code 0509 = the tire is manufactured week 5 and year 2009 Read more Should the best tires sit back or front? Always avoid major differences in tire wear. If you still have a difference, the best tires should always be at the back. Otherwise you run the risk of cord with rotation as a result. A vehicle is built to protect in the event of a front impact and works much worse from the side. If you buy two new tires, they must always be mounted at the back. This applies to rear, front and four wheel drive cars. Read more EU tire labeling what is it? To make it easier for you as a consumer, you can easily get information here via a tire label and its characteristics. 1: Fuel consumption (A to G, the difference can be as large as 0.5 l / 100 km) 2: Wet grip (Braking distance in wet, car with Class A and Class F tire is +10 m) 3: Noise (tire noise outside the car - not the tire noise the driver hears in the cabin) Read more Which tire size fits my car? The original equipment of the car is shown in the registration certificate. In our reg number search you can see which dimension is registered with the Transport Board. What size you have on your car, however, depends on equipment etc. Contact us if you are unsure. Read more How do I know if the tires are good? Quiet! With us you can always get a free check on how your tires are doing and whether they are road-safe :) Read more How to avoid water planning? The most common reason for water leveling is too low pattern depth, if you want to avoid water leveling then your best insurance is a proper pattern depth, it is the pattern that penetrates and drains away the water so you get a secure grip on the ground. Tire partners recommend at least 3 mm on summer tires. Read more Correct air pressure in your tires? Information on the correct air pressure can be found in the vehicle's instruction manual and often also on a decal on the inside of the fuel cap or on the post behind the driver's seat. The car manufacturer usually specifies two recommended air pressures, one lower for normal driving and one higher for driving at high loads or at higher speeds. Keep in mind that incorrect air pressure can, increase emissions and fuel consumption, be dangerous to traffic and affect the life of the tire. Read more Booking & price request See all services Change workshop Choose a workshop Find a workshop We could not retrieve your location. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue booking We use cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn