Buy new winter tires - Good tires for winter | Tire Partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires at rims Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Dubbel tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About tire partners About us Contact us Press At Tire Partner we have winter tires for all car models. We offer both high quality and high quality friction tires at the best price. The tires are all approved for the Nordic climate. Contact us and we will advise you on which tires to buy for your car. Friction tires Friction tires, ie double-free winter tires, provide a better grip on snow and bare ground than double tires do and provide a softer driving experience. Double decks Double decks are unsurpassed on icy roads with packed snow and cold. What applies, regardless of the studs or not studs on the tires, is to have plenty of time for you when you are driving somewhere, adapt the speed to the road and traffic and have a good overview of the car and the carriageway with the surrounding area. Do you live where winter consists mostly of scattered snowfall and slush on bare ground? Then we recommend friction tires (double-free winter tires). Here you will find more information about studded tires. Here you will find more information about friction tires. Complete winter tires on wheels Of course you can also buy complete winter wheels from us. Here you will find more information about winter tires on rims. Important tire dates: tire tires - allowed October 1 - April 15 exceptions - when it is expected to be winter road weather winter road law = ice, snow, mud or frost on the roadway. Be sure to check the design depth regularly so that you know when it is time for new tires on your vehicle. Many tires have pattern depth gauges built into the tires. Measure at several places on the tire and of course at the most worn place. Are you a customer of Tire Partner? Then of course we check the design depth when you visit one of our dealers. Search our map to see where your nearest workshop is located. If you need to buy new winter tires we have several safe and affordable tires for winter road teams. Booking & price request See all services Change workshop Choose a workshop Find a workshop We could not retrieve your location. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue to booking Tips & advice Extended tire period Checking the tire pressure is more important than you think! Swap in time! It's legal, but not smart! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn