Buy new summer tires - Buy good tires for your car | Tire Partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires at rims Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Dubbel tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions about tires Become a company customer About Tire partners About the website Press and media new summer tires? Are your summer tires worn or have many years on your neck? Then it may be time to buy new summer tires. A worn tire is not considered safe, even if the tire has been exposed to weather and wind for many years on varying road surfaces. But no danger on the roof, we at Däckpartner are happy to help you find the most affordable summer tires for you and your car. Since we are an independent tire specialist you can be sure that our advice and tips come from the heart and not from the wallet. We simply want you to drive safely. Choose the right dimensions when you buy your summer tires When you buy a set of new summer tires you can be sure to get all the service you need from us at Tire Partner. We help with everything from finding the best option for you and your car and if you are not sure what the status is on your summer tires today you are welcome in and we will help you and look at it. The dimensions that your car needs to have on the summer tires are most easily read on the tire side, but also appear on the registration certificate. Of course, we can also help you to easily control which dimension you need, either directly on the car or through a reg number search, when the information is registered with the Transport Agency. How do I know how old my summer deck is? You can easily date your summer tire yourself, by looking at the side of the tire. Since 2000 there has been a four-digit DOT code, which indicates the age of the tire. If, for example, the DOT code is 0408, the tire is manufactured during week 4, 2008. Other indications that it is time to put on a couple of new summer tires are, for example: As the tire depth of the tire approaches 3 mm, it will be time to replace it. tires. When the design depth starts to decrease to 1.6 mm, it is definitely time to replace the tires as the law requires. A worn summer deck entails major risks, especially the risk of water planning increases significantly. If you have summer tires that are very unevenly worn. As a rule, the best tires should sit at the back of the car, but the best thing is of course to have as smooth wear as possible. Do you know that your summer tires are or are starting to get unevenly worn - come to us at Däckpartner and we will help you! Some of our tires for the summer season Michelin Pilot Sport 4 Goodyear EfficientGrip Performance 2 Goodyear Eagle F1 Assymetric 5 Nokian Hakka Blue 2 Continental SportContact 6 Goodyear EfficientGrip Performance Vredestein Ultrac Satin Nokian Hakka Green 2 Yokohama BluEarth AE50 Booking & Price inquiry Find all services Find workshop We could not retrieve your location. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue to booking Tips & advice Extended tire period Checking the tire pressure is more important than you think! Swap in time! It's legal, but not smart! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn