Tire partner supports Bris work - Tire partner Important information about Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Business solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Change summer tires on wheels Rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Tires for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires us Environment Business solution Vacancies Tire partners IP Tire partners - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Double tires Frictions tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replacing summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tires Our service Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheels settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer us Däckpartner supports Bris work Mynewsdesk February 22, 2017 Däckpartner AB becomes a sponsor of Bris, the children's right in society. Through efforts both centrally and from the local workshops in the country, the tire chain will help Bris to continue to support children and young people. In a new two-year agreement, Däckpartner becomes a sponsor of Bri's work for children's rights. Each year, Bris curators have over 26,000 supportive contacts with children and young people via telephone, chat and email. The most common topic is mental illness. Common to the children who hear about Bris is that they lack an adult in their vicinity to talk to. - Tire partners are proud to be part of and support Bri's important work in Sweden. In the management, we were completely in agreement with the proposal and the message to our members received standing ovations when it was released at our membership and supplier meeting in early February, says Greger Andersson. marketing manager at Däckpartner. An auction was held during the membership dinner as a starting point for the decision. The highest bid came from Däckpartner's member Däckcenter in Anderstorp, who tendered the object for a fantastic SEK 25,000. Together with tonight's collection through Swish, Däckpartner's first effort for Bris was just over SEK 35,000. - Every krona collected makes a difference for Bris and we are very happy that Däckpartner has chosen to support us. Their support contributes to our opportunities to remain open in support activities and to develop our work for children's rights. Having long-term cooperation agreements with companies is extremely important for Bris, but without the financial support we receive, no one listens, says Magnus Jägerskog, Bris secretary general. Tire partners plan annual fundraising activities to raise money for Bris operations. - We will make a contribution every year centrally from Däckpartners, but the most important effort will be from our local workshops in the country. We will show that we are many, strong and driven in our commitment to Bris and together we can and do want to make a difference, says Greger Andersson. For more information, contact: Greger Andersson, Marketing Manager at Däckpartner, 073-517 73 31, greger@dackpartner.se Anna Holmqvist, Press Secretary Bris, 070-779 95 06, anna.holmqvist@bris.se About Däckpartner Däckpartner is one of the Nordic countries. largest players in the tire industry, an independent chain and 100% member-owned out of their workshops in Sweden. Since 2002, the chain has grown from 10 workshops to a peak of 138. From Ystad in the south to Kalix in the north. About Bris Children's Right In Society (Bris) is a party-political and religiously independent non-profit organization that aims to specifically assist vulnerable children and young people and establish opportunities for children and young people to engage in dialogue with adults. The UN Convention on the Rights of the Child provides the basis for Bris work. Bris's operations are funded through gifts, membership fees and corporate sponsorship. Share this post Tweet Related news News March 20, 2020 Important information about the Corona virus The health of our customers and employees is important to us. In a time when we all need to take our responsibility, we have taken measures to… Read more Mynewsdesk November 26, 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday On the tire workshop chain Tire partner chooses Black Friday as the company sees a risk that over time it can create a buying behavior. has a negative impact on road safety. Instead, Tires partner does something completely different by paying attention to the organization's important work. Read more Mynewsdesk October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental illness Mental health among young people is widespread and many people do not want to talk to anyone. Therefore, Däckpartner wants to early support and encourage parents to spend more time with their children and at the same time inform about road safety for the future road users. This is done through a new children's book series created in favor of Bris. The revenue from the books goes in full to Bris important work. Read more We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn