»Tire Shop - Find Your Nearest Workshop | Tire Partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires at rims Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Dubbel tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About tire partners About us Contact us Media or press Get My Location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire workshop that cares about your tires With us at Tire Partner you can feel safe and secure when you leave your car at our tire workshop and know that your tires are in safe hands. We have tires that passion and a tire change with us is so much more than a tire change. We care about your tires! A tire change at our tire workshop gives you quality at every level. Besides you can be safe and secure knowing that the tire change is done in the best way, of course we always make sure to clean both the tires and the rims and we also ensure that the tires are well balanced. We are one of the Nordic region's largest players in the industry, but also large in terms of European dimensions, which gives you as a customer a guarantee that your tires will be well cared for at our tire workshop. Do you need new tires? No problem! We are happy to help you find the best tires for you and your driving. As an independent tire chain, we always look to your best based on your driving. We only work with products that we consider to be the best and to meet all customers' needs we have access to tires in all price levels. In addition to helping you with your tire change at our tire workshop, you also have the opportunity to get help with storing your tires with us. Here you can read more about our Deck Hotel. Welcome to us at Däckpartner! If you have any questions or concerns regarding tire replacement or our tire workshop, do not hesitate to contact us! We look forward to helping you! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn