Tire workshop chain went against the tide during Black Friday - Tire partner Important information about Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Business solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get suggestions Webshop Book time & get price suggestions Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer Replacing summer tires Summer tires on wheels Rims Winter tires Buying winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on rims SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires Stock tires Tire service About Tire partners Contact us Environment Business solution Vacancy Services Tire partners IP Tire partners - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & pricing Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Change winter tires Deck tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tires hotel Tires Intranet Contact us Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Mynewsdesk November 27, 2018 The tire workshop chain Tire Partner chose a different track during last week's Black Friday. Instead of doing so many other companies this time with campaigns and selling goods, they chose instead to pay attention to something completely different. The tire workshop chain Tire Partner chose a different track during last week's Black Friday. Instead of doing this time with many other companies with campaigns and selling goods, they chose instead to pay attention to something completely different. Last week, many companies were barred from selling items under the theme Black Friday, Black Weekend, Black Week or Black Weeks at greatly discounted prices. It was hard to miss and was reached by the message regardless of whether you were moving out on the streets and squares, watching TV or surfing the cell phone. The tire workshop chain Tire Partner chose to do something completely different. Instead of a traditional campaign on the theme, they chose instead to publish a post on their Facebook page and informed their followers that they did not have a Black Friday offer, but instead paid attention to all children who are doing poorly, feeling bad and applying to the organization Children's Right in Society (BRIS). The tire partner chose to donate 1: - for each Like and Share they received on the post and also invited everyone who saw the post to donate themselves. By the time the weekend was over it had collected a total of SEK 10,000 and over 60,000 people had seen the post. “It is incredibly fun that our customers, workshops, suppliers and people around the country got involved and chose to spread the message. We made an active choice to keep the advertising down last week and instead focus on BRIS and their important work, as it is an organization that is warm to us. ” - says Jon Persson, Marketing Manager at Däckpartner Sweden. Share this post Tweet Related news News March 20, 2020 Important information about the Corona virus The health of our customers and employees is important to us. In a time when we all need to take our responsibility, we have taken measures to… Read more Mynewsdesk November 26, 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday On the tire workshop chain Tire partner chooses Black Friday as the company sees a risk that over time it can create a buying behavior. has a negative impact on road safety. Instead, Tires partner does something completely different by paying attention to the organization's important work. Read more Mynewsdesk October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental illness Mental health among young people is widespread and many people do not want to talk to anyone. Therefore, Däckpartner wants to early support and encourage parents to spend more time with their children and at the same time inform about road safety for the future road users. This is done through a new children's book series created in favor of Bris. The revenue from the books goes in full to Bris important work. Read more We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn