»SUV tires | Buy good tires for your SUV at Tire partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Replacing summer tires Summer tires on wheels Rims Winter tires Buying winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on rims SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires Stock tires Tire service About Tire partners Contact us Environment Business solution Vacancy services Tire partners IP Tire partners - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Dubb tires Frictionsd ck Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replacing summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer us Tires for your SUV Sometimes there is only one way - and that is ahead. In wet as dry, nail straight or snug - for those who do not want to compromise, the SUV is a sunny choice. With the right type of tire for your SUV you save both time and money. We who live in northern latitudes know that the weather is rarely stable or predictable. On the contrary, both road surface and temperature can vary greatly from one day to the next. We at Tire Partners have SUV tires that are specially designed to match what SUV stands for - stability and reliability regardless of road conditions, in the city noise as well as in the rural gravel. Winning tire characteristics - always safety first At Tire Partner you will find tires for your SUV that allow you to sit safely and stably - even if the road surface is not exactly the same. With properties that fit our Nordic climate, our winter tires as well as summer tires are a winning investment for your SUV: Short braking distance regardless of weather - Thanks to a well-applied contact surface between tires and roadway, our SUV tires get a short and efficient braking distance, when driving on both dry and wet surfaces. Exceptional Water Planning Protection - All of our SUV tires have designs that transport water away efficiently. Thanks to the longitudinal center ribs with well increased depth, water transport away from the tires is streamlined, which both reduces the risk of water leveling and also contributes to longer life for the summer tires. Perfect response and steering feel even at high speeds - Thanks to innovative rubber compounding, tire designs, and multi-tire tire construction, our SUV tires are high performance in their grip on the roads, especially in changing road conditions. Here, high speeds are no obstacle to perfect control response! We at Tire Partner know your SUV. We know the importance of precise driving characteristics and perfect response between tires, roadway and dashboard, especially when it comes to heavier vehicles such as the SUV. Welcome to book time with us! We at Däckpartner have solid experience and are happy to help you with everything from advice to tire change, so you can concentrate on the important - the way forward. Some of our tires for the summer season Michelin Pilot Sport 4 Goodyear EfficientGrip Performance 2 Goodyear Eagle F1 Assymetric 5 Nokian Hakka Blue 2 Continental SportContact 6 Goodyear EfficientGrip Performance Vredestein Ultrac Satin Nokian Hakka Green 2 Yokohama BluEarth AE50 Booking & Price inquiry Find all services Find workshop We could not retrieve your location. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue to booking Tips & advice Extended tire period Checking the tire pressure is more important than you think! Swap in time! It's legal, but not smart! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn