»Caravan & RV tires | Buy tires at Tire partner® Important information about the Coronavirus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Change summer tires at wheels Wheels Winter tires Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Tires for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires Environment Business solution Vacancy Services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires p on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replacing summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About Tire partners D Contact to caravans and motorhome tires In order to be able to travel safely and safely on the road, it is important that you check the tires of your caravan or camper properly every year before the holiday. Use our checklist below to make sure your motorhome or caravan tires are measuring up! If you discover any defects or damage to your tires, we at Dire Partner will help you find the right tire for your caravan or camper. We choose the tire that suits your vehicle and your specific needs best. For caravans and motorhomes, we recommend that Tire partners use C-rated tires, as the body of a C-tire gives a higher stability both when standing still and when driving. Checking for each season In normal cases, the tire's design depth is usually a good indication that it is time to change tires. Because caravans and motorhomes roll so short distances per year (on average about 100-300 and 300-500 kilometers respectively), the design depth is not affected in the same way as for example a car. What can be seen on the other hand are dry cracks and deformations on the tires. Therefore, it is important to carefully check your tires before each season. Checklist for check: Tire tread depth - We recommend a tread depth of at least 3 mm for good grip. Dry cracks in the side - It is common for cracks on the sides of the tire. If the cracks are superficial and not so many, this is rarely a problem. However, if there are several deeper cracks or cracks near the rim of the rim, the tires should be replaced. If you feel unsure, come to one of our workshops for a check. Tire Pressure - Throughout the season you should have a good look at the tire pressure in your tires. It is important that you follow the manufacturer's recommendations. Deformation and bubbles - If the tire side looks uneven, the tire should be replaced, as deformation and bubbles are a sign of tire fatigue. Oblique Wear - Tire wear on the tires may be due to various causes. If any of your tires are slippery, you should come to one of our workshops and we will help you fix the problem. Booking & price request See all services Change workshop Choose a workshop Find a workshop We could not retrieve your location. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue to booking Tips & advice Extended tire period Checking the tire pressure is more important than you think! Swap in time! It's legal, but not smart! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn