Environment - Tire partner Important information about the Coronavirus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get price suggestions Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires at rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires Stockholmsgruppen FAQ tire shop Contact us Available services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price request Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About Tire partners About the site Press and media contribute long-term and sustainably together with our suppliers. We are affiliated with Svensk Däckåtervinning AB, which is the tire industry's answer to the regulation on producer responsibility for tires (1994: 1236) and has the task of organizing the collection and recycling of all used tires. Since the operational start in January 1995, between 90 and 100 percent of all decayed tires have been collected every year. In recent years, the collection and recycling rate has exceeded 100 percent. Consumers take their environmental responsibility by paying a recycling fee when buying new tires. SDAB Annual Report 2018 Certificate Däckpartner Sverige AB Booking & price inquiry See all services Change workshop Choose a workshop Find a workshop We could not retrieve your position. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue to booking Tips & advice Extended tire period Checking the tire pressure is more important than you think! Swap in time! It's legal, but not smart! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn