Summer tires for your SUV | Drive safely this summer | Tire Partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires at rims Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Dubbel tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About Tire partners Contact us SUV All seasons are SUV's seasons, but summer is also the season of excursions and car vacations. Don't forget to review the tires for your SUV - are they in good condition or do they need to be renewed? Make the tire review a natural part of your vacation planning - what do you want to spend your vacation on, and how do you want your tires to perform? We at Deckpartner have summer tires that fit your particular SUV summer, no matter what your plans look like! Our SUV tires have features such as: Strong grip on the roadway and short braking distance, even at high speeds. Among other things, our SUV tires from Goodyear, the Eagle F1 Asymmetric 3 SUV hold a fantastic high performance that provides short braking distances in rainy as well as dry road conditions. Extremely Durable Tire Sides - In our SUV tires from Nokian Hakka Blue 2 SUV, the rubber compound on the tire sides contains very durable aramid fibers, which is a material also used in the aircraft and military industries. This makes the tire surfaces extra durable and resistant to bumps and pressures, for example, bumps in the roadway. SUV tires with good environmental characteristics - our summer tires for SUVs from Yokohama are specially developed to get as low rolling resistance as possible, and thus get significantly lower fuel consumption. The tires roll quietly and provide a very comfortable ride. Not sure which summer tires for SUVs are best for you? Roll over to us at Tire Partner - we help you with everything from advice to tire assembly and tire control - to buying brand new SUV tires. Everything to make your summer roll as smoothly as possible! Welcome to contact us! SUV Nokian Hakka Blue 2 Continental SportContact 6 Goodyear EfficientGrip Performance Vredestein Ultrac Satin Booking & price request See all services Change workshop Choose a workshop Find a workshop We could not retrieve your position. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue to booking Tips & advice Extended tire period Checking the tire pressure is more important than you think! Swap in time! It's legal, but not smart! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn