»Change to summer tires - Replacing tires on your car | Tire Partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires at rims Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Dubbel tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About Tire partners Contact us A sure spring sign is that it is time to change tires or wheels. Don't squeal on the ground itself; let the pros do the job. We have over 140 workshops that are all ready to help you with what you need for the winter-to-summer deck shift. And vice versa. We are one of the Nordic region's largest players in the tire industry and we can tire. See where your nearest workshop is located >> We take care of your tires or wheels all year round and your summer tires and your winter tires are clean and fine at the right temperature in our tire hotel until it is time to change. Select tire by weather, not date It is important that you have the right tire for the weather conditions. Therefore, it is forbidden, for example, to use double tires between 15 April to 1 October. But if there are winter road conditions during this period, you can depart from the law and use studded tires. April 15 is still definitely the last day to use double decks and you should switch to summer tires, regardless of road conditions. Pattern depth on summer tires Remember that the minimum pattern depth on summer tires is 1.6 mm. However, we always recommend having a design depth of 3 mm, as it protects better when eg water leveling. Your safety is most important. Replace tires for safety Is your tire more than eight years old? Then it's time to buy new. The rubber does not last forever. If you use our tire hotel and visit us regularly, we will help you keep track of your tires for best performance and greatest safety. We help you rotate the wheels, balance them and keep track of the pattern depth. Please inquire and book time >> For best tire performance, keep in mind: Balancing the tires - do you feel the steering wheel sway when you drive straight ahead? Then you need tire balancing. We use technical equipment with millimeter precision and our knowledge means that we optimally balance your tires. We make sure you avoid over-steering or under-steering in curves and driving becomes safer. And more driving pleasure. All tires must be of the same type. - Choose an option: summer tires, winter tires or double decks. How old are your tires? - If the tires are older than eight years, you should buy new ones and hand in the old ones to us. We have the best makes and can help you with the right tire for your vehicle. Some of our tires for the summer season Michelin Pilot Sport 4 Goodyear EfficientGrip Performance 2 Goodyear Eagle F1 Assymetric 5 Nokian Hakka Blue 2 Continental SportContact 6 Goodyear EfficientGrip Performance Vredestein Ultrac Satin Nokian Hakka Green 2 Yokohama BluEarth AE50 Booking & Price inquiry Find all services Find workshop We could not retrieve your location. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue to booking Tips & advice Extended tire period Checking the tire pressure is more important than you think! Swap in time! It's legal, but not smart! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn