»Tire service | Service of your tires at Tire partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Change summer tires Summer tires on wheels Rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Tires for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires Stockholmsgruppen Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Find tires Contact us Environment Company solution Vacancies Tire partners IP Tire partners - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Double tires Friction tires We tire on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About Press Tire service We have access to tires in all price levels and dimensions and work with products that we believe are the best in every segment for You as a customer. We are an independent tire chain, which means that we always have the best tire as a solution for your particular driving and vehicle without any control other than needs and characteristics. Many of our workshops sell tires to all wheeled vehicle types. We also have nice rims from several different suppliers for sale. We have a large selection of tire types and dimensions from most well-known brands and in most price ranges. Booking & price request See all services Change workshop Choose a workshop Find a workshop We could not retrieve your location. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Proceed to booking Other services: 24 hour service Tire sales We have a large selection of tire types and dimensions from most well-known brands and in most price ranges. Buy tires & sell Deck hotels We solve all problems with tire change and storage - check in your tires today. Set your tires We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn