Winter tires - Switch to new tires for winter | Tire Partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires at rims Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Dubbel tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About Tire partners About the site Press and media feared to be winter and the road surface at the same time changed, in Sweden we need to change to winter tires. Here you will find all the necessary information about winter tires and a selection of winter tires that we at Däckpartner recommend right now. Welcome to us to: change winter tires buy new winter tires Change to winter tires In Sweden, it is a requirement to have winter tires on the car between December 1st and March 31st, if it is winter road law. It is the police who decide if there is winter road law but you can assume that it is winter road law if there is snow, ice, snowmelt or frost on any part of the road which is the Swedish Transport Agency's definition of winter road law. Remember to change in time for your and others' sake. At Tirespartner we are specialists in tires and with approx. 230 dealerships are available to you when you need to change to winter tires. Here you will find your nearest tire workshop. Buy new winter tires The requirement for winter tires is that the design depth should be at least 3 millimeters in the tire's main groove, our recommendation is 5mm and if it starts to approach it then it may be time for new winter tires, whether it is a passenger car, light truck or light bus. Be sure to check the pattern depth so that you know when it is approaching the time to acquire new winter tires. If you are a customer at Däckpartner, we will of course check the design depth when you visit one of our retailers. If you need to buy new winter tires, we offer several good winter tire tires: Friction tires Double tires Winter tires on wheels Winter tires that we recommend ContiVikingContact 7 Nokian Hakkapeliitta R2 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta 9 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta 8 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta R3 IceContact 2 Booking & price request See all services Change workshop Choose a workshop Find a workshop We could not retrieve your location. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue to booking Tips & advice Extended tire period Checking the tire pressure is more important than you think! Swap in time! It's legal, but not smart! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn