Winter tires with rims - Buy complete winter tires | Tire Partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires at rims Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Dubbel tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions about tires Become a company customer About Tire partners About us Want to buy complete winter wheels? Of course you can buy new winter tires with rims from us. You are warmly welcomed to one of our tire workshops where our experts will help you with your purchase of new winter wheels. Which rim for winter tires? For a long time it was common to put on a couple of steel rims for the winter, because they were considered more durable. They were also considered safer because they were heavier and lay better against the ground. Nowadays, the aluminum rims are so good that it is recommended to use them all year round, both for the characteristics, appearance and your finances. Of course, it can still be good to have two sets of aluminum rims to replace so they keep their freshness and their positive properties. And then it's fun to be able to change the look of the car with a simple rim change. Talk to your nearest workshop and we will develop a range of rims to fit your car. When it comes to tires we offer: friction tires (double winter tires) double tires Store your winter tires at tire hotels With us you can store winter wheels at our tire hotels. There, they are cleaned and checked before being stored cool and dark, where they are most comfortable. Proper storage is important for the tire to last as long as possible. We make sure to store your tires correctly. And when you are ready to change wheels, you are welcome to one of our workshops, and we will help you change and balance your wheels. Winter tires we recommend ContiVikingContact 7 Nokian Hakkapeliitta R2 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta 9 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta 8 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta R3 SUV Nokian Hakkapeliitta R3 Nokian Hakkapeliitta 8 Nokian Hakkapeliitta 9 Find all works & prices Find all services We offer prices & bookings See all prices Book & find your position. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue to booking Tips & advice Extended tire period Checking the tire pressure is more important than you think! Swap in time! It's legal, but not smart! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn