One of the Nordic region's largest players in the tire industry | Tire Partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires at rims Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Dubbel tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About Tire partners About us Contact us and media independent tire supplier We have a passion for tires, rims and vehicles. This has led to us being one of the Nordic region's largest players in the industry today. Read more about us, our values ​​and our history here. On January 20, 1994, DekkPartner was established by a small group of tire workshops in Norway. The motive was to gather free and independent workshops in the tire industry in order to create purchasing power in the first place. The concept proved sustainable and quickly grew to over 30 workshops. Subsequently, DekkPartner expanded continuously for several years, becoming the largest chain of free and independent contractors in the tire industry in Norway. In 2002, the process of establishing DekkPartner in Sweden began, one of the reasons was to strengthen the position in relation to the Nordic suppliers. The Swedish market is almost twice the size of the Norwegian market, and higher sales and purchases mean better conditions. In 2005, cooperation was also established in Finland when Rengascenter joined an existing tire chain, which led to additional purchasing volume and now also good workshop design in the Nordic region. With this, DekkPartner is one of the Nordic region's largest players in the tire industry. DekkPartner is large in the market even by European standards, we have a strong position with our suppliers as a distribution point, and we are an important supplier for the major central customers. From May 2010, we market ourselves with Swedish spelling in Sweden “Däckpartner”. On January 1, 2014, we became Däckpartner Sverige AB, a fully independent Swedish company. We continue our work to strengthen an already very strong position in the market, and stand for our chain members to be strengthened in their immediate area. We currently have 145 workshops connected in Sweden from north to south. All our workshops are affiliated with DRF (the tire specialists' national association) safe for you as a customer. there is an agreement with the Consumer Agency. Booking & price request See all services Change workshop Choose a workshop Find a workshop We could not retrieve your location. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue to booking Tips & advice Extended tire period Checking the tire pressure is more important than you think! Swap in time! It's legal, but not smart! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn