»Buy new rims | Switching rims on the car | Tire Partner® Important information about the Corona virus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get prices Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires at rims Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Dubbel tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a corporate customer About Tire partners Contact us Media in F Uppsala is specialized in rims A set of new rims can drastically change the look of your car and at Däckpartner you will find a wide range of different rims in various sizes, designs and styles. Over the years, it has become increasingly common to choose, for example, aluminum rims in a contemporary design to give their car a substantial lift and appearance. What can make a difference besides the design and color of the rims can also be the size. As light metal rims become more relevant, also called aluminum rims, wheels with larger dimensions have also become relevant to give their car a new look. Wide range of rims Whether you are looking for a pair of classic, sporty, pentagram, larger or other specific rims, we at Däckpartner can certainly help you on your way to your new rims. Furthermore, there is a lot that must be matched when it comes to mounting new rims. Both the diameter and the width must fit the car, but also the number of attachment points, the bolt circle and the depth of compression. No need to worry, we at Däckpartner will help you through the entire process so you can feel secure in the purchase of your new rims. Popular rims Want to see what your car looks like with new rims? We have a collaboration with OCL Brorssons, Special Wheels and Rautamo Wheel Fashion. AEZ Straight Shine ENZO G Graphite ENZO G Silver CSP 13 CSP 14 CSP 15 Etabeta Eros Bright Silver Rial Catania Sterling Silver Brock B36 Chrystal Silver Booking & Price inquiry View all services Change Workshop Choose Workshop Find Workshop We could not retrieve your position. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue to booking Tips & advice Extended tire period Checking the tire pressure is more important than you think! Swap in time! It's legal, but not smart! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn