Become a corporate customer - Tire partner Important information about the Coronavirus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get price suggestions Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Change summer tires on wheels Wheels Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires Business solution Vacancy Services Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires k on rim Summer tires Buy summer tires Replace summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheels settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About Press partners Contact Keep the wheels rolling - become a corporate customer! If you choose Tire Partner as a partner, we make sure that all you have to do is drive! We have 252 retailers and 1,000 employees ready to help you. Our selected range meets all the professional requirements you as a customer can put on high wear resistance, low rolling resistance, good mileage performance and driveability. As an independent operator we can always recommend the tire that is best for you, your vehicle and conditions of use. With many retailers spread across the Nordic / Europe, we offer service and personal commitment beyond the ordinary. Tire Partner's workshop standard DPVS guarantees the highest quality and workmanship in our work. Central procurement provides excellent cost benefits locally. 248 tire workshops in the Nordic region provide a unique access to service when you need it! On-call service 24 hours a day, seven days a week across Europe, provides support where you need it, when you need it! Our agreements give you the highest priority in the chain, no matter in which country. When you book the tires at our tire Hotel, you get full control of your wheels (washing, shifting, insurance, maintenance and wheel lists with suggestions for measures simple, safe and collected. Tire policy to avoid unnecessary costs and environmental pressures Regular vehicle inspections to plan Maintenance, safe operation and minimize costs Contact us for a contract proposal 24 hours service Applies to only connected carriers and hauliers Central Europe call, call 0727-101 101 Tire partners offer 24-hour round-the-clock European service and at fixed prices, the service means that You must be a customer of one of our workshops in Sweden and that your company is registered with Däckpartner centrally. If you want to know more contact one of our workshops, or Däckpartner centrally. Local / regional on call For those who work and work locally / regionally, please we will contact you at the nearest workshop to all our workshops. Do you want to get in touch with us? Name * Email * Phone Number Message This iframe contains the logic needed to handle Gravity Forms with Ajax support. Booking & price request See all services Change workshop Choose a workshop Find a workshop We could not retrieve your location. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue to booking Tips & advice Extended tire period Checking the tire pressure is more important than you think! Swap in time! It's legal, but not smart! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn