About the site - Tire partner Important information about the Coronavirus (covid-19) Read more here Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Company solution Press Contact us Intranet Webshop Book time & get prices Webshop Book time & get price suggestions Tires & rims Summer tires Buy summer tires Change summer tires on wheels Wheels Winter tires Buy winter tires Replacing winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires on wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Rims for SUV Tires for caravans and motorhome tires Business solution Vacancies Tire partner IP Tire partner - All the way home Over 150 workshops in Sweden toggle menu Home Booking & price inquiry Tires & rims Winter tires Buy winter tires Replace winter tires Double tires Friction tires Winter tires p on wheels Summer tires Buy summer tires Replacing summer tires Summer tires on wheels Wheels SUV tires Summer tires for SUV Winter tires for SUV Wheels for SUV Find tire workshop Our services Tire sales Tire service Tire hotel Wheel settings Frequently asked questions and answers about tires Become a company customer About Tire partners Contact website Personal data management When you send booking requests to us, we save your information with the purpose of contacting you to answer your questions and to communicate with you about our products and services. By submitting a booking request you agree that Däckpartner AB stores your personal information and that we have the right to communicate with you via e-mail, regular mail and telephone. Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy was revised on May 15, 2018 Däckpartner Sverige AB undertakes to protect and respect your integrity in the performance of our services, in contact with you and in all processing of your personal data that we carry out. Däckpartner Sverige AB processes the personal data required for the fulfillment of our commitment to you or if you have given consent to the processing. Däckpartner Sverige AB may also need to process your personal data due to requirements in law or regulation. Personal data means all information that can be attributed to an identifiable natural person. Details of our treatment can be found below. Security We think it is very important that your personal data is protected. We therefore take all appropriate technical and organizational security measures necessary to protect your personal information against unauthorized access, alteration or destruction. In order to protect your personal data, we ensure that the physical servers are protected, that our systems are protected electronically by firewalls, that our electronic equipment is protected against intrusion, and that the staff of us who have access to your personal data have knowledge of personal data management and privacy issues. However, it always involves a risk of disclosing personal data on digital channels as it is not possible to completely protect technology systems from infringement. Personal information collected about you or that you submit to us We may collect the following information about you in order to be able to deliver our various services to you: Name E-mail address Postal address Your car's registration number Telephone number Personal number Credit details Bank details Correspondence between you and us can also be saved so that we can perform our services in the best possible way. Purposes of processing We may process your personal data for the following purposes: To communicate with you To establish and maintain your order for our services To perform and improve our performance of the services To review and analyze the use of our services To: We will be able to keep statistics on the use of our services and visits to our digital channels To administer your payment of the services To protect our rights To live up to the requirements of law, regulation or government regulations To be able to conduct market surveys To be able to send information and offers to you Disclosure of information We may disclose your personal information to service providers, such as payment intermediaries, contractors, partners and data storage service providers in order to provide services to you. We may also disclose your personal information to authorities, such as the Tax Authority or police, court and other law enforcement agencies, if we are required to do so by law or to protect our rights or the rights of third parties. We may also disclose your personal information to Swedish or foreign group companies, distributors, agents or partners and other related parties, or a subsequent owner, partner and their advisors in connection with a merger, consolidation, restructuring or sale of substantially all shares and / or assets or other reorganization. Transfers to third countries Your personal data will not be transferred to countries outside the EU / EEA. Changes to the personal data policy Should we need to change the processing of your personal data, we will inform you about the content of the new terms. Deletion of data Your personal data will not be retained for longer than is necessary for the purposes of the processing and we will otherwise delete personal data in a manner that follows the applicable legislation. For subscribers to newsletters or other information, the information is saved as long as no unsubscribe is received. Upon unsubscribing, personal data will be erased as soon as possible, but at the latest before the next newsletter is sent out, or one month from the received unsubscribe. If you terminate your use of our services or otherwise terminate your customer relationship with us, your personal data will be stored until they are out of date, unless special legal requirements apply, such as the Accounting Act. If it may be suspected that there may have been fraud or other improper use of the Service, we reserve the right to store this information for an extended period until the suspicions are investigated. Right to request information You have the right to request information about what personal data we process about you and in addition receive any incomplete, incorrect, outdated or insignificant information corrected, deleted or updated. If you want to know whether we process personal data about you, you can send us a signed request (see the heading Contact details below). You also have the right to refuse direct marketing from us by unsubscribing here. Contact information If you have any questions about our personal data policy or have any other question regarding our processing of your personal data, please contact us at info@dackpartner.se If you do not wish to receive information from Däckpartner or have questions about the handling of personal data, you can contact us via the email address info@dackpartner.se. We use cookies We use cookies on this site. A cookie is a small data file with text stored in your browser. There are two types of cookies, permanent and temporary ("session cookies"). Permanent cookies are stored as a file on your computer or mobile device for a certain period of time until you, or the server that sent them, deletes them. Session cookies are temporarily stored and disappear when you close your browser. How do we use cookies? We use cookies to give you as a visitor better service. Some cookies are used to collect statistics about the number of visitors to the site, while others are used to obtain information about which operating system and browser, as well as the versions of these, which visitors use, how our site is used and how we can improve it, which pages which are popular and less popular, etc. This information enables us to develop and optimize our website. The Swedish Post and Telecom Agency, which is the supervisory authority in the area, provides additional information about cookies on its website, http://www.pts.se. Website Creator The site is created in WordPress by digital agency IVEO in Stockholm. Booking & price request See all services Change workshop Choose a workshop Find a workshop We could not retrieve your location. Enter your address in the text field. Go to the workshop page Change workshop Enter your vehicle registration number Enter your registration number so that the workshop can find parts that fit your car. S We could not find your car Registration number: Tire dimensions: Continue to booking Tips & advice Extended tire period Checking the tire pressure is more important than you think! Swap in time! It's legal, but not smart! We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By using this site you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about cookies and personal privacy. I accept Don't miss news & offers Join our newsletter and get news and offers from us and our workshops! Tire Partners handles your personal information in accordance with what is stated in our Personal Information Information Enter your location or press Get my location and we will automatically retrieve your location. or Get my position Tire partner About Tire partner Become a corporate customer Press and media Contact us Intranät Däckpartner Sverige AB Gårdsvägen 2, 169 70 Solna 010-777 70 00 info@dackpartner.se Created by digital agency IVEO Latest news March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus 26 November , 2019 Tire partner chooses Black Friday October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill health October 14, 2019 Many workshops want to meet the future with growing Tire partners November 27, 2018 Tire workshop chain went against the stream during Black Friday Follow us in social media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn