Carglass Harnes: repair and replacement of windshields By continuing to browse this site, you accept the use of cookies to provide you with targeted advertising tailored to your interests, generate statistics and allow sharing on social platforms. . Find out more and configure cookies. MAKE AN APPOINTMENT CONTACT US Request a quote Find a FAQ Center Why choose Carglass®? our services our partners carglass® companies about carglass® work at carglass® discover carglass® home MENU Contact us Request a quote FAQ About Carglass® Search Home Find a Harnes Center Carglass - Harnes Carglass - Harnes 4.7 (1869 reviews) Getting there Address 199 ROUTE DE LILLE RN17 - 62440 HARNES Opening hours Monday 08:00 - 12:15 13:45 - 18:00 Tuesday 08:00 - 12:15 13:45 - 18:00 Wednesday 08: 00 - 12:15 13:45 - 18:00 Thursday 08:00 - 12:15 13:45 - 18:00 Friday 08:00 - 12:15 13:45 - 18:00 Saturday 08:00 - 12:15 13:45 - 17:00 Services available Wifi Parking The best recommendations are those of our customers STEPHANE's opinion February 13, 2020 “Perfect intervention, very good work and very friendly staff. »Perfect intervention, very good work and very friendly staff. Notice of. February 13, 2020 “Super” Super Opinion from FRANCK February 13, 2020 “Very good reception and explanations” Very good reception and explanations Opinion from CHRISTOPHE February 13, 2020 “Fast, serious. job well done ”fast, serious. job well done Opinion of BARBARA February 05, 2020 "Very good service Respect of schedules Nothing to complain about" Very good service Respect of timetables Nothing to criticize Opinion of MARTIN January 29, 2020 "Fast and efficient" Fast and efficient Opinion of CHRISTIAN On 29 January 2020 "Good" Good Notice from. January 29, 2020 "good service!" " good service! See more reviews Next availability at this center: Friday, May 15, 2020 at 8:00 am make an appointment Carglass® Centers nearby Carglass® Lievin Carglass® Noyelles Godault Carglass® Seclin Carglass® Bethune Carglass® Arras All Carglass® Centers Solutions Carglass® around you Windshield repair at: Carvin Courrières Harnes Méricourt Montigny En Gohelle Department Pas-de-Calais A broken glass, an impact or a crack? make an appointment Repair and replacement of windshields in Harnes For any windshield repair (1) in Harnes, your Carglass® center is at your disposal route de Lille (route nationale 17). In addition to its automobile glass replacement activities (headlight optics, windshields, quarter lights, side windows, panoramic roof, rear window), the team at the Carglass® center in Harnes offers certain types of routine maintenance for motor vehicles. lightweight. These are specifically for checking and, if necessary, changing the cabin filter, battery and wiper blades; these services are offered as part of a glazing intervention. And if you are looking for a Carglass® center near Annay or Loison-sous-Lens, that of Harnes is just 3 km away. If you want to increase your visibility and your driving comfort in rainy weather, ask us to apply Carglass® Rain Treatment on your windshield. You will also appreciate its effectiveness in summer, since the insects adhere less greatly facilitating cleaning (2). Almost all the glazing services offered by your Carglass® center in Harnes, can be carried out at your home (3) or any other place at your convenience. Your windshield must be replaced and your light motor vehicle is fitted with an ADAS ( advanced driver assistance system)? After replacing this glazing, the on-board camera placed on the windshield is then recalibrated dynamically (on the road) or static (in the workshop). Our experts from the Carglass® center in Harnes replace your windshield and re-configure the camera in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions. Does your car insurance policy include the "broken glass" guarantee? You do not advance any costs (4) to have a windshield repaired or to replace a car window. Do you need to be informed about this? Call our advisers (available 7 days a week) at the number displayed. They are also at your disposal to fix an appointment, which you can also make by filling out our online form. (1) If the impact is smaller than a € 2 coin and out of the driver's field of vision. (2) 88% of TCAP purchasing customers believe that the product allows better visibility in the rain, 80% of TCAP customers say the product makes it easier to clean the windshield. Study by OpinionWay for Carglass®. Online survey conducted from 06 to 13/11/18 among 188 Carglass® customers purchasing TCAP between January 2017 and September 2018, whether or not they had a glazing intervention. (3) Metropolitan France, except Corsica and unrelated islands by a bridge, excluding recalibration service. (4) Advance of costs constituting a payment period of 20 days, from the date of intervention. Applicable only to costs covered by the insurance, excluding any deductible, which must be paid in cash. Offer valid in all Carglass® centers, for repair or replacement of glazing covered by glass breakage insurance, in compliance with the contract signed by the insured. GO TO UP Our services Glass breakage Windshield Side window Rear window Replacement of headlights Wiper blades CARGLASS® anti-rain treatment Cabin filters Batteries Find a center All centers Carglass® Paris Carglass® Lyon Carglass ® Toulouse Carglass® Marseille Carglass® Nantes Carglass® Lille about carglass® Who are we? Customer Reviews Press Room Repairs Auto'House: the Carglass® blog Work at carglass® Contact us By phone Immediate reminder By email Frequently asked questions FOLLOW US Privacy policy conditions of use of the site Legal notice Cookies Site map * if the impact is smaller than a € 2 piece and out of the driver's field of vision. ** Guarantee valid for light vehicles on presentation of the invoice or other proof, and in accordance with our general conditions of sale available here © CARGLASS® and its logotype are registered trademarks of Belron Group SA and its subsidiaries. Close Forgot password Enter the email address associated with your account. You will receive a link by email to be able to reconnect. Your email * * required information An email has been sent to you to retrieve your password and define a new one. If your email associated with your account has changed or you can no longer access it, you can contact our teams 24/7 at 09 77 40 19 34 to help you restore access to your account. The information concerning you is intended for CARGLASS SAS and the companies of the BELRON Group to which CARGLASS and CARGLASS MAISON belong, as well as their service providers and partners located in or outside the European Union, for the purposes of offering or providing you Carglass services tailored to your interests or your situation. For the same purposes and subject to your choices, we may collect the location of your mobile equipment when you connect to our services and request the supply by CARGLASS in France of services requiring location data. This information will be kept by CARGLASS for the periods necessary for the purposes detailed in our Privacy Policy on www.carglass.fr. In order to improve the quality of our services and facilitate their support by our partners, your calls will be recorded. CARGLASS can then contact you. Subject to your choices, you may receive offers or participate in surveys concerning CARGLASS or its partners. You can at any time object to receiving offers from us or register on www.bloctel.gouv.fr, the list of objections to canvassing. You can also ask to access, have it forwarded to a third party, have it corrected or have your information deleted. Finally, you can specify the fate of information concerning you in the event of death. To exercise your rights with CARGLASS or contact its data protection officer, write to service.consommateurs@carglass.fr or to CARGLASS - Service Consommateurs, 107 Bvd de la Mission Marchand, 92411 Courbevoie Cedex.