Privacy policy Choffray: breakdown and towing truck +32 (0) 80 / 21.41.13 Home Garage Truck repair Welding Repair hydraulic cylinders Hydraulic hoses Breakdown Our fleet Challenges met Accident Towing Crane Telescopic crane Truck crane Handling crane Our works Breakdown constructions Constructions container carrier Various constructions Occasions Trucks Semi-trailers Others Miscellaneous Contact Guestbook Troubleshooting Choffray Home Privacy policy The site https://www.choffray.be/ may use cookies, these small elements stored on the computer of the user for various recording purposes. Our cookies may collect non-personal data, mainly relating to your navigation on the site. We use cookies to: Allow personalized navigation. These cookies allow us to recognize you and memorize the data that you have entered while browsing the site. They facilitate your navigation since they allow you not to ask you for the same information several times when you visit our site. We authorize third parties to place their cookies and web beacons on our website in the following cases: • Analyze the activity of https://www.choffray.be/. We use cookies and Google Analytics web beacons to collect information related to the activity of our site and the number of visitors. These are the tools that allow us to assess the performance of https://www.choffray.be/ in terms of navigation, and to provide you with personalized advertising messages. To illustrate our site, we can integrate videos from YouTube. When you watch these videos, YouTube may place cookies. We have no control over this operation. For more information on these cookies and to refuse the placement of these cookies, you can consult the YouTube "Privacy Policy". Local storage objects can be used by YouTube videos on our site in order to save preferences (volume control, for example). Local storage objects are different from cookies depending on the amount and type of data as well as how it is stored. To learn more about how to manage privacy and how to save settings for Flash cookies, click here. We use communication tools to share links with the social networks on which we are present. If you click on these features, the company providing them may collect your IP address, the pages you visit on our site and may place cookies when you are connected to their services. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company in question. For more information on the cookies placed by these social networks, we invite you to consult their privacy policies accessible via the following links: Microsoft Internet Explorer Google Chrome Safari Firefox Opera The rights you have over your data If you have an account or if you have left comments on the site, you can request to receive a file containing all the personal data that we have about you, including those that you have provided to us. You can also request the deletion of personal data concerning you. This does not take into account the data stored for administrative, legal or security reasons. Transmission of your personal data Visitors' comments can be checked using an automated spam detection service. Our commitment to protect your personal data We know that respecting the confidentiality of personal data is essential to maintain your trust, and we have therefore put procedures in place to protect your data against any attempt to use or disclose it. not allowed. All pages on this site are subject to Belgian and international legislation on copyright and intellectual property. Consequently, any reproduction, total or partial of this site, by any process whatsoever, must have previously obtained the authorization of the publisher of the site. Our commitment to the use of your personal data Our customers entrust us with the data that we need to establish contact and to offer them the service they specifically need - both at the time of the first contact and then at course of exchanges that may follow. This data for internal use is only used in the context of the commercial relationship. We consider ourselves to be the custodians of this data and do not sell it to outside parties. Our commitment to dialogue and transparency On request, we will provide you with a summary of all the personal data concerning you that we have in our files. We do our best to keep this data up to date. If you believe that they are incorrect or incomplete, we will quickly make the necessary corrections. You also have the right, upon request, to modify or delete your data from our database. Additional information For more information on how to manage your cookies, click on the following link: https://www.choffray.be/infocookies.php Cookies info Legal notice Privacy policy Contact Breakdown assistance V. Choffray SA is equipped with scheduled tow trucks for troubleshooting and towing all types of trucks. © 2020 Choffray s.a | Ville-du-Bois 173 6690 Vielsalm Belgium info@choffray.be | Tel: +32 (0) 80 / 21.41.13 | GSM: +32 (0) 475 / 78.22.42 | Fax: +32 (0) 80 / 21.76.36 | By Web-Visibility