Cookies: Mercedes-Benz Mercedes-Benz branch Mannheim-Heidelberg-Landau Cookies Notes on the use of cookies as well as the evaluation of usage data and the use of analysis tools We use cookies and similar software tools such as HTML5 storage or local shared objects (collectively "cookies" ) in order to recognize your usage interests and particularly popular areas of our website and to use this information to improve the design of the website and make it even more user-friendly. We use the analysis tools Adobe Analytics and Google Analytics for the same purposes; Cookies can also be used here. 1. Functions and use of cookies a. Cookies are small files that are placed on your desktop, notebook or mobile device by a website that you visit. From this we can e.g. recognize whether there has already been a connection between your device and our website, or which language or other settings you prefer. Cookies can also contain personal data. b. By using our website, you consent to the use of cookies. You can also visit our website without consenting to the use of cookies. I.e. You can reject the use and delete cookies at any time by making the appropriate settings on your device. This is done as follows: i. Most browsers are preset to automatically accept cookies. You can change this setting by activating the * Do not accept cookies * setting in your browser. ii. You can delete existing cookies at any time. You can find out how this works in detail in the instructions of your browser or device manufacturer. iii. Information on deactivating Local Shared Objects can be found under the following link: Information on deactivating Local Shared Objects iv. Like the use of cookies, their rejection or deletion is linked to the device used and also to the browser used. You must therefore reject or delete the cookies for each of your devices and, if you use several browsers, for each browser separately. c. If you decide against the use of cookies, it is possible that not all functions of our website or individual functions are only available to a limited extent. d. We divide cookies into the following categories: i. Strictly necessary cookies (type 1) These cookies are essential for the functions of the website. Without these cookies we could e.g. Do not offer services such as the vehicle configurator. ii. Function cookies (type 2) These cookies facilitate operation and improve the functions of the website. We save e.g. Your language settings in function cookies. iii. Performance cookies (type 3) These cookies collect information about how you use our website. This enables us to recognize which parts of our website are particularly popular and in this way to improve our offer for you. Please also read the section "Evaluation of usage data". iv. Third party cookies (type 4) These cookies set third parties, e.g. Social networks such as Facebook, Twitter and Google+, the content of which you can integrate via the "social plug-ins" offered on our website. More information on the use and function of the social plug-ins can be found in section. 4 of our data protection information. Privacy Policy General Cookies Cookie Name Description Cookie Type cookiePolicy This cookie indicates that you consent to the use of cookies on our site. It is set when you close the "Use of Cookies" notice layer. Type 2 daimler-bfs.persistentSearch This cookie saves the search parameters you entered for the search for new / used vehicles. Without this cookie, your search parameters will not be saved and you will have to re-enter the parameters when you start searching. Type 2 daimler-bfs.recentlyViewedVehicles This cookie saves the vehicles you viewed in the new / used vehicle search. Without this cookie, you can no longer track previously viewed vehicles. Type 2 daimler-bfs.vehicleComparison This cookie saves the vehicles you have selected for comparison in the new / used vehicle search. Without this cookie, a comparison of several vehicles cannot be carried out. Type 2 emb_cis_ * This cookie indicates that you agree to the use of cookies on our website. It is set when you close the "Use of Cookies" notice layer. Type 2 HighBandwidth $ ms_externalFlash These cookies contain information about which version of Adobe Flash Player is installed on a device and what bandwidth is available. This way we can offer multimedia content according to your individual system requirements and avoid long loading times. Type 3 JSESSIONID This cookie is set by an external server that supplies card data. It stores the session ID, which bundles several related requests to the server and assigns them to a session. Type 1 JSESSIONID This cookie is set by an external server that supplies card data. It stores the session ID, which bundles several related requests to the server and assigns them to a session. Type 4 model This cookie saves the vehicle model that you last viewed. In this way, we can inform you of model-specific content on your next visit in accordance with your interests. Type 2 PHPSESSID This cookie is generated automatically and contains no personal data. This cookie is only stored on our website for the duration of your stay and is automatically deleted when the browser is closed. Type 2 psyma_participation This functional cookie serves to avoid double invitations to the user survey (Psyma) when visiting this website multiple times. Type 2 sr_voc sr_voc_path These cookies contain information about which Mercedes-Benz van model a user last put together in the configurator. This data is displayed on the information pages of the respective model and enables the configuration to be continued at a later time. Type 2 s_cc s_sq s_vi s_cpc s_ria s_sv_sid amcv_ ADRUM gapv_c62 s_ppv / s_ppvi These cookies store information about how visitors use our website and thus help us to continuously develop our website according to your interests. Type 3 sr_embvs sr_embvs_path These cookies contain information about which Mercedes-Benz car model a user has recently put together in the configurator. This data is displayed on the information pages of the respective model and enables the configuration to be continued at a later time. Type 2 unit Our website contains information on all Mercedes-Benz products and services. This cookie saves the division that you last visited. With this information, we can direct you to the product pages you are interested in the next time you visit. Type 2 2. Evaluation of usage data; Use of analysis tools a. We would like to tailor the content of our website as precisely as possible to your interests and thus improve our offer for you. In order to identify usage preferences and particularly popular areas of the website, we use the following analysis tool (s): Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics. b. When using these analysis tools, data can be transferred to servers located in the USA and processed there. Please note the following: In the USA, from the European Union's point of view, there is no “adequate level of protection” for the processing of personal data that complies with EU standards. However, this level of protection can be achieved for individual companies by certification according to the so-called “EU-U.S. Privacy Shield ”to be replaced. c. If you do not want us to collect and evaluate information about your visit to our website using the analysis tools mentioned, you can object to this at any time in the future ("opt-out"). We implement your objection by setting an opt-out cookie in your browser. This cookie is only used to assign your objection. Please note that for technical reasons, an opt-out cookie only works in the browser in which it was set. If you delete the cookies or use a different browser or a different end device, please perform the opt-out again. d. Below you will find information on the providers of the analysis tools we use and the respective opt-out option: i. Google Inc. ("Google"): Google is after the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield certified. You can prevent the transfer of your data and their collection and processing by Google. Google provides information about this via the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de ii. Adobe Systems Inc. ("Adobe") Adobe is after the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield certified. To object to an evaluation by the Adobe Analytics product, you can follow this link: http://www.adobe.com/de/privacy/opt-out.html