Imprint Company profile our team New cars Used cars Boat engines Financing Contact Directions Imprint and data protection declaration Responsibility for the presentation of the website: Jürgen BlumIm Estlikofer 478479 ReichenauTelefon: 07534 / 7241Fax: 07534 / 1598E-Mail: info@auto-blum.de Commercial register: HRA 380775 DE 245145492 Managing Director: Jürgen Blum Contents of the homepage The author assumes no responsibility for the topicality, correctness, completeness or quality of the information provided. Liability claims against the author, which relate to material or immaterial damage caused by the use or non-use of the information provided or by the use of incorrect and incomplete information, are fundamentally excluded. All offers are non-binding. The author expressly reserves the right to change, supplement or delete parts of the pages or the entire offer without separate announcement, or to temporarily or permanently cease publication. References and links We have placed links to other sites on the Internet. The following applies to all of these links: We would like to emphasize that we have no influence whatsoever on the content or design of the pages. We therefore hereby expressly distance ourselves from all content on all pages that are linked from our pages. We do not adopt the content of these pages as our own. This declaration applies to all links on our pages and to the content of all pages to which the links lead. Copyright and trademark law The author endeavors to observe the copyrights of the graphics and texts used in all publications, to use graphics and texts created by himself or to use license-free graphics and texts. All brands and trademarks mentioned on the homepage and possibly protected by third parties are subject without restriction to the provisions of the applicable trademark law and the ownership rights of the respective registered owner. The mere mention does not mean that trademarks are not protected by the rights of third parties! The copyright for published objects created by the author remains solely with the author of the pages. Duplication or use of such graphics and texts in other electronic or printed publications is not permitted without the express consent of the author. Legal validity of this disclaimer This disclaimer is to be regarded as part of the internet publication which you were referred from. If parts or individual formulations of this text should not, no longer or not completely correspond to the applicable legal situation, the remaining parts of the document remain unaffected in their content and validity. Data protection declaration We are very pleased that you are interested in our company. Use of the website is generally possible without providing any personal data. If a data subject wishes to use our company's special services via our website, processing of personal data may be necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no legal basis for such processing, we generally obtain the consent of the data subject. The processing of personal data, for example the name, address, email address or telephone number of a data subject, is always carried out in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation and in accordance with the applicable country-specific data protection regulations. With this data protection declaration, our company would like to inform the public about the type, scope and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Data subjects are also informed about their rights by means of this data protection declaration. We have implemented numerous technical and organizational measures for processing to ensure the most complete protection possible for the personal data processed via this website. Nevertheless, Internet-based data transmissions can generally have security gaps, so that absolute protection cannot be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transmit personal data to us in alternative ways, for example by telephone. Name and address of the person responsible for processing within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation, other data protection laws applicable in the member states of the European Union and other provisions with data protection character is: Jürgen Blum Im Estlikofer 478479 Reichenau Telephone: 07534/7241 Fax: 07534/1598 E-Mail: info @ auto-blum.de Collection of general data and information Our internet server collects a series of general data and information each time the website is accessed by a data subject or an automated system. This general data and information is stored in the server's log files. The browser types and versions used, the operating system used by the accessing system, the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrer), the sub-websites which are accessed via an accessing system on our website, the date and the time of access to the website, an Internet protocol address (IP address), the Internet service provider of the accessing system and (8) other similar data and information that can be used to prevent danger in the event of attacks on our information technology systems serve. When using this general data and information, we do not draw any conclusions about the person concerned. Rather, this information is required to deliver the content of our website correctly, to optimize the content of our website and the advertising for it, to ensure the long-term functionality of our information technology systems and the technology of our website, and to help law enforcement authorities in the event of a cyber attack who are required to prosecute Provide information. This anonymously collected data and information is therefore statistically evaluated by us on the one hand and also with the aim of increasing data protection and data security in our company in order to ultimately ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject. Due to legal regulations, our website contains information that enables quick electronic contact to our company and direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (email address). If a data subject contacts the data controller by email or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject will be automatically saved. Such data transmitted voluntarily by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purposes of processing or contacting the data subject. This personal data will not be passed on to third parties. If you send us inquiries via the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the inquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. We will not pass on this data without your consent. To prevent unauthorized access by third parties to your personal data, the connection is encrypted using SSL technology. If you use the inquiry form to submit your data for an offer listed in this directory, this data will be forwarded to the respective provider so that he can answer your request. Your information from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be saved for the purpose of processing the inquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. The responsibility for the data transmitted to the respective provider lies in the area of ​​responsibility of the respective provider. The data you enter in the request form will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory legal provisions - especially retention periods remain unaffected. External links The advertisements contain links to external websites of the hosts. If you access this link on another website, the data protection information of the respective host applies. These can deviate from our data protection declaration. Information / revocation / deletion You can contact us free of charge on the basis of the Federal Data Protection Act if you have any questions about the collection, processing or use of your personal data and their correction, blocking, deletion or revocation of a given consent. We would like to point out that you have the right to correct incorrect data or delete personal data if there is no legal obligation to retain this right. Use of Google MapsWe use the "Google Maps" component from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter referred to as "Google" on our website. Each time the "Google Maps" component is called up Google sets a cookie to process user settings and data when the page on which the "Google Maps" component is integrated is displayed. As a rule, this cookie is not deleted by closing the browser, but expires after a certain period of time, unless you delete it manually beforehand. If you do not consent to this processing of your data, you have the option of deactivating the "Google Maps" service and preventing the transmission of data to Google in this way. To do this, you must deactivate the Java Script function in your browser. However, we would like to point out that in this case you cannot use the "Google Maps" or only to a limited extent. The use of "Google Maps" and the information obtained via "Google Maps" is in accordance with the Google terms of use and the additional terms and conditions for ?? Google Maps “legal basis of processing Art. 6 I lit. a GDPR serves our company as the legal basis for processing operations in which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party, as is the case, for example, with processing operations that are necessary for the delivery of goods or the provision of any other service or consideration, the processing is based on Art. 6 I lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations that are necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures, for example in cases of inquiries about our products or services. If our company is subject to a legal obligation that requires the processing of personal data, such as to fulfill tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6 I lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor to our company were injured and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information had to be passed on to a doctor, a hospital or other third parties. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6 I lit. d GDPR are based. Ultimately, processing operations could be based on Art. 6 I lit. f GDPR. Processing operations that are not covered by any of the aforementioned legal bases are based on this legal basis if processing is necessary to safeguard a legitimate interest of our company or a third party, provided that the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not outweigh them. Such processing operations are permitted to us in particular because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. In this regard, he took the view that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a customer of the person responsible (recital 47 sentence 2 GDPR). Legitimate interests in the processing that are pursued by the person responsible or a third party The processing of personal data is based on Article 6 I lit. f GDPR is our legitimate interest in carrying out our business for the benefit of all our employees and our shareholders. Duration for which the personal data is stored The criterion for the duration of the storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After the deadline has expired, the corresponding data will be routinely deleted, provided that it is no longer required to fulfill or initiate a contract. Legal or contractual regulations for the provision of personal data; Necessity for the conclusion of the contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of not providing. We inform you that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual regulations (e.g. information about the contracting party). Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that a data subject provides us with personal data that we subsequently have to process. For example, the data subject is obliged to provide us with personal data if our company concludes a contract with them. Failure to provide personal data would result in the contract not being concluded with the person concerned. Before the data subject provides personal data, the data subject must contact one of our employees. Our employee clarifies the person concerned on a case-by-case basis whether the provision of personal data is required by law or contract or is required for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of not providing the personal data. We reserve the right to adapt this data protection declaration so that it always corresponds to the current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the data protection declaration, e.g. when introducing new services. The new data protection declaration then applies to your next visit. Blum dealership At the Estlikofer 4 ?? 78479 Reichenau ?? Telephone: 07534/7241 ?? Email: info@auto-blum.de ?? Imprint Data Protection