Privacy Policy Nabholz You are here: HomePrivacy Car Vehicle Service Services Tires & Rims Configurator Wheel Search Services Tire Repair Leasing & Service Square Service Square Service Promise Network and Outlets Contact Persons & Links Fleets and Fleet Mobile Fitting Tire Management Tire Rental Vehicle Management Motorcycle Tires Motorcycle and Tire Service Services All about bike bikers -News Biker tips for commercial vehicles Transporters <3.5t 24h mobile service services repair truck & bus 24h mobile service services repair & vulcanization earthmoving machines & AS 24h mobile service services repair & vulcanization industry services mobile press service tires with plus guarantee Your benefits Products Warranty Company News Jobs & Careers Job Opportunities Training Internship Branch Finder Nuremberg East Nuremberg Port Weißenburg Freising Erding Eching Unterföhring Oberschleißheim Karlsfeld Germering Herrsching Munich-Graefelfing Munich-Sendling Munich-Haidhausen Munich-Trudering Parsdorf Miesbach Garmisch-Partenkirchen Forstenried Hirschgarten Head Office Reviews Wiki About Us Contact Car Vehicle Service Services Tires & Rims Configurator Wheel Search Services Tire Repair Leasing & Service Square Service Square Service Promise Network and Outlets Contact Person & Links Fleets and Fleet Mobile Fitting Tire Management Tire Rental Vehicle Management Motorcycle Tires Motorcycle and Tire Service Services All about bikes Biker news Biker tips Commercial vehicles Transporters <3.5t 24h mobile service Services repair truck & bus 24h mobile service services Repair & vulcanization Earthmoving machines & AS 24h mobile service Services repair & vulcanization Industry services mobile press service Tires with a plus guarantee Your benefits Products Warranty Company Current jobs & Career Vacancies Training Internship Branch Finder Nuremberg East Nuremberg Port Weißenburg Freising Erding Eching Unterföhring Oberschleißheim Karlsfeld Germering Herrsching Munich-Graefelfing Munich-Sendling Munich-Haidhausen Munich-Trudering Parsdorf Miesbach Garmisch-Partenkirchen Forstenried Hirschgarten Head Office Reviews Wiki About Us Contact Privacy Policy / Data Protection Declaration Responsible: Fa .: Michael Nabholz, Heinrich Nabholz Autoreifen GmbH Street no .: Lochhamer Schlag 15 postcode, town, country: 82166 Graefelfing Commercial register / no .: Munich District Court, HRB 8114 Managing Director: Michael Nabholz, Gerd Stubenvoll Tel: +49 89/85 80 1-0 Fax: +49 89/85 80 1-19 E-Mail: mails@nabholz.de Data protection officer: Name / company: Till Gerhard Street No .: Lochhamer Schlag 15 Postcode, town, country: 82166 Graefelfing Email address: Datenschutz@nabholz.de as of: 08.05.2018 Basic information on data processing and legal bases This Da The declaration of protection clarifies the nature, scope and purpose of the processing of personal data within our online offer and the websites, functions and contents associated with it (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "online offer" or "website"). The data protection declaration applies regardless of the domains, systems, platforms and devices used (e.g. desktop or mobile) on which the online offer is executed. The terminology used, e.g. "Personal data" or their "processing" we refer to the definitions in Art. 4 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The personal data of users processed in the context of this online offer include inventory data (e.g., names and addresses of customers), contract data (e.g., services used, names of clerks, payment information), usage data (e.g., the websites of our online offer visited, interest on our products) and content data (e.g., entries in the contact form). The term “user” encompasses all categories of data subjects. They include our business partners, customers, interested parties and other visitors to our online offer. The terminology used, e.g. “Users” are to be understood as gender-neutral. We only process users' personal data in compliance with the relevant data protection regulations. This means that the data of the users are only processed if there is legal permission. Ie, especially if the data processing for the provision of our contractual services (e.g. processing orders) as well as online services is required or is legally required, the consent of the user is available, as well as based on our legitimate interests (i.e. interest in analysis, optimization and economic operation and security of our online offer within the meaning of Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR, in particular when measuring reach, creating profiles for advertising and marketing purposes, and collecting access data and using third-party services. that the legal basis for consent is Article 6 (1) (a) and Article 7 GDPR, the legal basis for processing to perform our services and the implementation of contractual measures is Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR, the legal basis for Processing to fulfill our legal obligations Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. c GDPR, and di e Legal basis for processing to protect our legitimate interests Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR is. Security measures We take state-of-the-art organizational, contractual and technical security measures to ensure that the provisions of data protection laws are complied with and to protect the data processed by us against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction or against access by unauthorized persons . The security measures include, in particular, the encrypted transmission of data between your browser and our server. Disclosure of data to third parties and third-party providers Disclosure of data to third parties only takes place within the framework of the legal requirements. We only pass on user data to third parties if, for example, on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b) GDPR is required for contractual purposes or based on legitimate interests in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR for the economic and effective operation of our business. If we use subcontractors to provide our services, we take appropriate legal precautions and appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure the protection of personal data in accordance with the relevant legal regulations. If content, tools or other means from other providers (hereinafter collectively referred to as "third-party providers") are used within the scope of this data protection declaration and their registered office is located in a third country, it can be assumed that data will be transferred to the home countries of the third-party providers. Third countries are countries in which the GDPR is not an immediately applicable law, i.e. basically countries outside the EU or the European Economic Area. The transmission of data to third countries takes place either if there is an adequate level of data protection, user consent or other legal permission. Provision of contractual services We process inventory data (e.g., names and addresses and contact details of users), contract data (e.g., services used, names of contact persons, payment information) in order to fulfill our contractual obligations and services in accordance with. Art. 6 para. 1 lit b. GDPR. Users can optionally create a user account, in particular by viewing their orders. As part of the registration, the required mandatory information is communicated to the users. The user accounts are not public and cannot be indexed by search engines. If users have terminated their user account, their data will be deleted with regard to the user account, subject to their retention for commercial or tax law reasons in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. c GDPR necessary. It is the responsibility of the users to back up their data before termination of the contract if the contract is terminated. We are entitled to irretrievably delete all user data stored during the contract period. As part of the registration and renewed registration and use of our online services, the IP address and the time of the respective user action will be saved. The storage takes place on the basis of our legitimate interests, as well as the user's protection against misuse and other unauthorized use. This data is not passed on to third parties, unless it is necessary to pursue our claims or there is a legal obligation to do so in accordance with. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR. We process usage data (e.g., the visited websites of our online offer, interest in our products) and content data (e.g., entries in the contact form or user profile) for advertising purposes in a user profile to provide the user with e.g. Show product information based on your previously used services. Establishing contact When contacting us (via contact form or e-mail), the information provided by the user for processing the contact request and processing it in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR processed. The information provided by users can be stored in our customer relationship management system ("CRM system") or a comparable request organization. Comments and contributions If users leave comments or other contributions, their IP addresses will be based on our legitimate interests within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR saved for 7 days. This is done for our security, if someone leaves illegal content in comments and contributions (insults, forbidden political propaganda, etc.). In this case we can be sued for the comment or contribution and are therefore interested in the identity of the author. Collection of access data and log files We collect on the basis of our legitimate interests within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR data about every access to the server on which this service is located (so-called server log files). The access data includes the name of the website accessed, file, date and time of access, amount of data transferred, notification of successful access, browser type and version, the user's operating system, referrer URL (the previously visited page), IP address and the requesting provider . For security reasons (e.g. to investigate misuse or fraud), log file information is stored for a maximum of seven days and then deleted. Data whose further storage is necessary for evidence purposes are excluded from deletion until the respective incident has been finally clarified. Cookies & range measurement Cookies are information that is transmitted from our web server or third-party web servers to the user's web browser and stored there for later retrieval. Cookies can be small files or other types of information storage. We use "session cookies", which are only stored on our online presence for the duration of the current visit (e.g. to enable the storage of your login status or the shopping cart function and thus the use of our online offer at all). A randomly generated unique identification number, a so-called session ID, is stored in a session cookie. A cookie also contains information about its origin and the storage period. These cookies cannot save any other data. Session cookies are deleted when you have finished using our online offer and e.g. log out or close the browser. Users are informed about the use of cookies in the context of pseudonymous range measurement in the context of this data protection declaration. If users do not want cookies to be stored on their computer, they are asked to deactivate the corresponding option in the system settings of their browser. Stored cookies can be deleted in the system settings of the browser. The exclusion of cookies can lead to functional restrictions of this online offer. You can use cookies that are used for range measurement and advertising purposes on the deactivation page of the network advertising initiative (http://optout.networkadvertising.org/) and also on the US website (http://www.aboutads.info/choices) ) or the European website (http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices/). Please note the requirements when using Google Analytics: IP anonymization must be active support.google.com/analytics/answer/2905384; 2.) and the "Addendum to data processing" must be accepted in the administration area of ​​Google Analytics. Google Analytics We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google") based on our legitimate interests (ie interest in the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer within the meaning of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. GDPR). ) a. Google uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about the use of the online offer by the user is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thereby offers a guarantee to comply with European data protection law (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active). Google will use this information on our behalf to evaluate the use of our online offer by users, to compile reports on the activities within this online offer and to provide us with other services related to the use of this online offer and the internet. Pseudonymous user profiles can be created from the processed data. We use Google Analytics to only display the advertisements placed within the advertising services of Google and its partners to those users who have shown an interest in our online offer or the specific characteristics (e.g. interests in certain topics or products based on the visited Websites determined) that we transmit to Google (so-called "remarketing" or "Google Analytics audiences"). With the help of remarketing audiences, we would also like to ensure that our advertisements correspond to the potential interest of the users and are not annoying. We only use Google Analytics with activated IP anonymization. This means that the IP address of the user is shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The full IP address is only transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. The IP address transmitted by the user's browser is not merged with other Google data. The users can prevent the storage of cookies by setting their browser software accordingly; Users can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to their use of the online offer and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: tools.google.com / dlpage / gaoptout; You can find further information on the use of data by Google, setting and objection options on the Google website: www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/partners ("Use of data by Google when using websites or Apps from our partners ”), www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads (“ Use of data for advertising purposes ”), www.google.de/settings/ads (“ Manage information that Google uses to show you advertising ”). Google Re / Marketing Services We use the marketing and remarketing services (based on our legitimate interests (ie interest in the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer within the meaning of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. "Google Marketing Services" for short) from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, ("Google"). Google is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus offers a guarantee to comply with European data protection law (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active). The Google Marketing Services allow us to display advertisements for and on our website in a more targeted manner in order to only present users with advertisements that potentially correspond to their interests. If a user e.g. Displaying advertisements for products that he was interested in on other websites is referred to as "remarketing". For these purposes, when you visit our and other websites on which Google marketing services are active, Google immediately executes a code from Google and so-called (re) marketing tags (invisible graphics or code, also called "web") Beacons ") in the website. With their help, an individual cookie, i.e. a small file is saved (comparable technologies can be used instead of cookies). Cookies can be set by various domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, invitemedia.com, admeld.com, googlesyndication.com or googleadservices.com. This file notes which websites the user visits, what content he is interested in and which offers he has clicked on, as well as technical information on the browser and operating system, referring websites, time of visit and other information on the use of the online offer. The IP address of the user is also recorded, whereby we inform Google Analytics that the IP address is shortened within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area and only in exceptional cases entirely to one Google servers in the USA and shortened there. The IP address is not merged with user data within other Google offers. The above-mentioned information can also be linked by Google to such information from other sources. If the user subsequently visits other websites, the ads tailored to his interests can be displayed. The user data is processed pseudonymously as part of the Google marketing services. I.e. Google stores and processes e.g. not the name or email address of the user, but processes the relevant data cookie-related within pseudonymous user profiles. I.e. From Google's perspective, the ads are not managed and displayed for a specifically identified person, but for the cookie holder, regardless of who this cookie holder is. This does not apply if a user has expressly allowed Google to process the data without this pseudonymization. The information collected by Google Marketing Services about users is transmitted to Google and stored on Google's servers in the United States. The Google marketing services we use include the online advertising program "Google AdWords". In the case of Google AdWords, each AdWords customer receives a different "conversion cookie". Cookies cannot therefore be tracked via the websites of AdWords customers. The information obtained using the cookie is used to create conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. AdWords customers find out the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, you will not receive any information that can be used to personally identify users. We can integrate third-party advertisements based on the Google marketing service "DoubleClick". DoubleClick uses cookies that enable Google and its partner websites to place ads based on visits by users to this website or other websites on the Internet. We can integrate third-party advertisements based on the Google marketing service "AdSense". AdSense uses cookies that enable Google and its partner websites to place ads based on users' visits to this website or other websites on the Internet. We can also use the "Google Optimizer" service. Google Optimizer allows us to understand how various changes to a website affect (e.g. changes to the input fields, design, etc.) as part of so-called "A / B testing". Cookies are placed on users' devices for these test purposes. Only pseudonymous user data is processed. We can also use the "Google Tag Manager" to integrate and manage the Google analysis and marketing services in our website. Further information on the use of data by Google for marketing purposes can be found on the overview page: www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads, Google's data protection declaration can be found at www.google.com/policies/privacy. If you would like to object to interest-based advertising by Google Marketing Services, you can use the setting and opt-out options provided by Google: www.google.com/ads/preferences.&nbsp;Facebook Social Plugins We use on the basis of our legitimate interests (ie interest in the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer within the meaning of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. GDPR) Social Plugins ("Plugins") of the social network facebook.com, which is operated by Facebook Ireland Ltd ., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbor, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Facebook"). The plugins can represent interaction elements or content (eg videos, graphics or text contributions) and can be recognized by one of the Facebook logos (white "f" on blue tile, the terms "Like", "Like" or a "thumbs up" sign ) or are marked with the addition "Facebook Social Plugin". The list and the appearance of the Facebook social plugins can be viewed here: developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.&nbsp; Facebook is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus offers a guarantee to comply with European data protection law (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active). When a user calls up a function of this online offer that contains such a plugin, his device establishes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plug-in is transmitted from Facebook directly to the user's device, which integrates it into the online offer. User profiles of the users can be created from the processed data. We therefore have no influence on the scope of the data that Facebook collects with the help of this plugin and therefore informs the users according to our level of knowledge. By integrating the plugins, Facebook receives the information that a user has called up the corresponding page of the online offer. If the user is logged into Facebook, Facebook can assign the visit to their Facebook account. If users interact with the plugins, for example by pressing the Like button or leaving a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from your device directly to Facebook and stored there. If a user is not a member of Facebook, there is still the possibility that Facebook will find out and save his IP address. According to Facebook, only an anonymized IP address is saved in Germany. The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook as well as the related rights and setting options for protecting the privacy of users can be found in Facebook's data protection information: www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.&nbsp;If If a user is a Facebook member and does not want Facebook to collect data about him via this online offer and link it to his member data stored on Facebook, he must log out of Facebook before using our online offer and delete his cookies. Further settings and contradictions regarding the use of data for advertising purposes are possible within the Facebook profile settings: www.facebook.com/settings or via the US website www.aboutads.info/choices/ or the EU website www.youronlinechoices. com. The settings are platform independent, i.e. they are adopted for all devices, such as desktop computers or mobile devices. Facebook, custom audiences and Facebook marketing services Within our online offer, based on our legitimate interests in analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer and for these purposes, the so-called "Facebook pixel" of the social network Facebook, which is operated by Facebook Inc ., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA, or if you are based in the EU, Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbor, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Facebook"), used. Facebook is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus offers a guarantee to comply with European data protection law (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active). With the help of the Facebook pixel, Facebook is able, on the one hand, to determine the visitors to our online offer as a target group for the display of advertisements (so-called "Facebook ads"). Accordingly, we use the Facebook pixel to only display the Facebook ads we have placed to those Facebook users who have shown an interest in our online offer or who have certain characteristics (e.g. interests in certain topics or products based on the number of visitors visited Websites determined) that we transmit to Facebook (so-called "custom audiences"). With the help of the Facebook pixel, we would also like to ensure that our Facebook ads correspond to the potential interest of the users and do not have a nuisance. With the help of the Facebook pixel, we can also understand the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users were forwarded to our website after clicking on a Facebook ad (so-called "conversion"). The Facebook pixel is directly integrated by Facebook when you visit our website and can have a so-called cookie on your device, i.e. save a small file. If you then log in to Facebook or visit Facebook while logged in, your visit to our online offering will be noted in your profile. The data collected about you is anonymous to us, so it does not provide us with any conclusions about the identity of the user. However, the data is stored and processed by Facebook, so that a connection to the respective user profile is possible and can be used by Facebook and for its own market research and advertising purposes. If we should transmit data to Facebook for comparison purposes, it is encrypted locally on the browser and only then sent to Facebook via a secure https connection. This is done solely for the purpose of comparing it with the data that is equally encrypted by Facebook. Furthermore, when using the Facebook pixel, we use the additional function "extended comparison" (data such as telephone numbers, email addresses or Facebook IDs of the users) to form target groups ("Custom Audiences" or "Look Alike Audiences") Facebook (encrypted) transmitted. Further information on the "extended comparison": www.facebook.com/business/help/611774685654668).&nbsp;Also based on our legitimate interests, we use the "Custom Audiences from File" procedure of the social network Facebook, Inc. In this case the email addresses of the newsletter recipients are uploaded to Facebook. The upload process is encrypted. The upload only serves to determine the recipients of our Facebook ads. We want to ensure that the ads are only shown to users who are interested in our information and services. The processing of the data by Facebook takes place within the framework of Facebook's data usage guidelines. Accordingly, general information on the display of Facebook ads, in the data usage policy of Facebook: www.facebook.com/policy.php. Special information and details about the Facebook pixel and how it works can be found in the help section of Facebook: www.facebook.com/business/help/651294705016616.&nbsp;You can use the Facebook pixel to record and use your data to display Facebook Ads contradict. To set which types of advertisements are displayed to you on Facebook, you can call up the page set up by Facebook and there follow the instructions on the settings for usage-based advertising: www.facebook.com/settings. The settings are platform independent, i.e. they are adopted for all devices, such as desktop computers or mobile devices. To prevent your data from being recorded on our website using the Facebook pixel, please click the following link: Facebook opt-out Note: If you click the link, an "opt-out" cookie will be saved on your device. If you delete the cookies in this browser, you must click the link again. Furthermore, the opt-out only applies within the browser you are using and only within our web domain to which the link was clicked. You can also use cookies that are used for range measurement and advertising purposes via the deactivation page of the network advertising initiative (http://optout.networkadvertising.org/) and also the US website (http://www.aboutads.info/ choices) or the European website (http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices/). ETracker On the websites termin.nabholz.de and nabholz.de, technologies of etracker GmbH (www.etracker.de) collect and save data in anonymous form for marketing and optimization purposes. From this data, user profiles are created under a pseudonym. Cookies can be used for this purpose, but collect and store data only in pseudonymous form. The data is not used to personally identify the visitor to this website and is not combined with data about the bearer of the pseudonym. Newsletter With the following information, we will clarify the content of our newsletter as well as the registration, shipping and statistical evaluation procedures as well as your right to object. By subscribing to our newsletter, you agree to the receipt and the procedures described. Content of the newsletter: We send newsletters, e-mails and other electronic notifications with advertising information (hereinafter "newsletter") only with the consent of the recipient or with a legal permission. Insofar as the content of a newsletter is specifically described, it is decisive for the consent of the user. Our newsletters also contain information about our products, offers, promotions and our company. Double opt-in and logging: The registration for our newsletter takes place in a so-called double opt-in procedure. I.e. After registering, you will receive an email asking you to confirm your registration. This confirmation is necessary so that no one can register with someone else's email address. The registrations for the newsletter are logged in order to be able to demonstrate the registration process in accordance with the legal requirements. This includes storing the time of registration and confirmation, as well as the IP address. Changes to your data stored with the shipping service provider are also logged. Shipping service provider: The newsletter is sent by CleverReach GmbH & Co. KG, Mühlenstr. 43, 26180 Rastede, hereinafter referred to as "shipping service provider". You can view the data protection regulations of the shipping service provider here: www.cleverreach.com/de/datenschutz/.&nbsp;Shipping service provider: The newsletter is sent using "MailChimp", a newsletter sending platform from the US provider Rocket Science Group, LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave NE # 5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA. You can view the data protection regulations of the shipping service provider here: mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/. The Rocket Science Group LLC d / b / a MailChimp is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus offers a guarantee to comply with the European data protection level (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TO6hAAG&status=Active). Furthermore, the shipping service provider can provide this data in pseudonymous form, i.e. use without assignment to a user, to optimize or improve their own services, e.g. to technically optimize the dispatch and presentation of the newsletter or for statistical purposes to determine which countries the recipients come from. However, the shipping service provider does not use the data of our newsletter recipients to write to them or pass them on to third parties. Registration data: To register for the newsletter, it is sufficient to provide your email address. Optionally, we ask you to enter a name in the newsletter for a personal address. Statistical survey and analysis - The newsletters contain a so-called "web beacon", i.e. eine pixelgroße Datei, die beim Öffnen des Newsletters von dem Server des Versanddienstleisters abgerufen wird. Im Rahmen dieses Abrufs werden zunächst technische Informationen, wie Informationen zum Browser und Ihrem System, als auch Ihre IP-Adresse und Zeitpunkt des Abrufs erhoben. Diese Informationen werden zur technischen Verbesserung der Services anhand der technischen Daten oder der Zielgruppen und ihres Leseverhaltens anhand derer Abruforte (die mit Hilfe der IP-Adresse bestimmbar sind) oder der Zugriffszeiten genutzt. Zu den statistischen Erhebungen gehört ebenfalls die Feststellung, ob die Newsletter geöffnet werden, wann sie geöffnet werden und welche Links geklickt werden. Diese Informationen können aus technischen Gründen zwar den einzelnen Newsletterempfängern zugeordnet werden. Es ist jedoch weder unser Bestreben, noch das des Versanddienstleisters, einzelne Nutzer zu beobachten. Die Auswertungen dienen uns viel mehr dazu, die Lesegewohnheiten unserer Nutzer zu erkennen und unsere Inhalte auf sie anzupassen oder unterschiedliche Inhalte entsprechend den Interessen unserer Nutzer zu versenden. Der Einsatz des Versanddienstleisters, Durchführung der statistischen Erhebungen und Analysen sowie Protokollierung des Anmeldeverfahrens, erfolgen auf Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen gem. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Unser Interesse richtet sich auf den Einsatz eines nutzerfreundlichen sowie sicheren Newslettersystems, das sowohl unseren geschäftlichen Interessen dient, als auch den Erwartungen der Nutzer entspricht. Kündigung/Widerruf - Sie können den Empfang unseres Newsletters jederzeit kündigen, d.h. Ihre Einwilligungen widerrufen. Damit erlöschen gleichzeitig Ihre Einwilligungen in dessen Versand durch den Versanddienstleister und die statistischen Analysen. Ein getrennter Widerruf des Versandes durch den Versanddienstleister oder die statistische Auswertung ist leider nicht möglich. Einen Link zur Kündigung des Newsletters finden Sie am Ende eines jeden Newsletters. Wenn die Nutzer sich nur zum Newsletter angemeldet und diese Anmeldung gekündigt haben, werden ihre personenbezogenen Daten gelöscht.Einbindung von Diensten und Inhalten Dritter  	Wir setzen innerhalb unseres Onlineangebotes auf Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen (d.h. Interesse an der Analyse, Optimierung und wirtschaftlichem Betrieb unseres Onlineangebotes im Sinne des Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f. DSGVO) Inhalts- oder Serviceangebote von Drittanbietern ein, um deren Inhalte und Services, wie z.B. Videos oder Schriftarten einzubinden (nachfolgend einheitlich bezeichnet als “Inhalte”). Dies setzt immer voraus, dass die Drittanbieter dieser Inhalte, die IP-Adresse der Nutzer wahrnehmen, da sie ohne die IP-Adresse die Inhalte nicht an deren Browser senden könnten. Die IP-Adresse ist damit für die Darstellung dieser Inhalte erforderlich. Wir bemühen uns nur solche Inhalte zu verwenden, deren jeweilige Anbieter die IP-Adresse lediglich zur Auslieferung der Inhalte verwenden. Drittanbieter können ferner so genannte Pixel-Tags (unsichtbare Grafiken, auch als "Web Beacons" bezeichnet) für statistische oder Marketingzwecke verwenden. Durch die "Pixel-Tags" können Informationen, wie der Besucherverkehr auf den Seiten dieser Website ausgewertet werden. Die pseudonymen Informationen können ferner in Cookies auf dem Gerät der Nutzer gespeichert werden und unter anderem technische Informationen zum Browser und Betriebssystem, verweisende Webseiten, Besuchszeit sowie weitere Angaben zur Nutzung unseres Onlineangebotes enthalten, als auch mit solchen Informationen aus anderen Quellen verbunden werden können. Die nachfolgende Darstellung bietet eine Übersicht von Drittanbietern sowie ihrer Inhalte, nebst Links zu deren Datenschutzerklärungen, welche weitere Hinweise zur Verarbeitung von Daten und, z.T. bereits hier genannt, Widerspruchsmöglichkeiten (sog. Opt-Out) enthalten:  		Falls unsere Kunden die Zahlungsdienste Dritter (z.B. PayPal oder Sofortüberweisung) nutzen, gelten die Geschäftsbedingungen und die Datenschutzhinweise der jeweiligen Drittanbieter, welche innerhalb der jeweiligen Webseiten, bzw. Transaktionsapplikationen abrufbar sind. Externe Schriftarten von Google, Inc., www.google.com/fonts („Google Fonts“). Die Einbindung der Google Fonts erfolgt durch einen Serveraufruf bei Google (in der Regel in den USA). Datenschutzerklärung: www.google.com/policies/privacy/, Opt-Out: www.google.com/settings/ads/.&nbsp; Landkarten des Dienstes „Google Maps“ des Drittanbieters Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, gestellt. Datenschutzerklärung: www.google.com/policies/privacy/, Opt-Out: www.google.com/settings/ads/.&nbsp;Videos der Plattform “YouTube” des Drittanbieters Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Datenschutzerklärung: www.google.com/policies/privacy/, Opt-Out: www.google.com/settings/ads/.&nbsp;Innerhalb unseres Onlineangebotes sind Funktionen des Dienstes Google+ eingebunden. Diese Funktionen werden angeboten durch den Drittanbieter Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Wenn Sie in Ihrem Google+ – Account eingeloggt sind können Sie durch Anklicken des Google+ – Buttons die Inhalte unserer Seiten mit Ihrem Google+ – Profil verlinken. Dadurch kann Google den Besuch unserer Seiten Ihrem Benutzerkonto zuordnen. Wir weisen darauf hin, dass wir als Anbieter der Seiten keine Kenntnis vom Inhalt der u?bermittelten Daten sowie deren Nutzung durch Google+ erhalten. Datenschutzerklärung: www.google.com/policies/privacy/, Opt-Out: www.google.com/settings/ads/.&nbsp;Innerhalb unseres Onlineangebotes sind Funktionen des Dienstes Instagram eingebunden. Diese Funktionen werden angeboten durch die Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA integriert. Wenn Sie in Ihrem Instagram – Account eingeloggt sind können Sie durch Anklicken des Instagram – Buttons die Inhalte unserer Seiten mit Ihrem Instagram – Profil verlinken. Dadurch kann Instagram den Besuch unserer Seiten Ihrem Benutzerkonto zuordnen. Wir weisen darauf hin, dass wir als Anbieter der Seiten keine Kenntnis vom Inhalt der u?bermittelten Daten sowie deren Nutzung durch Instagram erhalten. Datenschutzerklärung: instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/.&nbsp;Unser Onlineangebote nutzt Funktionen des Netzwerks LinkedIn. Anbieter ist die LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Bei jedem Abruf einer unserer Seiten, die Funktionen von LinkedIn enthält, wird eine Verbindung zu Servern von LinkedIn aufbaut. LinkedIn wird darüber informiert, dass Sie unsere Internetseiten mit Ihrer IP-Adresse besucht haben. Wenn Sie den “Recommend-Button” von LinkedIn anklicken und in Ihrem Account bei LinkedIn eingeloggt sind, ist es LinkedIn möglich, Ihren Besuch auf unserer Internetseite Ihnen und Ihrem Benutzerkonto zuzuordnen. Wir weisen darauf hin, dass wir als Anbieter der Seiten keine Kenntnis vom Inhalt der übermittelten Daten sowie deren Nutzung durch LinkedIn haben. Datenschutzerklärung: www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy, Opt-Out: www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.&nbsp;Wir verwenden Social Plugins des sozialen Netzwerkes Pinterest, das von der Pinterest Inc., 635 High Street, Palo Alto, CA, 94301, USA (“Pinterest”) betrieben wird. Wenn Sie eine Seite aufrufen die ein solches Plugin enthält, stellt Ihr Browser eine direkte Verbindung zu den Servern von Pinterest her. Das Plugin übermittelt dabei Protokolldaten an den Server von Pinterest in die USA. Diese Protokolldaten enthalten möglicherweise Ihre IP-Adresse, die Adresse der besuchten Websites, die ebenfalls Pinterest-Funktionen enthalten, Art und Einstellungen des Browsers, Datum und Zeitpunkt der Anfrage, Ihre Verwendungsweise von Pinterest sowie Cookies. Datenschutzerklärung: about.pinterest.com/de/privacy-policy.&nbsp; Innerhalb unseres Onlineangebotes können Funktionen des Dienstes Twitter eingebunden. Diese Funktionen werden angeboten durch die Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. Durch das Benutzen von Twitter und der Funktion “Re-Tweet” werden die von Ihnen besuchten Webseiten mit Ihrem Twitter-Account verknüpft und anderen Nutzern bekannt gegeben. Dabei werden auch Daten an Twitter übertragen. Wir weisen darauf hin, dass wir als Anbieter der Seiten keine Kenntnis vom Inhalt der übermittelten Daten sowie deren Nutzung durch Twitter erhalten. Datenschutzerklärung von Twitter unter twitter.com/privacy. Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen bei Twitter können Sie in den Konto-Einstellungen unter twitter.com/account/settins ändern. Wir verwenden Social Plugins des sozialen Netzwerkes Tumblr, das von der Tumblr, Inc. befindet sich 35 East 21st Street, 10E, New York, NY 10010, USA (“Tumblr ”) betrieben wird. Wenn Sie eine Seite aufrufen die ein solches Plugin enthält, stellt Ihr Browser eine direkte Verbindung zu den Servern von Tumblr her. Das Plugin übermittelt dabei Protokolldaten an den Server von Tumblr in die USA. Diese Protokolldaten enthalten möglicherweise Ihre IP-Adresse, die Adresse der besuchten Websites, die ebenfalls Tumblr -Funktionen enthalten, Art und Einstellungen des Browsers, Datum und Zeitpunkt der Anfrage, Ihre Verwendungsweise von Tumblr sowie Cookies. Datenschutzerklärung: www.tumblr.com/policy/en/privacy.&nbsp;Wir nutzen Funktionen des Netzwerks XING. Anbieter ist die XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Deutschland. Bei jedem Abruf einer unserer Seiten, die Funktionen von Xing enthält, wird eine Verbindung zu Servern von Xing hergestellt. Eine Speicherung von personenbezogenen Daten erfolgt dabei nach unserer Kenntnis nicht. Insbesondere werden keine IP-Adressen gespeichert oder das Nutzungsverhalten ausgewertet. Datenschutzerklärung: www.xing.com/app/share;Webanalyse und Optimierung mit Hilfe des Dienstes Hotjar, des Drittanbieters Hotjar Ltd., Level 2, St Julians Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julians STJ 1000, Malta, Europe. Mit Hotjar lassen sich Bewegungen auf den Webseiten, auf denen Hotjar eingesetzt wird, nachvollziehen (sog. Heatmaps). So ist beispielsweise erkennbar, wie weit Nutzer scrollen und welche Schaltflächen die Nutzer wie oft anklicken. Ferner werden technische Daten wie gewählte Sprache, System, Bildschirmauflösung und Browserart erfasst. Hierbei können, zumindest vorübergehend während des Besuchs auf unserer Webseite Profile der Nutzer erstellt werden. Weiterhin ist es mithilfe von Hotjar auch möglich, Feedback direkt von den Nutzern der Website einzuholen. Auf diese Weise erlangen wir wertvolle Informationen, um unsere Websites noch schneller und kundenfreundlicher zu gestalten. Datenschutzerklärung: www.hotjar.com/privacy. Opt-Out: www.hotjar.com/opt-out.&nbsp;Externer Code des JavaScript-Frameworks “jQuery”, bereitgestellt durch den Dritt-Anbieter jQuery Foundation, jquery.org.&nbsp;Rechte der Nutzer 	Nutzer haben das Recht, auf Antrag unentgeltlich Auskunft zu erhalten über die personenbezogenen Daten, die von uns über sie gespeichert wurden. Zusätzlich haben die Nutzer das Recht auf Berichtigung unrichtiger Daten, Einschränkung der Verarbeitung und Löschung ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, sofern zutreffend, Ihre Rechte auf Datenportabilität geltend zu machen und im Fall der Annahme einer unrechtmäßigen Datenverarbeitung, eine Beschwerde bei der zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde einzureichen. Likewise, users can revoke consent, generally with effect for the future. Löschung von Daten  	Die bei uns gespeicherten Daten werden gelöscht, sobald sie für ihre Zweckbestimmung nicht mehr erforderlich sind und der Löschung keine gesetzlichen Aufbewahrungspflichten entgegenstehen. If the user's data is not deleted because it is required for other and legally permissible purposes, its processing will be restricted. I.e. the data will be blocked and not processed for other purposes. This applies e.g. for user data that must be kept for commercial or tax reasons. According to legal requirements, storage is carried out for 6 years in accordance with Section 257 (1) HGB (commercial books, inventories, opening balance sheets, annual accounts, commercial letters, booking vouchers, etc.) and for 10 years in accordance with Section 147 (1) AO (books, records, management reports, Booking vouchers, commercial and business letters, documents relevant for taxation, etc.). Widerspruchsrecht  	Nutzer können der künftigen Verarbeitung ihrer personenbezogenen Daten entsprechend den gesetzlichen Vorgaben jederzeit widersprechen. The objection can in particular be made against processing for direct marketing purposes. Änderungen der Datenschutzerklärung  	Wir behalten uns vor, die Datenschutzerklärung zu ändern, um sie an geänderte Rechtslagen, oder bei Änderungen des Dienstes sowie der Datenverarbeitung anzupassen. However, this only applies to explanations of data processing. If user consent is required or parts of the data protection declaration contain provisions of the contractual relationship with the users, the changes will only be made with the consent of the user. Die Nutzer werden gebeten sich regelmäßig über den Inhalt der Datenschutzerklärung zu informieren. Terminvereinbarung Bewertungsportal Standorte Wiki Kontakt PKW KFZ-Service Reifen & Felgen Leasing & Servicequadrat Flotten und Fuhrpark Motorrad Reifen Motorrad- und Reifenservice Rund ums Bike Nutzfahrzeuge Transporter < 3,5t LKW & Bus Erdbewegungsmaschinen & AS Industrie Reifen mit Plus-Garantie Unternehmen Aktuelles Jobs & Karriere Filialen Bewertungen Wiki Über uns Kontakt Sitemap Impressum Datenschutz AGB HINWEIS COVID-19 Die Ansteckungsgefahr ist größer als je zuvor. In the meantime, please note some changes in the operational process. We are here for you! SEE NOTE CLOSE Quick Inquiry Contact Job Offers Education Close Quick Inquiry SEND TO NABHOLZ Quick Inquiry Personal Information First Name * Last Name * Street * City * Email * Phone Number * Choose Branch (Optional) * Please Choose * Oberschleissheim Forstenried Germering Karlsfeld Hirschgarten Nuremberg East Nuremberg Port Weissenburg Freising Erding Eching Unterföhring Herrsching Munich-Graefelfing Munich-Sendling Munich-Haidhausen Munich-Trudering Parsdorf Miesbach Garmisch-Partenkirchen Advice I would like advice on: Cars / Vans / Bikes Commercial Vehicles / EM Industry Agriculture / Agriculture Service Comments * Data protection I have read the privacy policy and accept it. Send quick inquiry Do not fill in this field! Branches Hirschgartenallee Hirschgartenallee 27, 80639 München089 / 41 61 21 73089/41 61 21 75Nachricht sendenMehrForstenriedHerterichstraße 168.81476 München089 7450840089 92185972Nachricht send more Weissenburg Industriestrasse 23 91781 Weißenburg09141 308,509,141 71320Nachricht sendenMehrFreisingVöttinger Str. 22, 85354 Freising08161 373,708,161 50204Nachricht sendenMehrErdingMelkstattstraße 2, 85435 Erding08122 343,108,122 84203Nachricht send more eching Freisingerstrasse 1, 85386 Eching08165 407608165 64155send messageMoreUnterföhringMünchner Straße 106, 85774 Unterföhring089 9505226089 9505913send messageMore 2, 85757 Karlsfeld b. Dachau08131 907570508131 9075706Send messageMoreGermeringAugsburger Str. 2h, 82110 Germering089 842444089 8401887Send messageMoreHerrschingMühlfelder Str. 59, 82211 Herrsching am Ammersee08152 98988 3808152 98988Nürnberg 09NMM111151111 5411NostnbergMap 1111 54ErnbergNM119 549Nmnberg11Nm 349M 54rnNmnberg11M 54lmnbergNmnberg11M 54lm 76Nm 76lMmM 09MfelderMMMM senden senden senden senden Koperstraße 20, 90451 Nürnberg0911 641868 00911 641868 13send messageMoreGarmisch-PartenkirchenHauptstraße 12, 82467 Garmisch-Partenkirchen08821 5654508821 58253send messageMoreMünchen HaidhausenOrleansstraße 89, 81667 Munich089 4482016089 4801815chenMeMMFLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMMLMMLMMLMMLMMLMMLMMLMMLMMLMMLMMLMMLMMMLMingLMMLM 38, 81369 Munich-Sendling089 7602066089 7696656Send messageMoreMünchen TruderingWasserburger Landstraße 86, 81827 Munich089 425628089 421151Send messageMoreParsdorfPosthalterring 11, 85599 Parsdorf-Vaterstetten089 9030034089 9043070Send messageMehrMies257S720 to enable 6Munich807 730 to use Service continues to improve. Use all cookies Manage cookies Reject cookies Cookies Basic cookies These cookies are used for the basic functions of our website. They cannot be deactivated. Google Analytics We use Google Analytics to personalize content and ads and only provide you with information that is relevant to you. We work with Google Analytics to continuously optimize our website for you and to analyze access. etracker We use etracker to continuously optimize our website for you and to analyze access. Google Tag Manager We use Google Tag Manager to constantly optimize our website for you. Save settings Show data protection declaration window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || []; function gtag () {dataLayer.push (arguments);} gtag ('js', new Date ()); gtag ('config', 'UA-117114839-1', {'anonymize_ip': true}); (function (w, d, s, l, i) {w [l] = w [l] || []; w [l] .push ({'gtm.start': new Date (). getTime () , event: 'gtm.js'}); var f = d.getElementsByTagName (s) [0], j = d.createElement (s), dl = l! ​​=' dataLayer '?' & l = '+ l:' '; j.async = true; j.src =' https: //www.googletagmanager.com/gtm.js? id = '+ i + dl; f.parentNode.insertBefore (j, f);}) (window , document, 'script', 'dataLayer', 'GTM-NR5VPHX');