Auto parts, used cars Sint-Niklaas | Vercauteren NLFr Vercauteren Etienne & znAutohandel For breakdown call 03 776 08 94 Car dealership Vercauteren Breakdown service Auto parts Crane rental Car breakdown Second-hand cars Contact Thanks Car dealer Vercauteren Etienne & zn Used cars and parts, road assistance, car breakdown and crane rental Contact us Breakdown of used cars and trucks - and trucks Read more Rental of cranes with or without driver Read more Autobedrijf Vercauteren in Sint-Niklaas, East Flanders specializes in hoisting and recovering the following vehicles: Passenger cars Buses Trucks Count on our skilled towing service. We have been active in this sector for 40 years. We also have quality charters with assistance insurance such as Europ Assistance, Ethias Assistance and Inter Partners Assistance. Autohandel Vercauteren is located on the N70 between Antwerp and Ghent. We have a commercial area of ​​9700 m² for parking passenger cars and trucks. Would you like more information about how Autohandel Vercauteren can assist you with one of our services? Do not hesitate and contact us! Contact us Looking for damaged cars? You will find this with us. We have a selection of our used cars here on our website, but you can view many more models at our location. You can always contact us by phone, we are ready to help you. Used car parts You can buy car parts at our junkyard in Sint-Niklaas. Thanks to our wide range, you will certainly find the suitable spare part for your vehicle. For example, we sell second-hand car rims, headlights, brake discs and other car accessories. We are easily accessible via the N70 between Ghent and Antwerp. Breakdown in case of car breakdown Failure can be very annoying, but fortunately we are here to help you out. We will arrive on site as soon as possible so that you can continue your journey in no time. Our breakdown service is not limited to Belgium. Vehicle repatriation in Europe is also one of our options. Automobile junkyard Worn or damaged cars that are ready for demolition can come to us. Enough space because we have a commercial area of ​​9700 m² for parking passenger cars and trucks. Autohandel Vercauteren Etienne & znAutohandel Vercauteren - Your partner for car parts, car trading and towing service! Address & VAT number  Vossekotstraat 1 - 9100 Sint-Niklaas Entrance via Brokkelingenstraat BE0473570430 Contact us  03 776 71 85 (car trade, second-hand cars & car parts)  03 776 08 94 (breakdown & crane rental)  03 766 28 56 depannage.vercauteren@telenet.be Opening hours Monday - Friday 08:30 - 12:00 13:30 - 18:00 Saturday - Sunday Closed © 2020 - Sitemap