Roadside assistance, Breakdown service - Sint-Niklaas | Vercauteren NLFr Vercauteren Etienne & znAutohandel For breakdown call 03 776 08 94 Car dealership Vercauteren Breakdown service Auto parts Crane rental Car breakdown Second-hand cars Contact Thanks Car dealership Vercauteren Etienne & zn Breakdown assistance with tow truck and repatriation Contact us Breakdown service Sint-Niklaas ? Or are you standing still on the breakdown by a blowout? We are available day and night and will help you get back on the road in no time. If possible, we repair your car on site. The combination of our experienced team and professional equipment guarantees our customers the best quality. In addition, we have the necessary knowledge of all car makes and models. Do you have car trouble? Call us directly and we are ready for you. Breakdown service Autohandel Vercauteren specializes in carrying out breakdowns. We operate throughout Belgium from our location in Sint-Niklaas, East Flanders. The location of our towing service on the N70 between Ghent and Antwerp enables quick interventions. In addition, we are available 24/24 and 7/7 and we guarantee a flexible and solution-oriented service. We hoist and recover: Passenger cars Buses Buses For breakdown, we are available 24/24 and 7/7 at number 03 776 08 94. Repatriation We take care of repartriation of vehicles abroad. For roadside assistance in Europe, you need to be with us, because we bring your vehicle back from all corners of Europe, wherever you are. Good connections with the travel assistance companies (Ethias Assistance, Europ Assistance, Inter Partners Assistance) are therefore our trump card. Please contact our towing service for more information about repartriation. Not only can we help you with car breakdown, but also with the purchase of damaged cars, used car parts, the breakdown of cars or the rental of a crane. Contact us Towing service Autohandel Vercauteren Etienne & Zonen - Sint-Niklaas, East Flanders Crane rental Autohandel Vercauteren Etienne & Zonen - Sint-Niklaas, East Flanders Cranes Autohandel Vercauteren Etienne & Zonen - Sint-Niklaas, East Flanders Breakdown service Autohandel Vercauteren Etienne & Zonen - Sint-Niklaas, East Flanders Breakdown bus Autohandel Vercauteren Etienne & Zonen - Sint-Niklaas, East Flanders Breakdown truck Autohandel Vercauteren Etienne & Zonen - Sint-Niklaas, East Flanders Breakdown van Autohandel Vercauteren Etienne & Zonen - Sint-Niklaas, East Flanders Breakdown truck with concrete mixer Autohandel Vercauteren Etienne & Zonen - Sint-Niklaas, East Flanders Autohandel Vercauteren Etienne & znAutohandel Vercauteren - Your partner for car parts, car trading and towing service! Address & VAT number  Vossekotstraat 1 - 9100 Sint-Niklaas Entrance via Brokkelingenstraat BE0473570430 Contact us  03 776 71 85 (car trade, second-hand cars & car parts)  03 776 08 94 (breakdown & crane rental)  03 766 28 56 depannage.vercauteren@telenet.be Opening hours Monday - Friday 08:30 - 12:00 13:30 - 18:00 Saturday - Sunday Closed © 2020 - Sitemap