Autoglas repair and window replacement in Hamburg - KS AUTOGLAS Hamburg This website uses cookies to make your surfing more pleasant. Please confirm data protection KS AUTOGLAS CENTER Hamburg-Bergedorf Toggle navigation Home Services Auto Glass Contact Insurance Hotline: 0800-44 88 488 Make an appointment Welcome to your auto glass specialist in Hamburg Your certified KS AUTOGLAS Center Hamburg is your strong and competent partner in the region and yours Specialist in auto glass repair and auto glass replacement. KS AUTOGLAS Hamburg helps with stone chip repairs. The most common auto glass damage is stone chips. Basically, it is checked whether the stone chip is repairable and lies in the repair area. The lens is only replaced if it is not possible to repair it. As a cooperation partner of many insurance companies, a stone chip repair is usually with your partial coverage free of charge - so there are no additional costs for you. KS AUTOGLAS handles the repair easily and conveniently with your insurance company. KS AUTOGLAS Hamburg helps you to change your windshield. This ensures that the tint and the accuracy of fit match and the manufacturer's guarantee is retained. The resulting costs for changing the glass are also covered by your partial coverage, only the deductible you agreed with the insurance company must be paid on site in the partner workshop. KS AUTOGLAS CENTER Hamburg-Bergedorf Ladenbeker Furtweg 37 21033 Hamburg Contact person for glass damage: Mr. Tomaschunas Phone: 040 73928575 Fax: 040 71189149 Email: ausbeulen@tomcar.de Homepage: http://www.tomcar.de Our services and opening hours: Services Other Services ... We offer you many years of experience in the areas of automotive glass, glass breakage repair, window repair or stone chip repair. We would also be happy to visit you on site and repair your glass damage on the spot. If you have any damage, please use our contact form or simply call our service number. We will take care of your damage as soon as possible. We also offer: Hail damage elimination Auto reprocessing Park dents Elimination Smart painting Scratches Elimination Opening times 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Please make appointments by phone. Information about car glass: EXCHANGE OR REPAIR? STONE BLOCK REPAIR AUTOGLAS - EXCHANGE INSURANCE PROTECTION REPLACEMENT OR REPAIR? In principle, it is only possible to determine whether the repair is possible or whether the pane needs to be replaced after the pane has been inspected! It can be said in advance: a cracked pane may only be replaced! You can see from the following indications whether a repair is possible: if the stone chip is smaller than a 2 euro coin if the stone chip is not in the field of vision (an approx. 30 cm wide area above the steering wheel) if the stone chip is more than 10 cm Stone chip repair is removed from the edge of the pane Repairing a stone chip means more than just a cosmetic effect. The repair restores the stability and thus an important function of the windscreen. Often, the damaged area can hardly be seen after the repair, depending on the age, size and nature of the stone chips. At KS, we use the latest repair methods and one of the best and highest quality resins available on the German market. That is why we offer a 10-year guarantee on our repairs! The best thing is that most insurance companies will reimburse the cost even if you have agreed a deductible for glass damage. AUTO GLASS - EXCHANGE If the windscreen cannot be repaired, it must be replaced! Modern windows are glued and are often flush with the body with very narrow gaps. KS guarantees with special cutting processes, for example with a highly tear-resistant nylon thread, that the windscreen can be removed without damaging the paint or interior panels! Our partner companies only use discs from the original manufacturers such as Sekurit or Pilkington. Even the most modern panes equipped with driver assistance systems are no problem for the KS professionals! And as a rule, the required lens is available on site within 24 hours! INSURANCE PROTECTION Glass damage is always covered by comprehensive insurance (also within comprehensive insurance, which usually has a higher deductible). Important: There is no damage-free discount in the partial coverage! This means that they are not "upgraded" in the event of a claim! You pay a maximum of the agreed excess for the glass damage; stone chip repairs are generally free of charge. KS AUTOGLAS cooperates with almost all insurance companies. For you, this means that we take care of the entire claims processing directly with the insurance centers. No writing, no racing - we'll do it for you! Get in touch with us: Appointment request Callback request Your message Name * Telephone * Email * Desired date * Desired time * By submitting the form, I agree that my data will be used to process my request (further information and cancellation notices can be found in the data protection declaration). Please enter the control code: Send telephone number * time * 8-11 a.m. 11 a.m. - 3 p.m. 3 - 6 p.m. any time By submitting the form, I agree that my data will be used to process my request (further information and You can find cancellation notices in the data protection declaration). Please enter the control code: Send Name * Email * Message * By submitting the form, I agree that my data will be used to process my request (further information and revocation information can be found in the data protection declaration). Please enter the control code: Send KS AUTOGLAS ZENTRUM Hamburg-BergedorfTom Car Witold Tomaschunas Ladenbeker Furtweg 37 21033 Hamburg Contact person for glass damage: Mr. Tomaschunas Phone: 040 73928575 Plan route Other KS Autoglas partners KS AUTOGLAS CENTER WertingenKS AUTOGLAS ZENTRUM ZENTRUMZENTRUMENZENUMUM AUTUMAS UetersenKS AUTOGLAS ZENTRUM MurrKS AUTOGLAS ZENTRUM Niesky Cooperation partner of many insurance companies Address Tom Car Witold Tomaschunas Mr. Tomaschunas Ladenbeker Furtweg 37 21033 Hamburg Contact Tel: 040 73928575 Fax: 040 71189149 E-Mail: ausbeulen@tomcar.de Homepage: http: //www.tomcar.de. de Legal noticeData protection Follow us ... © 2020 Tom Car Witold Tomaschunas | Realization: promuro | Log in