Autoglas repair and window replacement in Hamburg - KS AUTOGLAS Hamburg This website uses cookies to make your surfing more pleasant. Please confirm data protection KS AUTOGLAS ZENTRUM Hamburg-Bergedorf Toggle navigation Home Services Auto Glass Contact Insurance Hotline: 0800-44 88 488 Make an appointment Data protection Website data protection declaration and at the same time information for those affected in accordance with Article 13 and Article 14 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation General information on the responsible body Company: KS Partner System GmbH Legal representative: Gerhard Steinko Address: Werkstr. 14, 77815 Bühl Contact data protection officer: datenschutz@ksautoglas.de General data processing information Data affected: Personal data will only be collected if you inform us of this yourself. In addition, the data mentioned below is automatically collected. Any processing of your personal data that goes beyond the scope of the legal permission is only based on your express consent.Processing purpose: execution of the contract.Categories of recipients: public bodies in the event of overriding legal provisions.External service providers or other contractors Third country transfers: Third-party transfers: Contractors outside the European Union can also be used to carry out the contract. Duration of data storage: The duration of data storage depends on the statutory retention requirements and is usually 10 years. Specific information to the websiteServerlogsWe collect data about access to the site and save it as "server log files". The following data is recorded in this way: Visited website Time at the time of access Amount of data sent in bytes Source / reference from which you came to the page Used browser Used operating system Used IP address The data collected is only used for statistical evaluations and to improve the website. However, the website operator reserves the right to check the server log files retrospectively if there are specific indications of illegal use. The logs are kept for a total of 12 weeks and then deleted. Use of Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. If IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will be shortened beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The full IP address is only transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services related to website activity and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. You can prevent the storage of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading the browser plug-in available under the following link and install. In view of the discussion about the use of analysis tools with full IP addresses, we would like to point out that this website uses Google Analytics with the extension "_anonymizeIp ()" and therefore IP addresses are only processed in abbreviated form in order to exclude a direct personal reference. Especially for browsers on mobile devices, please click this link to prevent the anonymized collection by Google Analytics on this website for your browser in the future using an "opt-out cookie". The data is kept for 14 months and then deleted. Use of own "cookies" This website uses its own "cookies" to increase user-friendliness ("cookies" are data records sent from the web server to the user's browser and there for later use) Retrieval can be saved). No personal data is stored in our own "cookies". You can generally prevent the use of "cookies" if you prohibit the storage of "cookies" in your browser. Google Web FontsThis website uses Google Web Fonts. When the page is called up, fonts are called up from an external Google server in the USA in order to display the page in a visually appealing way in your browser. Unfortunately, it is currently not known whether Google logs this server request and uses it further. However, it can be assumed that the Google data protection information (http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/) also applies in this regard. This means that your IP address will probably be stored for several months. SSL encryption This site uses SSL encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as inquiries that you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from "http: //" to "https: //" and by the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL encryption is activated, the data that you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.Contact form / callback functionIf you send us inquiries via the contact form / callback function, your details from the request form, including the contact details you provided there, will be used for the purpose Processing of the request and saved in case of follow-up questions. We will not pass on this data without your consent. OpenStreetMapWe integrate the maps of the "OpenStreetMap" service (https://www.openstreetmap.org), which are offered by the OpenStreetMap Foundation (OSMF) on the basis of the Open Data Commons Open Database License (ODbL). Privacy Policy: https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Privacy_Policy). As far as we know, the data of the users are used by OpenStreetMap exclusively for the purpose of displaying the map functions and temporarily storing the selected settings. This data may include, in particular, IP addresses and location data of the users, which, however, are not collected without their consent (as a rule, as part of the settings of their mobile devices). Information on other data processing methods Specific information on the processing of customer data / interested party data Data concerned: For the execution of the contract communicated data; If necessary, further data for processing on the basis of your express consent.Processing purpose: execution of the contract, etc. Contact form, callback function, damage reporting Categories of recipients: Public bodies in the event of overriding legal requirements. External service providers or other contractors. Other external bodies as far as the data subject has given their consent or a transfer of overriding interest is permitted. Third country transfers: none Duration of data storage: The duration of the data storage is based on the statutory retention requirements and is usually 10 years. Further information and contacts You can also contact us at any time assert your claims for correction or deletion or restriction of processing or exercising your right to object to processing and the right to data portability. Here you can contact us by email or letter. You also have the right to contact the data protection supervisory authority in the event of complaints. Address Tom Car Witold Tomaschunas Mr. Tomaschunas Ladenbeker Furtweg 37 21033 Hamburg Contact Tel: 040 73928575 Fax: 040 71189149 E-Mail: ausbeulen@tomcar.de Homepage: http: //www.tomcar.de Legal informationData protection Follow us ... © 2020 Tom Car Witold Tomaschunas | Realization: promuro | Log in