Created in Barcelona | F.lli Sanna logo-seat-sm seat-logo Company Who we are Our company Where we are Our headquarters What is WLTP New consumption standards Created in Barcelona The spirit and culture SEAT SEAT without worries Ibiza models Starting from € 13,000 Discover Leon From € 17,400 Discover Leon Sportourer From € 21,250 Discover New Leon Discover New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Discover Arona From € 16,000 Discover Ateca From € 20,600 Discover New Tarraco From € 26,175 Discover Alhambra A starting from 43.500 € Discover the Business Range Discover the CUPRA Official Website Discover more Price Lists and Catalogs Discover more Offers SEAT Offers Discover the right offers for you SEAT Service Offers Discover the Service offers of the moment SEAT Business Offers Discover the Business offers of the moment SEAT Service Service Beyond the purchase of a SEAT Our Services By your side for every need SEAT Service Offers Discover the mom's Service offers ento Business SEAT for BUSINESS Guide your business SEAT Business Offers Discover SEAT offers for your Used Business News and events SEAT News The latest news from the SEAT world Contacts Sanl F.lli Experience creativity The city that inspires our ideas. Streets full of life. Passionate melodies. Golden sunsets. Barcelona is a city that lives and breathes creativity. How to express yours you choose it. The Barcelona mentality Created in Barcelona. Our vibrant innovation headquarters that is not afraid to dare. Designed by some of the greatest visionaries in history. It is built to shine. Find out more Our character Design. Beyond beauty. Bold design. Better design. Never settle for mediocrity. Discover Tarraco We love music Memories must be shared. Good friends. Big music. Unforgettable moments. Music fans, this is for you. Find out more Casa SEAT Welcome to our new home. It is not just another flagship store. This is our tribute to Barcelona. A space for everyone, to find out who we are. Opening in 2019. SEAT Collection Are you looking for a new look? Inspired by the street. Designed for your lifestyle. Created in Barcelona. A series of lines for each spirit, with an eye to the future. Find out more Company Who we are Where we are What is WLTP Created in Barcelona SEAT without worries Models Ibiza Leon Leon Sportourer New Leon New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Arona Ateca New Tarraco Alhambra Business Range CUPRA Price Lists and Catalogs Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Service SEAT Offers Offers SEAT Business Service SEAT Service Our Services Offers SEAT Service Business SEAT for BUSINESS Offers SEAT Business Used News and events News SEAT Contacts SEAT Italy Road test Configurator SEAT motorsport Financial Services Legal information Cookie Policy Privacy policy Disclaimer: Prices and product specifications. The information relating to the products contained herein is purely indicative of some general characteristics of the same and does not in any way constitute a description of the specific characteristics by the Manufacturer and / or the Seller. Therefore, we invite the customer to always contact companies in the network to be informed of the specific characteristics and the price in force at the time of purchase - which will be the subject of a single negotiation - and in particular in relation to the availability of the individual product at the time of the order. Legal information Cookie Policy Privacy policy test-drive Test Drive call Call write to us WhatsApp Information This site uses both technical cookies (necessary for its proper functioning) and its own or third party profiling cookies (necessary in order to send advertising messages in line with preferences manifested by users while browsing). Continuing browsing or accessing any section of the site without first changing the settings relating to Cookies will count as implicit acceptance of the receipt of Cookies from this site. The configurations relating to Cookies can be changed at any time by clicking on Cookie Policy or using the "Cookie Policy" link at the bottom of the page. I accept