WLTP | F.lli Sanna logo-seat-sm seat-logo Company Who we are Our company Where we are Our headquarters What is WLTP New consumption standards Created in Barcelona The spirit and culture SEAT SEAT without worries Ibiza models Starting from € 13,000 Discover Leon From € 17,400 Discover Leon Sportourer From € 21,250 Discover New Leon Discover New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Discover Arona From € 16,000 Discover Ateca From € 20,600 Discover New Tarraco From € 26,175 Discover Alhambra A starting from 43.500 € Discover the Business Range Discover the CUPRA Official Website Discover more Price Lists and Catalogs Discover more Offers SEAT Offers Discover the right offers for you SEAT Service Offers Discover the Service offers of the moment SEAT Business Offers Discover the Business offers of the moment SEAT Service Service Beyond the purchase of a SEAT Our Services By your side for every need SEAT Service Offers Discover the mom's Service offers ento Business SEAT for BUSINESS Guide your business SEAT Business Offers Discover SEAT offers for your Used Business News and events SEAT News The latest news from the SEAT world Contacts Sanl F.lli WLTP New standards for consumption. Closer to real consumption: WLTP reviews consumption. Since September 2017, the new WLTP standard has been used to measure the consumption of new vehicles placed on the market. WLTP is the abbreviation of Worldwide Harmonized Light-Duty Vehicles Test Procedure and represents a worldwide standardized control method for detecting consumption and exhaust gas emissions. Here you can find out what this method actually means for you and your SEAT. More clarity, thanks to WLTP. WLTP revolutionizes the measurement and control methods of car manufacturers. Below we offer you a general description of the new practice. What is WLTP? Anyone wishing to buy a car inquires about consumption and emissions values. Here you can read how this data will be collected in the future with the new control method. How much does a vehicle consume? Today SEAT, thanks to the standardized WLTP driving cycle, can answer this question much more precisely. Because the new method of measuring fuel consumption is much closer to everyday driving behavior. And from September 2017 it replaces the NEDC standard. WLTP is the abbreviation for Worldwide Harmonized Light-Duty Vehicles Test Procedure. In Italian it means "harmonized control procedure for light commercial vehicles" and indicates a new control method that establishes the consumption of a vehicle. In the future, on the basis of the real data collected worldwide, it will be possible to simulate the use of the vehicle similar to reality even in laboratory conditions. In this way, the WLTP takes into consideration not only different situations and speeds of road traffic, but also different variants of bodywork and weight classes of a car. Good reasons for WLTP. Based on real road data collected worldwide, WLTP will provide more realistic consumption data in the future. Read here to find out what exactly will change with the introduction of the new control method. The consumption of a vehicle may vary from the data provided by the manufacturer. This depends on the fact that actual consumption strongly depends on the individual driving behavior and the equipment of each individual vehicle. For example, it is crucial that the vehicle is mainly used in urban traffic, on suburban roads or on the highway. In order to be able to weigh these differences, starting from the theoretical conditions of the NEDC cycle, a dynamic driving profile was developed, based on statistical measurements and on the analysis of the average profiles of the users: overall accelerations, a higher average speed and a higher speed are considered higher top speed. Instead of simulating urban cycle and suburban cycle in a combined calculation, the vehicle is now being tested in four phases characterized by different speed ranges. These exhaust gas and fuel consumption values ​​measured according to the WLTP must be indicated from 1 September 2017 for newly introduced models of cars and engines. This applies to Europe and many other countries worldwide. NEDC and WLTP. Since autumn 2017, the NEDC measurement method has been replaced by the WLTP. New test parameters ensure more realistic values. Read here how exactly the methods differ in practice. The new test involves a different driving cycle and more restrictive control specifications, which also include longer measurement time intervals and a higher maximum speed. Below is an overview of the news. Starting from cold start, four speed ranges are measured on the roller test stand: from 60, to 80, to 100 or over 130 km / h. Within these phases accelerations and braking repeatedly occur. The maximum speed is consequently 10 km / h higher than in the NEDC cycle. Furthermore, the average speed measures about 47 km / h, also in this case therefore well above the previous value (about 33 km / h). In the test chamber a temperature of 23 ° C is prescribed, up to now the NEDC cycle prescribed from 20 to 30 ° C. The overall WLTP cycle cycle lasts about 30 minutes, compared to only 20 in the NEDC. The length of the journey has also increased, resulting today more than doubled: 23 instead of 11 kilometers. Unlike the NEDC cycle, the WLTP also takes into consideration specific equipment on request relating to the weight, aerodynamics and requirements of the on-board network (quiescent current). High power consumption optional equipment, such as air conditioning or seat heating, are excluded from the control method today as in the past. NEDC vs WLTP: comparison of profiles. Long journeys, short breaks: with WLTP, the control method for measuring the consumption and CO2 emissions of a vehicle lands on the test bench. The travel cycles thus differ. Overview of the NEDC cycle. The NEDC standardized driving cycle applies to all passenger vehicles and light commercial vehicles. It was introduced by the European Union in 1992 to detect the consumption and emissions of specific vehicles and to obtain comparable values. Here you can briefly observe the general basic conditions for making measurements. Test parameters. The temperature in the test chamber measures from 20 to 30 ° C. The length of the journey is 11 km. • The cycle lasts 20 minutes. The cycle consists of two phases: the urban cycle is simulated for 13 minutes, the suburban cycle for 7 minutes. The average speed is around 33 km / h. The percentage of downtime measures 25%. The maximum speed is 120 km / h. The attachment points for models with manual transmission are precisely prescribed. Optional equipment and air conditioning are not taken into consideration. Overview of the WLTP. The Worldwide Harmonized Light-Duty Vehicles Test Procedure, in short WLTP, is a harmonized control worldwide for vehicles used for the transport of people and light commercial vehicles. From 1 September 2017, it ensures more realistic consumption data thanks to clearly more dynamic test parameters. Here you can find out what these parameters are. Test parameters. The temperature in the test chamber measures 23 ° C. The length of the journey is 23 km. The cycle lasts 30 minutes. It consists of four phases (low, medium, high, extra-high). The average speed is around 47 km / h. The percentage of downtime measures 13%. Top speed is above 130 km / h. The engagement points are previously calculated specifically for each vehicle. Vehicle weight and additional equipment are also included in the evaluation. The measurement is performed for all possible engine and gearbox combinations. Objectives of the new measurement method. Transparency. In the future it will be possible to estimate more effectively the actual consumption of a vehicle in daily use. The WLTP takes into account a driving profile closer to daily use than the NEDC standard. The latter, in fact, is similar to a synthetic laboratory test and serves primarily to allow the comparability of different vehicles, without realistically reflecting real consumption. Therefore, if up to now the consumptions were measured in abstract laboratory conditions, the new method allows a more precise forecast of the actual consumptions of a vehicle thanks to better test parameters. The WLTP aims to simulate realistic driving behavior, thus offering much more realistic results. Standards. The new WLTP standard ensures world-class comparable test results. One of the main objectives of the WLTP method is to obtain a standardized detection of exhaust emissions and energy consumption for different traction modes, such as petrol, diesel, gas. methane or electricity. With the WLTP cycle, by correctly carrying out the measurement procedure, a vehicle of the same model must provide the same test result in all areas of the world. It is also the need for this comparability that makes measurement in the laboratory indispensable, therefore consumption and emissions are detected on the test bench, in a reliable and representative way, simulating a dynamic driving profile. Climate protection. More realistic consumption data contribute to achieving international climate and environmental protection targets. CO2 reduction is a central theme in vehicle development. Thanks to the WLTP it is possible to verify in a traceable way compliance with international specifications on the limit values ​​of CO2 emissions. In 2010, in the EU alone 4.72 billion tons of CO2 were emitted, 19% of which due to road traffic *. Therefore the European Union wants to reduce emissions by 20% by 2020 **. This is an objective achievable through the implementation of the WLTP. Because like the fuel consumption, the CO2 emissions of a vehicle also depend on the model. The WLTP guarantees greater transparency in the comparison between the energy consumption and CO2 emissions of different vehicles. The measurement values ​​are therefore independent of the car manufacturers and the vehicle model. And they tend to be higher than in the NEDC cycle. It is therefore possible to predict that individual models and their engines will be optimized for climate protection purposes. *) The data refer to the document "Mobility of the future - safe and controlled", 16/03/2015, TÜV eV Association **) The data refer to the document published in 2013 on the "Regulation of CO2 for cars" of the German Economic Institute, Cologne. Saving fuel is simple. The consumption of your car depends on many factors that you cannot influence. However, you can significantly limit your consumption by following a few simple tips. Drive in a forward-looking and modern way. SEAT WLTP advice Halved stress, doubled savings: driving calmly and without sudden gear changes, using less brakes and following the progress of the traffic will consume less fuel and the journey will be more relaxed. Even on the highway: traveling at 130 km / h instead of 160 km / h saves money. A forward-looking driving style also helps to avoid traffic jams. Drive in the highest ratio possible. SEAT WLTP advice At 30 km / h in third gear: shifting gears earlier helps save money. Does driving at low revs damage the engine? A myth to dispel. Modern TDI and TSI engines work best with the third gear engaged when driving at 30 km / h, delivering surprising traction power starting from 2,000 rpm. In the starting phase, engage the second gear as soon as the vehicle has moved for a distance equal to its length. Afterwards, moving to the upper gears, feel free to skip a gear. Always choose the highest possible gear. Driving at 50 km / h in 5th gear is absolutely not a problem for many vehicles: if the car drives smoothly and without strange noises, the speed is not too low. Use shutdown when releasing. SEAT WLTP advice 0.0 liters - this is your consumption if you drive the vehicle by inertia: with the right technologies, driving also means saving. Do you know how to achieve an instantaneous consumption of exactly 0.0 l / 100 km? By driving the vehicle by inertia with the gear engaged! The exclusion of fuel in the release phase interrupts the power supply of the engine and during this period of time not even a drop of fuel is used. The best time to apply this method is when you also benefit from the braking action of the engine, that is, on a downhill slope or when approaching a red traffic light. In addition, you can also save fuel by disengaging the clutch. This method is particularly effective if, thanks to a foresighted driving style, the vehicle is often driven by inertia on long stretches of road. Use equipment in moderation. SEAT WLTP advice Save up to 2 liters, in the right way: the equipment makes driving more comfortable but also more expensive if not used in moderation. For example, the air conditioner increases fuel consumption, and not a little. To lower the internal temperature in the height of summer and keep it constant, you can consume at low speeds of up to 2 l / 100 km! Instead try to reduce the temperature by keeping the car doors open before embarking on the journey and leaving by keeping the windows open to let the heat out. While driving simply check which accessories you are using and which ones are really needed. Check the tire pressure. SEAT WLTP advice Save up to 15% with a little air: start saving fuel before you leave: simply by checking the tire pressure! Rolling resistance can affect up to 15% of total fuel consumption. If the tires have been inflated to the recommended pressure for full load (the values ​​are shown on the filler cap flap), the rolling resistance will be lower and, consequently, consumption will also be lower. When buying tires, choose those with the lowest possible rolling resistance; they will save an additional 3% of fuel and are quieter. Avoid short journeys. SEAT WLTP advice Combined sections, significant savings: the cold engine consumes a lot of fuel. This means that if you make short journeys frequently, fuel consumption can increase up to 30 l / 100 km! On the other hand, if you travel many times in one trip, you can save fuel. In this way the engine will have time to reach the operating temperature and will consume less fuel. Choose the right oil and save. SEAT WLTP advice Save up to 5% thanks to quality: the sooner the engine is well lubricated, the sooner it will run at low emissions. This is very important in cold start cases or when traveling short distances. A good engine oil must therefore do one thing in particular: circulate quickly. Low viscosity oils are the right solution. They are able to reduce fuel consumption by up to 5% compared to conventional oils. That's why almost all SEAT models leave the factory lines supplied with low viscosity oil. Reduce aerodynamic drag. SEAT WLTP advice Lower aerodynamic drag allows for greater efficiency: good aerodynamic lines are essential to reduce fuel consumption, especially at high speeds. For this reason, the bodywork of each SEAT has been designed to minimize the area exposed to the wind. This advantage is neutralized by the accessories on the roof such as bicycle racks and load boxes. So even if you go skiing or mountain biking every weekend, it is absolutely advisable to disassemble the ski or bicycle rack immediately after use. Avoid unnecessary loads. SEAT WLTP advice By eliminating unnecessary weights, you save up to 0.3 liters: each kilogram of baggage costs you fuel. To be precise: a weight of 100 kg can increase the consumption of your car by 0.3 l / 100 km. Then periodically check the contents of the trunk of your car. And you can also save with the tank fill level. Supply it only up to half its capacity. In fact, a full tank increases the weight of the car and its consumption. The most important questions and answers on new consumption values. What is a driving cycle? A driving cycle establishes under which conditions the fuel consumption and CO2 emissions of a vehicle must be measured. The goal is to simulate the use of the average vehicle as realistic as possible. In order for car manufacturers to provide comparable values ​​for the registration and sale of their vehicles, the driving cycle prescribes certain general conditions, such as, for example, starting temperature, speed and duration of measurement. What is the NEDC cycle? The new European driving cycle (abbreviation: NEDC, from the English New European Driving Cycle) was introduced on 01/07/1992 by the European Union. This standard was intended to ensure the detection of emissions and consumption of specific vehicles and allow better comparability of the different vehicles, but did not claim to reflect real consumption in actual daily use. What is WLTP? Since September 2017, with the Worldwide Harmonized Light-Duty Vehicles Test Procedure, in short WLTP, a standardized cycle is introduced worldwide. The WLTP takes into account a driving behavior closer to daily use than the NEDC standard. The new method has the aim of reflecting the actual consumption of a vehicle in a more realistic way and is based on a different test cycle, characterized by more restrictive control specifications. What is the difference between NEDC and WLTP? The NEDC control cycle introduced by the European Union in 1992 is no longer current and is unable to realistically illustrate individual driving behavior in daily use. Today, the new WLTP standard must guarantee that the emissions and consumption measured for the approval of a model correspond to the data resulting from the actual driving operation. It therefore differs from the NEDC standard both for the method and for the actual driving cycle. The test parameters redefined are, for example, the greater distance covered by the test, longer travel times, lower downtime, higher average speeds and weighting of equipment on request. These changes usually determine data on higher consumption. Since when does the WLTP come into force? The new WLTP cycle has entered into force legally from 01/09/2017. From September 2017, newly introduced car models and engines must be marked by the manufacturers with the values ​​of consumption and emissions measured with the WLTP method. From 01/09/2018 they must then be marked with the values ​​of consumption and exhaust emissions. WLTP all new vehicles, even existing ones. Will the SEAT range be changed? No, to date there are no changes to the model range. Individual models and their engines must be optimized to achieve even greater efficiency and a further lowering of emissions in accordance with the prescribed values, but no model will be eliminated due to the WLTP. Are there other methods as well? The driving cycles developed in Japan (JC 08) and in the USA (FTP 75) for the measurement of exhaust gases and consumption are strongly oriented according to the specific situations of urban traffic that characterize the respective countries. The Japanese driving cycle, for example, contains many “stop and go” phases and there are two types of running: one with a cold start and one after a warm start. Company Who we are Where we are What is WLTP Created in Barcelona SEAT without worries Models Ibiza Leon Leon Sportourer New Leon New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Arona Ateca New Tarraco Alhambra Business Range CUPRA Lists and Catalogs Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Service Offers SEAT Business Service SEAT Service Our Services SEAT Service Business Offers SEAT for BUSINESS SEAT Business Offers Used News and Events News SEAT Contacts SEAT Italy Road Test Configurator SEAT motorsport Financial Services Legal Information Cookie Policy Privacy policy Disclaimer: Product prices and specifications. The information relating to the products contained herein is purely indicative of some general characteristics of the same and does not in any way constitute a description of the specific characteristics by the Manufacturer and / or the Seller. Therefore, we invite the customer to always contact companies in the network to be informed of the specific characteristics and the price in force at the time of purchase - which will be the subject of a single negotiation - and in particular in relation to the availability of the individual product at the time of the order. Legal information Cookie Policy Privacy policy test-drive Test Drive call Call write to us WhatsApp Information This site uses both technical cookies (necessary for its proper functioning) and its own or third party profiling cookies (necessary in order to send advertising messages in line with preferences manifested by users while browsing). Continuing browsing or accessing any section of the site without first changing the settings relating to Cookies will count as implicit acceptance of the receipt of Cookies from this site. The configurations relating to Cookies can be changed at any time by clicking on Cookie Policy or using the "Cookie Policy" link at the bottom of the page. I accept