SEAT Alhambra | F.lli Sanna logo-seat-sm seat-logo Company Who we are Our company Where we are Our headquarters What is WLTP New consumption standards Created in Barcelona The spirit and culture SEAT SEAT without worries Ibiza models Starting from € 13,000 Discover Leon From € 17,400 Discover Leon Sportourer From € 21,250 Discover New Leon Discover New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Discover Arona From € 16,000 Discover Ateca From € 20,600 Discover New Tarraco From € 26,175 Discover Alhambra A starting from 43.500 € Discover the Business Range Discover the CUPRA Official Website Discover more Price Lists and Catalogs Discover more Offers SEAT Offers Discover the right offers for you SEAT Service Offers Discover the Service offers of the moment SEAT Business Offers Discover the Business offers of the moment SEAT Service Service Beyond the purchase of a SEAT Our Services By your side for every need SEAT Service Offers Discover the mom's Service offers ento Business SEAT for BUSINESS Drive your business SEAT Offers Business Discover SEAT offers for your Used Business News and events SEAT News The latest news from the SEAT world Contacts Sanl F.lli SEAT Alhambra Comfort Sliding doors Space and capacity 2.297l Security Blind Spot Detection Kessy Technology Test Drive Estimate Price lists and catalogs Choose your SEAT Alhambra Xcellence Nothing less than pure 6.5 ”touch screen satellite navigation Electric rear doors and tailgate Park Assist automated parking system 17” FR-Line alloy wheels Touch sporty 18 "burnished alloy wheels Alcantara seats Atom Gray exterior mirrors Personalized interior FR Line Configure Design Are you ready to break the mold? It's time to stand out. Captivating skills and lines for your family outside the box. Technology It's your time. Live it to the fullest. The quality you want. Details so innovative that each trip is transformed into a unique experience. Security Security is a good feeling. It's your top priority. That's why every detail of the SEAT Alhambra design is designed to guarantee safety. Efficiency Power is in your hands. The responsibility is yours, but why accept compromises? the process and innovation are here, for a better present. Accessories Your choice. Your way. Room for improvement? More fun, practicality and freedom? SEAT accessories take you further. SEAT Service Get back on track. Life doesn't wait, why should you do it? SEAT Service puts you back on track. Company Who we are Where we are What is WLTP Created in Barcelona SEAT without worries Models Ibiza Leon Leon Sportourer New Leon New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Arona Ateca New Tarraco Alhambra Business Range CUPRA Lists and Catalogs Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Service Offers SEAT Business Service SEAT Service Our Services SEAT Service Business Offers SEAT for BUSINESS SEAT Business Offers Used News and Events News SEAT Contacts SEAT Italy Road Test Configurator SEAT motorsport Financial Services Legal Information Cookie Policy Privacy policy Disclaimer: Product prices and specifications. The information relating to the products contained herein is purely indicative of some general characteristics of the same and does not in any way constitute a description of the specific characteristics by the Manufacturer and / or the Seller. Therefore, we invite the customer to always contact companies in the network to be informed of the specific characteristics and the price in force at the time of purchase - which will be the subject of a single negotiation - and in particular in relation to the availability of the individual product at the time of the order. Legal information Cookie Policy Privacy policy test-drive Test Drive call Call write to us WhatsApp Information This site uses both technical cookies (necessary for its proper functioning) and its own or third party profiling cookies (necessary in order to send advertising messages in line with preferences manifested by users while browsing). Continuing browsing or accessing any section of the site without first changing the settings relating to Cookies will count as implicit acceptance of the receipt of Cookies from this site. The configurations relating to Cookies can be changed at any time by clicking on Cookie Policy or using the "Cookie Policy" link at the bottom of the page. I accept