SEAT Arona | F.lli Sanna logo-seat-sm seat-logo Company Who we are Our company Where we are Our headquarters What is WLTP New consumption standards Created in Barcelona The spirit and culture SEAT SEAT without worries Ibiza models Starting from € 13,000 Discover Leon From € 17,400 Discover Leon Sportourer From € 21,250 Discover New Leon Discover New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Discover Arona From € 16,000 Discover Ateca From € 20,600 Discover New Tarraco From € 26,175 Discover Alhambra A starting from 43.500 € Discover the Business Range Discover the CUPRA Official Website Discover more Price Lists and Catalogs Discover more Offers SEAT Offers Discover the right offers for you SEAT Service Offers Discover the Service offers of the moment SEAT Business Offers Discover the Business offers of the moment SEAT Service Service Beyond the purchase of a SEAT Our Services By your side for every need SEAT Service Offers Discover the mom's Service offers ento Business SEAT for BUSINESS Guide your business SEAT Offers Business Discover SEAT offers for your Used Business News and events SEAT News The latest news from the SEAT world Contacts Sanna F.lli SEAT Arona Design Personalization Technology Wireless charger Safety recognition Euro NCAP Safety Blind Spot Detection Test Drive Estimate Price lists and catalogs Choose your SEAT Arona Reference All the essential Media system with 6.5 "capacitive color touch screen Front Assist air conditioning with pedestrian recognition system as standard Black handrails on the roof Standard Style For those who launch new trends Alloy wheels Design 16 ″ Steering wheel covered in leather Fog lights with cornering function LED daytime running lights Xcellence Nothing less than pure excellence Body in two-tone color as standard Kessy keyless entry and start system as standard 8 "touch screen satellite navigator Rear parking sensors FR Il sporty touch Standard sports seats and steering wheel SEAT Drive Profile standard 17 "alloy wheels Tinted rear windows Configure Design Make your own. SEAT Arona is the city SUV designed for those who love challenges. It is ready to go. Are you ready? Technology Even the most daring need support. Full Link connectivity, wireless charging, keyless start system. Technology to energize your life. Security Take the lead. Follow your way, your way. Arona thinks of the rest. Both on and off the road. Accessories Customize your car. Whatever challenge you are facing, make it more exciting, captivating and intriguing. It's your SEAT Arona. The choice is yours. Efficiency Change is a choice. It is the smallest details that make the biggest differences. Especially when it comes to making a better tomorrow. Street art Face your challenges. Go on your way. How? Admire the street artist Mateo at work. You will understand what it means. SEAT URBAN VEHICLES ™ Your city. Your SUV. Do you love looking at the world from above? When you know the city as your pocket, you know how to live it to the fullest. SEAT Service Get back on track. Life doesn't wait, why should you do it? Forget any worries. SEAT Service puts you back on track. Company Who we are Where we are What is WLTP Created in Barcelona SEAT without worries Models Ibiza Leon Leon Sportourer New Leon New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Arona Ateca New Tarraco Alhambra Business Range CUPRA Lists and Catalogs Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Service Offers SEAT Business Service SEAT Service Our Services SEAT Service Business Offers SEAT for BUSINESS SEAT Business Offers Used News and Events News SEAT Contacts SEAT Italy Road Test Configurator SEAT motorsport Financial Services Legal Information Cookie Policy Privacy policy Disclaimer: Product prices and specifications. The information relating to the products contained herein is purely indicative of some general characteristics of the same and does not in any way constitute a description of the specific characteristics by the Manufacturer and / or the Seller. Therefore, we invite the customer to always contact companies in the network to be informed of the specific characteristics and the price in force at the time of purchase - which will be the subject of a single negotiation - and in particular in relation to the availability of the individual product at the time of the order. Legal information Cookie Policy Privacy policy test-drive Test Drive call Call write to us WhatsApp Information This site uses both technical cookies (necessary for its proper functioning) and its own or third party profiling cookies (necessary in order to send advertising messages in line with preferences manifested by users while browsing). Continuing browsing or accessing any section of the site without first changing the settings relating to Cookies will count as implicit acceptance of the receipt of Cookies from this site. The configurations relating to Cookies can be changed at any time by clicking on Cookie Policy or using the "Cookie Policy" link at the bottom of the page. I accept