SEAT New SEAT Leon Sportstourer | F.lli Sanna logo-seat-sm seat-logo Company Who we are Our company Where we are Our headquarters What is WLTP New consumption standards Created in Barcelona The spirit and culture SEAT SEAT without worries Ibiza models Starting from € 13,000 Discover Leon From € 17,400 Discover Leon Sportourer From € 21,250 Discover New Leon Discover New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Discover Arona From € 16,000 Discover Ateca From € 20,600 Discover New Tarraco From € 26,175 Discover Alhambra A starting from 43.500 € Discover the Business Range Discover the CUPRA Official Website Discover more Price Lists and Catalogs Discover more Offers SEAT Offers Discover the right offers for you SEAT Service Offers Discover the Service offers of the moment SEAT Business Offers Discover the Business offers of the moment SEAT Service Service Beyond the purchase of a SEAT Our Services By your side for every need SEAT Service Offers Discover the mom's Service offers ento Business SEAT for BUSINESS Drive your business SEAT Offers Business Discover SEAT offers for your Used Business News and events SEAT News The latest news from the SEAT world Contacts Sanl F.lli New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Design SEAT Light Concept Connectivity Connected to your smartphone Technology Autonomous driving level 2 Hybrid Mild-hybrid (eTSI) or plug-in hybrid (e-Hybrid) Keep me up to date Leon Sportstourer Hybrid Price lists and catalogs Capacity and comfort All the space for your projects. 620 liters of trunk and more spacious interiors. Spacious. Comfortable. Ready to take you wherever you want. Find out more SEAT Light Concept Designed by light. A range of innovative lighting technologies: new Full LED dynamic headlights and direction indicators, customizable “Smart Wraparound” interior light and coast-to-coast rear LED lighting. The new Leon Sportstourer shines with an unmistakable light. Find out more Connectivity The most connected Leon ever. 10 ”Navigation System connected thanks to SEAT CONNECT and with voice control. Keep your hands on the wheel and ask your Nuova Leon Sportstourer everything you need. Find out more Hybrid, rechargeable, or methane? You decide. A new mobility experience. To drive with the usual power, but with a low emission engine. Discover the New SEAT Leon also in natural gas (TGI), mild-hybrid (eTSI) and rechargeable plug-in (eHybrid) versions. Discover the hybrid versions Technology at first sight. From the new SEAT Virtual Cockpit to the suspended 10 ”screen with integrated navigator, here is the most technological Leon ever. Find out more Emergency Assist 3.0 On guard. When you need it. The Emergency Assist system constantly checks if you need help. If it detects inactivity, brake twice to notify you. If you don't react, the system slows the car down to a complete stop. . Find out more Company Who we are Where we are What is WLTP Created in Barcelona SEAT without worries Models Ibiza Leon Leon Sportourer New Leon New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Arona Ateca New Tarraco Alhambra Business Range CUPRA Price Lists and Catalogs Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Service SEAT Offers Offers SEAT Business Service SEAT Service Our Services Offers SEAT Service Business SEAT for BUSINESS Offers SEAT Business Used News and events News SEAT Contacts SEAT Italy Road test Configurator SEAT motorsport Financial Services Legal information Cookie Policy Privacy policy Disclaimer: Prices and product specifications. The information relating to the products contained herein is purely indicative of some general characteristics of the same and does not in any way constitute a description of the specific characteristics by the Manufacturer and / or the Seller. Therefore, we invite the customer to always contact companies in the network to be informed of the specific characteristics and the price in force at the time of purchase - which will be the subject of a single negotiation - and in particular in relation to the availability of the individual product at the time of the order. Legal information Cookie Policy Privacy policy test-drive Test Drive call Call write to us WhatsApp Information This site uses both technical cookies (necessary for its proper functioning) and its own or third party profiling cookies (necessary in order to send advertising messages in line with preferences manifested by users while browsing). Continuing browsing or accessing any section of the site without first changing the settings relating to Cookies will count as implicit acceptance of the receipt of Cookies from this site. The configurations relating to Cookies can be changed at any time by clicking on Cookie Policy or using the "Cookie Policy" link at the bottom of the page. I accept