SEAT New Leon | F.lli Sanna logo-seat-sm seat-logo Company Who we are Our company Where we are Our headquarters What is WLTP New consumption standards Created in Barcelona The spirit and culture SEAT SEAT without worries Ibiza models Starting from € 13,000 Discover Leon From € 17,400 Discover Leon Sportourer From € 21,250 Discover New Leon Discover New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Discover Arona From € 16,000 Discover Ateca From € 20,600 Discover New Tarraco From € 26,175 Discover Alhambra A starting from 43.500 € Discover the Business Range Discover the CUPRA Official Website Discover more Price Lists and Catalogs Discover more Offers SEAT Offers Discover the right offers for you SEAT Service Offers Discover the Service offers of the moment SEAT Business Offers Discover the Business offers of the moment SEAT Service Service Beyond the purchase of a SEAT Our Services By your side for every need SEAT Service Offers Discover the mom's Service offers ento Business SEAT for BUSINESS Lead your business SEAT Business offers Discover SEAT offers for your used business News and events SEAT news The latest news from the SEAT world Contacts Sanl F.lli New SEAT Leon Design SEAT Light Concept Technology Autonomous driving level 2 Connectivity Connected to your smartphone Hybrid Mild-hybrid (eTSI) or hybrid plug-in (e-Hybrid) Keep me updated Leon Hybrid Price lists and catalogs Design Designed by light. New SEAT Leon surprises with a range of innovative lighting technologies including coast-to-coast LED lighting, new Full LED dynamic headlights and direction indicators and customizable “Smart Wraparound” interior light. Find out more SEAT CONNECT Always at your fingertips. The most connected Leon ever. SEAT CONNECT allows you to manage your car and always stay connected. From the driver's seat or from your smartphone, wherever you are. Find out more New suspended screen Technology at first sight. From the new SEAT Virtual Cockpit to the 10 "suspended screen with integrated navigator, the advanced technology of New Leon is perceived with a glance. Find out more Hybrid, rechargeable, or methane? You decide. A new mobility experience. To drive with the usual power, but with a low emission engine. Discover the New SEAT Leon also in mild-hybrid (eTSI), rechargeable plug-in (eHybrid) or methane (TGI) versions. Discover the hybrid versions Safety Assistance on every occasion. Lane Assist and Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) Avoid unexpected events by keeping your speed, safety distances and driving lane on your own. Side Assist Change lanes in a safer way. The Side Assist system helps you locate obstacles in blind spots up to a radius of 70 meters. Fatigue recognition system Long journeys can be tiring. Nuova Leon detects any drop in concentration and warns you when it's time to take a break. *Available soon. Company Who we are Where we are What is WLTP Created in Barcelona SEAT without worries Models Ibiza Leon Leon Sportourer New Leon New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Arona Ateca New Tarraco Alhambra Business Range CUPRA Lists and Catalogs Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Service Offers SEAT Business Service SEAT Service Our Services SEAT Service Business Offers SEAT for BUSINESS SEAT Business Offers Used News and Events News SEAT Contacts SEAT Italy Road Test Configurator SEAT motorsport Financial Services Legal Information Cookie Policy Privacy policy Disclaimer: Product prices and specifications. The information relating to the products contained herein is purely indicative of some general characteristics of the same and does not in any way constitute a description of the specific characteristics by the Manufacturer and / or the Seller. Therefore, we invite the customer to always contact companies in the network to be informed of the specific characteristics and the price in force at the time of purchase - which will be the subject of a single negotiation - and in particular in relation to the availability of the individual product at the time of the order. Legal information Cookie Policy Privacy policy test-drive Test Drive call Call write to us WhatsApp Information This site uses both technical cookies (necessary for its proper functioning) and its own or third party profiling cookies (necessary in order to send advertising messages in line with preferences manifested by users while browsing). Continuing browsing or accessing any section of the site without first changing the settings relating to Cookies will count as implicit acceptance of the receipt of Cookies from this site. The configurations relating to Cookies can be changed at any time by clicking on Cookie Policy or using the "Cookie Policy" link at the bottom of the page. I accept