SEAT Ateca | F.lli Sanna logo-seat-sm seat-logo Company Who we are Our company Where we are Our headquarters What is WLTP New consumption standards Created in Barcelona The spirit and culture SEAT SEAT without worries Ibiza models Starting from € 13,000 Discover Leon From € 17,400 Discover Leon Sportourer From € 21,250 Discover New Leon Discover New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Discover Arona From € 16,000 Discover Ateca From € 20,600 Discover New Tarraco From € 26,175 Discover Alhambra A starting from 43.500 € Discover the Business Range Discover the CUPRA Official Website Discover more Price Lists and Catalogs Discover more Offers SEAT Offers Discover the right offers for you SEAT Service Offers Discover the Service offers of the moment SEAT Business Offers Discover the Business offers of the moment SEAT Service Service Beyond the purchase of a SEAT Our Services By your side for every need SEAT Service Offers Discover the mom's Service offers ento Business SEAT for BUSINESS Drive your business SEAT Offers Business Discover SEAT offers for your Used Business News and events SEAT News The latest news from the SEAT world Contacts Sanna F.lli SEAT Ateca Boot capacity 485l Technology 4WD all-wheel drive Evaluation for Euro NCAP safety Connectivity Full Link Test Drive Quotation Price lists and catalogs Choose your SEAT Ateca Style For those who launch new trends Media system with 6.5 "color capacitive touch screen 17" Dynamic alloy wheels Dual-zone Climatronic Front and Lane Assist Business Perfect for your needs Navigation System with 8 "SEAT Full LED touch display Roof rails and black wheel arch X excellence rear camera Pure excellence 18" Performance alloy wheels Kessy Roof rails and chrome side window frames SEAT Full Link FR Iconic sportiness 19 ″ Performance Machined alloy wheels Chrome-plated double tailpipe. Spoiler body color rear and wheel arch Rear parking sensors (no rear camera) Configure it Design Live with style every day. Unmistakable. Dynamic. Bold. Inside and out, SEAT Ateca is pure style. Everyday. On every occasion. Technology The future is here. Full Link technology: wireless charging for mobile phone, synchronization with mobile app. Always connected. Anytime you want. Technology Off-road is the new road. Imagine the impossible. And now do it with 4Drive all-wheel drive. For a life without limits. Security We take care of everything. Frena. Accelerate. Frena. Accelerate. Traffic Jam Assist * can do it for you. And it doesn't end there. * Available only with engines with DSG dual clutch automatic transmission. Efficiency The power to be successful. Urbana. Comets. But also powerful and efficient. SEAT Ateca makes your metropolitan ambitions travel. Accessories Your way. Always. Bike? There is. Children? There are. All the accessories you need. For a life that exactly reflects your style. SEAT URBAN VEHICLESTM Your city. Your SUV. Do you love looking at the world from above? When you know the city as your pocket, you know how to live it to the fullest. SEAT Service Get back on track. Life doesn't wait, why should you do it? SEAT Service puts you back on track. Company Who we are Where we are What is WLTP Created in Barcelona SEAT without worries Models Ibiza Leon Leon Sportourer New Leon New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Arona Ateca New Tarraco Alhambra Business Range CUPRA Lists and Catalogs Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Service Offers SEAT Business Service SEAT Service Our Services SEAT Service Business Offers SEAT for BUSINESS SEAT Business Offers Used News and Events News SEAT Contacts SEAT Italy Road Test Configurator SEAT motorsport Financial Services Legal Information Cookie Policy Privacy policy Disclaimer: Product prices and specifications. The information relating to the products contained herein is purely indicative of some general characteristics of the same and does not in any way constitute a description of the specific characteristics by the Manufacturer and / or the Seller. Therefore, we invite the customer to always contact companies in the network to be informed of the specific characteristics and the price in force at the time of purchase - which will be the subject of a single negotiation - and in particular in relation to the availability of the individual product at the time of the order. Legal information Cookie Policy Privacy policy test-drive Test Drive call Call write to us WhatsApp Information This site uses both technical cookies (necessary for its proper functioning) and its own or third party profiling cookies (necessary in order to send advertising messages in line with preferences manifested by users while browsing). Continuing browsing or accessing any section of the site without first changing the settings relating to Cookies will count as implicit acceptance of the receipt of Cookies from this site. The configurations relating to Cookies can be changed at any time by clicking on Cookie Policy or using the "Cookie Policy" link at the bottom of the page. I accept