SEAT New Tarraco | F.lli Sanna logo-seat-sm seat-logo Company Who we are Our company Where we are Our headquarters What is WLTP New consumption standards Created in Barcelona The spirit and culture SEAT SEAT without worries Ibiza models Starting from € 13,000 Discover Leon From € 17,400 Discover Leon Sportourer From € 21,250 Discover New Leon Discover New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Discover Arona From € 16,000 Discover Ateca From € 20,600 Discover New Tarraco From € 26,175 Discover Alhambra A starting from 43.500 € Discover the Business Range Discover the CUPRA Official Website Discover more Price Lists and Catalogs Discover more Offers SEAT Offers Discover the right offers for you SEAT Service Offers Discover the Service offers of the moment SEAT Business Offers Discover the Business offers of the moment SEAT Service Service Beyond the purchase of a SEAT Our Services By your side for every need SEAT Service Offers Discover the mom's Service offers ento Business SEAT for BUSINESS Drive your business SEAT Offers Business Discover the SEAT offers for your Used Business News and events SEAT News The latest news from the SEAT world Contacts Sanl F.lli Nuova SEAT Tarraco Design 20 "alloy wheels Comfort Up to 7 seats Virtual Cockpit technology NCAP safety rating Test Drive Estimate Price lists and catalogs Choose your New SEAT Tarraco Style Always different, always on the move Media System Plus with 8 "touch display SEAT Virtual Cockpit and SEAT Full LED 17" alloy wheels System E-Call, Front and Lane Assist Business Perfect for your business Navigation system with 8 "touch display 18" Performance alloy wheels Pre-Crash and Rollover Assist Light & Style Pack Xcellence Ready to have even more? Navigation system with 8 ”touch display Exclusive 19” alloy wheels Park Assist Electric tailgate with “handsfree” system Configure Design Why not now? In life one cannot wait. We need to act. New SUAT SEAT Tarraco offers cutting-edge design and technology. So nothing can stop you. Technology You have no more excuses. Too late? Too difficult? Not anymore. With Nuova SEAT Tarraco and its cutting-edge technological equipment, your every day becomes much easier. Security Moving forward is the only way. Aren't you the guy who stands by and watches? Thanks to the advanced safety features of the New SEAT Tarraco you will always go in the right direction. Space to grow No dream is too big. A single SUV. Up to 7 seats. Sliding. Lowering. Flexible, according to your lifestyle. And to all your projects. SEAT URBAN VEHICLESTM Your city. Your SUV. Do you love looking at the world from above? When you know the city as your pocket, you know how to live it to the fullest. Services Get back on track. Life doesn't wait, why should you do it? SEAT Service puts you back on track. Company Who we are Where we are What is WLTP Created in Barcelona SEAT without worries Models Ibiza Leon Leon Sportourer New Leon New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Arona Ateca New Tarraco Alhambra Business Range CUPRA Lists and Catalogs Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Service Offers SEAT Business Service SEAT Service Our Services SEAT Service Business Offers SEAT for BUSINESS SEAT Business Offers Used News and Events News SEAT Contacts SEAT Italy Road Test Configurator SEAT motorsport Financial Services Legal Information Cookie Policy Privacy policy Disclaimer: Product prices and specifications. The information relating to the products contained herein is purely indicative of some general characteristics of the same and does not in any way constitute a description of the specific characteristics by the Manufacturer and / or the Seller. Therefore, we invite the customer to always contact companies in the network to be informed of the specific characteristics and the price in force at the time of purchase - which will be the subject of a single negotiation - and in particular in relation to the availability of the individual product at the time of the order. Legal information Cookie Policy Privacy policy test-drive Test Drive call Call write to us WhatsApp Information This site uses both technical cookies (necessary for its proper functioning) and its own or third party profiling cookies (necessary in order to send advertising messages in line with preferences manifested by users while browsing). Continuing browsing or accessing any section of the site without first changing the settings relating to Cookies will count as implicit acceptance of the receipt of Cookies from this site. The configurations relating to Cookies can be changed at any time by clicking on Cookie Policy or using the "Cookie Policy" link at the bottom of the page. I accept