Privacy policy | F.lli Sanna logo-seat-sm seat-logo Company Who we are Our company Where we are Our headquarters What is WLTP New consumption standards Created in Barcelona The spirit and culture SEAT SEAT without worries Ibiza models Starting from € 13,000 Discover Leon From € 17,400 Discover Leon Sportourer From € 21,250 Discover New Leon Discover New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Discover Arona From € 16,000 Discover Ateca From € 20,600 Discover New Tarraco From € 26,175 Discover Alhambra A starting from 43.500 € Discover the Business Range Discover the CUPRA Official Website Discover more Price Lists and Catalogs Discover more Offers SEAT Offers Discover the right offers for you SEAT Service Offers Discover the Service offers of the moment SEAT Business Offers Discover the Business offers of the moment SEAT Service Service Beyond the purchase of a SEAT Our Services By your side for every need SEAT Service Offers Discover the mom's Service offers ento Business SEAT for BUSINESS Guide your business SEAT Business Offers Discover SEAT offers for your Used Business News and events SEAT News The latest news from the SEAT world Contacts Sanl F.lli Privacy policy Introduction This Privacy Policy is intended to describe the how to manage the site currently available at seat.fratellisanna.com with reference to the processing of personal data of users / visitors who consult it. This is an information that is also made pursuant to art. 13 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (hereinafter also "General Regulation for the Protection of Personal Data" or "GDPR") to those who access the aforementioned site. The above site is owned by Volkswagen Group Italia S.p.A. (company subject to the direction and coordination of Volkswagen AG). The information is provided by Volkswagen Group Italia S.p.A. exclusively for the site mentioned above and not for other websites or sections / pages / spaces owned by third parties that may be consulted by the user through specific links. Users / visitors are invited to carefully read this Privacy Policy before providing any type of personal information and / or filling in any electronic form on the site itself. If users / visitors are required, to access certain services, to provide their personal data, specific and detailed information on the related treatment will be released in the pages relating to the individual services, pursuant to art. 13 of the GDPR which will specify the methods, purposes and limits of the treatment itself. Contents 1. Owner, Managers and Authorized to the treatment 2. Contact details of the Data Protection Officer ("DPO") 3. Type of data processed, purpose and legal basis of the processing 4. Recipients of personal data 5. Transfer of data to Third Countries 6. Processing methods and data retention period 7. Data subject's rights 8. Data communication and provision 9. Updating and modification of the Privacy Policy 1. Owner, Managers and Authorized to the treatment The Data Controller is Volkswagen Group Italia SpA, with registered office in 37137 - Verona - Viale GR Gumpert, 1, email: privacy@volkswagengroup.it (hereinafter also "VGI"), Authorized distributor of motor vehicles and related accessories and spare parts marked with Volkswagen brands, Škoda, Audi, SEAT and Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles. In addition to the employees of VGI (Authorized to the treatment), the data processing may also be carried out by third parties to whom the Company has entrusted specific activities connected or instrumental to the performance of the treatments or to the provision of the services offered. In this case, the same subjects will operate as independent Data Controllers, co-Data Controllers or external Data Processors. Specifically, the data processed through this site will be processed electronically on behalf of VGI by Pallino srl, via Decorati al Valor civile, 57 / A, Padua, by the Concessionary chosen by users / visitors and by the Volkswagen, Škoda, Audi sales network. , SEAT and Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles. 2. Contact details of the Data Protection Officer ("DPO") The DPO designated by VGI, who will represent the contact point for Data Subjects, can be reached through the following contact channels: e-mail: dpo @ volkswagengroup. it; fax: +390458623154; mail: Volkswagen Group Italia S.p.A., 37137 - Verona, Viale G. R. Gumpert, 1, RPD office. 3. Type of data processed purposes and legal basis of the processing 3.1. Browsing data The computer systems and software procedures used to operate this site acquire, in normal operation, some personal data which are then implicitly transmitted in the use of Internet communication protocols. This is information that by its nature could, through associations and processing with data held by third parties, allow users / visitors to be identified (e.g. IP address, domain names of the computers used by users / visitors who connect to the site, etc.). These data are used for the sole purpose of obtaining statistical information (therefore they are anonymous) and to check the correct functioning of the site. 3.2. Data provided voluntarily by users / visitors If users / visitors connecting to this site send their personal data to access certain services, or, to make requests via e-mail, they will have the acquisition of such data by VGI and / or of third parties together with whom VGI could provide the service requested by the user / visitor; these data will be processed exclusively to respond to the request, or for the provision of the service in accordance with this Policy and the specific privacy information provided during the subscription to the individual services. 3.3. Purpose of the processing for profiling purposes With the specific consent of the interested party, VGI may use the data provided voluntarily in order to improve the services offered according to the needs of its customers and in order to obtain information on commercial behavior and habits in the automotive sector or financial. The profiling activity, concerning individuals or groups, could be carried out through the processing of customer identification data through a relationship between the data that allow to identify the interested parties and the analytical indications relating to their personal sphere (tastes, preferences, habits , needs and consumer choices). The data will be processed electronically or electronically. The methods of their treatment will be relevant and not excessive in relation to the type of services rendered. For the processing of data pre-profiled, it is mandatory to acquire the consent - specific and separate - of the interested party, who is now informed that this provision is entirely optional and any refusal will not result in any consequence (if not that of prevent the processing of data aimed at profiling). 3.4. Purpose of the processing for direct marketing purposes With the specific consent of the interested party, VGI may use the data provided voluntarily for direct marketing activities, to process studies, research, market statistics; send advertising and informative material; perform direct sales or placement of products or services; send commercial information; make interactive commercial communications. For the processing of data preordained to the conduct of direct marketing activities it is mandatory to acquire the consent - specific and separate - from the interested party, who is now informed that this provision is entirely optional and any refusal will not entail no consequence (if not that of preventing data processing aimed at direct marketing). For some forms of communication by e-mail, fax, automated call systems and messages of the Mms or Sms type or of another type, the need for specific and separate consent also derives from specific provisions regarding unwanted communications or distance selling. Even in the latter cases, the provision is entirely optional and any refusal will have no consequence (if not that of preventing data processing). For the treatments referred to in nos. 3.3. and 3.4. it is specified that the legal basis is represented by the express consent. For the treatments referred to in nos. 3.1 and 3.2. the legal basis is represented by the execution of requested services or reply to the request of users / visitors. 4. Recipients of personal data No data deriving from the web service will be communicated or disclosed to third parties, except to fulfill the obligations established by laws, regulations or community regulations. The personal data expressly provided by users / visitors will be communicated to third parties only if the communication is necessary to comply with the requests of the users / visitors themselves, without prejudice to the provisions of the specific information for the individual services. 5. Transfer of data to third countries Within the scope of the purposes indicated in art. 3 of this information, your personal data will not be communicated / transferred to third parties established in countries not belonging to the European Union, without prejudice to the provisions for the use of cookies in relation to which reference is made to the relative section accessible through the this link Cookie Policy. 6. Processing methods and data retention period The data processing is carried out through automated tools (eg using electronic procedures and media) and / or manually (eg on paper) for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which the data were collected and, in any case, in compliance with the current regulatory provisions on the matter. Personal data will be kept for the period of time strictly necessary for the pursuit of the specific purposes of the processing and, in particular: - for the data indicated in art. 3.1., For the time necessary to carry out the specified activities, except for any investigations of computer crimes against the site; - for the data indicated in art. 3.2., For the time necessary to carry out the requested services or reply to requests made, except for any investigations of computer crimes against the site; any further details on the retention of data regarding the individual service or request made may be provided in the specific information for the individual service requested; - for the purposes indicated in art. 3.3. (profiling) for 12 (twelve) months from the moment of the release of the specific and express consent to the treatment by users / visitors; - for the purposes indicated in art. 3.4. (marketing) for 24 (twenty-four) months from the moment of the release of the specific and express consent to the treatment by users / visitors. 7. Rights of the interested party Users / visitors may at any time exercise the directives indicated below. to. Access to personal data: obtain confirmation whether or not processing of data concerning them is in progress and, in this case, access to the following information: the purposes, the categories of data, the recipients, the retention period, the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, the right to request the rectification or cancellation or limitation of the treatment or opposition to the treatment itself as well as the existence of an automated decision-making process; b. Request for rectification or cancellation of the same or limitation of the treatments that concern them; "limitation" means the marking of data stored with the aim of limiting its processing in the future; c. Opposition to processing: oppose for reasons connected with the particular situation to the processing of data for the execution of a task in the public interest or for the pursuit of a legitimate interest of the Data Controllers; d. Data portability: in the case of automated processing carried out on the basis of consent or in execution of a contract, to receive the data concerning them in a structured format, commonly used and readable by an automatic device; in particular, the data will be provided by the Holders in .xml format, or similar; is. Revocation of consent to the processing for marketing purposes, both direct and indirect, market research and profiling; the exercise of this right does not in any way affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out before the revocation; f. Propose a complaint pursuant to art. 77 GDPR to the competent supervisory authority based on habitual residence, workplace or place of violation of rights; for Italy, the Guarantor for the protection of personal data is competent, which can be contacted through the contact details reported on the website http://www.garanteprivacy.it. The aforementioned rights may be exercised by sending a specific request to the Data Controller through the contact channels indicated in art. 1 of this information. Requests relating to the exercise of rights will be processed without undue delay and, in any case, within one month of the request; only in cases of particular complexity and in the number of requests can this term be extended by a further 2 (two) months. 8. Communication and provision of data Except as specified for the data referred to in art. 3.1 (navigation data, whose failure to contribute coincides with the failure to browse the website), users / visitors are free to provide their personal data and their failure to provide it will only make it impossible to obtain the requested service. 9. Updating and modification of the Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy may undergo changes over time - also connected to the possible entry into force of new sector regulations, to the updating or provision of new services or to technological innovations - therefore the user / visitor is invited to periodically consult this page. Company Who we are Where we are What is WLTP Created in Barcelona SEAT without worries Models Ibiza Leon Leon Sportourer New Leon New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Arona Ateca New Tarraco Alhambra Business Range CUPRA Lists and Catalogs Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Service Offers SEAT Business Service SEAT Service Our Services SEAT Service Business Offers SEAT for BUSINESS SEAT Business Offers Used News and Events News SEAT Contacts SEAT Italy Road Test Configurator SEAT motorsport Financial Services Legal Information Cookie Policy Privacy policy Disclaimer: Product prices and specifications. The information relating to the products contained herein is purely indicative of some general characteristics of the same and does not in any way constitute a description of the specific characteristics by the Manufacturer and / or the Seller. Therefore, we invite the customer to always contact companies in the network to be informed of the specific characteristics and the price in force at the time of purchase - which will be the subject of a single negotiation - and in particular in relation to the availability of the individual product at the time of the order. Legal information Cookie Policy Privacy policy test-drive Test Drive call Call write to us WhatsApp Information This site uses both technical cookies (necessary for its proper functioning) and its own or third party profiling cookies (necessary in order to send advertising messages in line with preferences manifested by users while browsing). Continuing browsing or accessing any section of the site without first changing the settings relating to Cookies will count as implicit acceptance of the receipt of Cookies from this site. The configurations relating to Cookies can be changed at any time by clicking on Cookie Policy or using the "Cookie Policy" link at the bottom of the page. I accept