SEAT Leon | F.lli Sanna logo-seat-sm seat-logo Company Who we are Our company Where we are Our headquarters What is WLTP New consumption standards Created in Barcelona The spirit and culture SEAT SEAT without worries Ibiza models Starting from € 13,000 Discover Leon From € 17,400 Discover Leon Sportourer From € 21,250 Discover New Leon Discover New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Discover Arona From € 16,000 Discover Ateca From € 20,600 Discover New Tarraco From € 26,175 Discover Alhambra A starting from 43.500 € Discover the Business Range Discover the CUPRA Official Website Discover more Price Lists and Catalogs Discover more Offers SEAT Offers Discover the right offers for you SEAT Service Offers Discover the Service offers of the moment SEAT Business Offers Discover the Business offers of the moment SEAT Service Service Beyond the purchase of a SEAT Our Services By your side for every need SEAT Service Offers Discover the mom's Service offers ento Business SEAT for BUSINESS Lead your business SEAT Business Offers Discover SEAT offers for your Used Business News and events SEAT News The latest news from the SEAT world Contacts Sanna F.lli SEAT Leon Design Full LED Comfort headlights Comfort Wireless charger Connectivity Full Link Safety Lane Assist Test Drive Estimate Price lists and catalogs Choose your SEAT Leon Style For those who launch new trends Alloy wheels 16 ″ 30/2 design Electronic parking brake Leather-covered steering wheel and gear knob Front assist Xcellence Nothing less than pure excellence Sensors rear parking Connectivity box (wireless smartphone charging system) SEAT Full Link Kessy (keyless opening and starting system) FR The sporty touch 18 ”“ Performance 30/2 Machined ”alloy wheels (for 1.6 TDI“ Dynamic ”rims 30/2 17 '') SEAT Drive Profile (not available for 1.6 TDI and 1.5 TGI) Door panels with multicolor LED lighting Glasses darkened rear Configure Design Time is precious. Live it to the fullest. Contemporary and iconic, SEAT Leon was born to be lived. What are you waiting for? Every second counts. Technology This is simplifying life. Life is a challenge. Face it with advanced, reliable and, above all, fun technology. Security Say goodbye to worries. Better protection, more security. With SEAT Leon, peace of mind is included. Efficiency You can have it all. Greater fuel efficiency. Less emissions. And always with the best performance. It's your SEAT Leon. Without compromises. Accessories Memories are more beautiful when shared. Space for the family? There is! Space for equipment? There is! Now only adventure is missing. Services Get back on track. Life doesn't wait, why should you do it? SEAT Service puts you back on track. Company Who we are Where we are What is WLTP Created in Barcelona SEAT without worries Models Ibiza Leon Leon Sportourer New Leon New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Arona Ateca New Tarraco Alhambra Business Range CUPRA Lists and Catalogs Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Service Offers SEAT Business Service SEAT Service Our Services SEAT Service Business Offers SEAT for BUSINESS SEAT Business Offers Used News and Events News SEAT Contacts SEAT Italy Road Test Configurator SEAT motorsport Financial Services Legal Information Cookie Policy Privacy policy Disclaimer: Product prices and specifications. The information relating to the products contained herein is purely indicative of some general characteristics of the same and does not in any way constitute a description of the specific characteristics by the Manufacturer and / or the Seller. Therefore, we invite the customer to always contact companies in the network to be informed of the specific characteristics and the price in force at the time of purchase - which will be the subject of a single negotiation - and in particular in relation to the availability of the individual product at the time of the order. Legal information Cookie Policy Privacy policy test-drive Test Drive call Call write to us WhatsApp Information This site uses both technical cookies (necessary for its proper functioning) and its own or third party profiling cookies (necessary in order to send advertising messages in line with preferences manifested by users while browsing). Continuing browsing or accessing any section of the site without first changing the settings relating to Cookies will count as implicit acceptance of the receipt of Cookies from this site. The configurations relating to Cookies can be changed at any time by clicking on Cookie Policy or using the "Cookie Policy" link at the bottom of the page. I accept