Our services | F.lli Sanna logo-seat-sm seat-logo Company Who we are Our company Where we are Our headquarters What is WLTP New consumption standards Created in Barcelona The spirit and culture SEAT SEAT without worries Ibiza models Starting from € 13,000 Discover Leon From € 17,400 Discover Leon Sportourer From € 21,250 Discover New Leon Discover New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Discover Arona From € 16,000 Discover Ateca From € 20,600 Discover New Tarraco From € 26,175 Discover Alhambra A starting from 43.500 € Discover the Business Range Discover the CUPRA Official Website Discover more Price Lists and Catalogs Discover more Offers SEAT Offers Discover the right offers for you SEAT Service Offers Discover the Service offers of the moment SEAT Business Offers Discover the Business offers of the moment SEAT Service Service Beyond the purchase of a SEAT Our Services By your side for every need SEAT Service Offers Discover the mom's Service offers ento Business SEAT for BUSINESS Lead your business SEAT Offers Business Discover SEAT offers for your Used Business News and events SEAT News The latest news from the SEAT world Contacts F.lli Sanna Service Our services We take care of your needs and we offer you a service with attention to the smallest details. Booking Coupon Buying a SEAT car means choosing the maximum of style, reliability and ... Find out more Bodywork In case of need, the most effective solution for a perfect car: our Service ... Find out more Repair windshield It is not always necessary to replace the windshield in case of damage, but it is always ... Find out more Mobility Service Many kilometers to travel ... without wasting time. This is the consideration according to which ... Find out more Tire service Tires are one of the fundamental components of your car: that's why we offer you ... Find out more Text revision to be completed by the Dealer Case 1 Our workshop is authorized by ... Find out more Replacement Car Nobody likes to feel stuck .... and that's how it feels when you leave the car in ... Find out more Original spare parts and accessories Keep your SEAT constantly at its best Form with SEAT® Genuine Parts Not all ... Find out more Company Who we are Where we are What is WLTP Created in Barcelona SEAT without worries Models Ibiza Leon Leon Sportourer New Leon New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Arona Ateca New Tarraco Alhambra Business Range CUPRA Price Lists and Catalogs Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Service Offers SEAT Business Service SEAT Service Our Services SEAT Service Business Offers SEAT for BUSINESS SEAT Offers Business Used News and events SEAT News Contacts SEAT Italy Road test SEAT motorsport configurator Financial Services Legal information Cookie Policy Privacy policy Disclaimer: Product prices and specifications. The information relating to the products contained herein is purely indicative of some general characteristics of the same and does not in any way constitute a description of the specific characteristics by the Manufacturer and / or the Seller. Therefore, we invite the customer to always contact companies in the network to be informed of the specific characteristics and the price in force at the time of purchase - which will be the subject of a single negotiation - and in particular in relation to the availability of the individual product at the time of the order. Legal information Cookie Policy Privacy policy test-drive Test Drive call Call write to us WhatsApp Information This site uses both technical cookies (necessary for its proper functioning) and its own or third party profiling cookies (necessary in order to send advertising messages in line with preferences manifested by users while browsing). Continuing browsing or accessing any section of the site without first changing the settings relating to Cookies will count as implicit acceptance of the receipt of Cookies from this site. The configurations relating to Cookies can be changed at any time by clicking on Cookie Policy or using the "Cookie Policy" link at the bottom of the page. I accept