SEAT for BUSINESS | F.lli Sanna logo-seat-sm seat-logo Company Who we are Our company Where we are Our headquarters What is WLTP New consumption standards Created in Barcelona The spirit and culture SEAT SEAT without worries Ibiza models Starting from € 13,000 Discover Leon From € 17,400 Discover Leon Sportourer From € 21,250 Discover New Leon Discover New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Discover Arona From € 16,000 Discover Ateca From € 20,600 Discover New Tarraco From € 26,175 Discover Alhambra A starting from 43.500 € Discover the Business Range Discover the CUPRA Official Website Discover more Price Lists and Catalogs Discover more Offers SEAT Offers Discover the right offers for you SEAT Service Offers Discover the Service offers of the moment SEAT Business Offers Discover the Business offers of the moment SEAT Service Service Beyond the purchase of a SEAT Our Services By your side for every need SEAT Service Offers Discover the mom's Service offers ento Business SEAT for BUSINESS Guide your business SEAT Business Offers Discover SEAT offers for your Used Business News and events SEAT News The latest news from the SEAT world Contact Sanna F.lli SEAT for Business Take your fleet further. To give an extra boost to your business. Top quality models. Dedicated experts. To always aspire to the best. Our mission The driver first of all. 60 years. Maximum attention dedicated to professionals and to the improvement of the quality of life of those who are always traveling. We offer an innovative design. And maximum efficiency. Giuseppe Tommaso International Fleet and Remarketing Director. Residual value Costs matter. More convenience. Reduced expenses. Minimum maintenance. And more savings. Credentials Our winning team. 0 1 2 SEAT Leon ST Fleets Award 2016 (Spain), Best Station Wagon of the Year (Turkey) SEAT Ateca Fleet News Award 2017, Best Buy Car of Europe 2017, SUV2017 Car (Spain) SEAT Arona Best SUV 2018, Car of the Year 2018 (Denmark) TGI by SEAT Managers, always. The future is today. Ecological fleets. An advantage for the environment. An advantage for the business. SEAT for Business range The choice is yours. Any size. Any power. Whatever fleet you need. We take your business to success. Commitment The right choice. A 100% commitment to your satisfaction. It's a promise. Explain your needs to us. Our experts are here to listen to you. Company Who we are Where we are What is WLTP Created in Barcelona SEAT without worries Models Ibiza Leon Leon Sportourer New Leon New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Arona Ateca New Tarraco Alhambra Business Range CUPRA Lists and Catalogs Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Service Offers SEAT Business Service SEAT Service Our Services SEAT Service Business Offers SEAT for BUSINESS SEAT Business Offers Used News and Events News SEAT Contacts SEAT Italy Road Test Configurator SEAT motorsport Financial Services Legal Information Cookie Policy Privacy policy Disclaimer: Product prices and specifications. The information relating to the products contained herein is purely indicative of some general characteristics of the same and does not in any way constitute a description of the specific characteristics by the Manufacturer and / or the Seller. Therefore, we invite the customer to always contact companies in the network to be informed of the specific characteristics and the price in force at the time of purchase - which will be the subject of a single negotiation - and in particular in relation to the availability of the individual product at the time of the order. Legal information Cookie Policy Privacy policy test-drive Test Drive call Call write to us WhatsApp Information This site uses both technical cookies (necessary for its proper functioning) and its own or third party profiling cookies (necessary in order to send advertising messages in line with preferences manifested by users while browsing). Continuing browsing or accessing any section of the site without first changing the settings relating to Cookies will count as implicit acceptance of the receipt of Cookies from this site. The configurations relating to Cookies can be changed at any time by clicking on Cookie Policy or using the "Cookie Policy" link at the bottom of the page. I accept