SEAT Auto Dealership | F.lli Sanna logo-seat-sm seat-logo Company Who we are Our company Where we are Our headquarters What is WLTP New consumption standards Created in Barcelona The spirit and culture SEAT SEAT without worries Ibiza models Starting from € 13,000 Discover Leon From € 17,400 Discover Leon Sportourer From € 21,250 Discover New Leon Discover New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Discover Arona From € 16,000 Discover Ateca From € 20,600 Discover New Tarraco From € 26,175 Discover Alhambra A starting from 43.500 € Discover the Business Range Discover the CUPRA Official Website Discover more Price Lists and Catalogs Discover more Offers SEAT Offers Discover the right offers for you SEAT Service Offers Discover the Service offers of the moment SEAT Business Offers Discover the Business offers of the moment SEAT Service Service Beyond the purchase of a SEAT Our Services By your side for every need SEAT Service Offers Discover the mom's Service offers ento Business SEAT for BUSINESS Guide your business SEAT Business Offers Discover SEAT offers for your Used Business News and events SEAT News The latest news from the SEAT world Contacts Sanl F.lli Today at your disposal. More than yesterday. We are open and ready to welcome you in compliance with the latest safety standards. Find out more New SEAT Leon. Find out more SEAT natural gas range. Discover the exclusive advantages of Leon, Nuova Arona and Ibiza TGI. Find out more SEAT Black Edition range. Style, design and sportiness have a single color: black. Discover the SEAT Black Edition range. Find out more Promotions SEAT range. The offers tailored for you. Including 4 years of maintenance. On the whole SEAT range. Find out more F.lli Sanna Welcome to the website of the Sanna Brothers Dealership 1918 which offers numerous services dedicated to your car. In our office you can view the entire range of SEAT cars, find out what's new, learn about the outfits and equipment. A team of specialized professionals will be at your disposal to offer you complete assistance and meet you for any need regarding your car. Contact us comfortably also via Whatsapp or by phone at 3289850469. #andratuttobene Find out more about Concessionaria F.lli Sanna. SEAT offers Find out more Our used equipment Find out more Business offers Find out more The SEAT Ibiza range Starting from € 13,000 Discover Methane (tgi) Leon Starting from € 17,400 Discover Methane (tgi) Leon Sportourer Starting from € 21,250 Discover Methane (tgi) New Leon Discover New Hybrid New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Discover New Hybrid Arona From 16.000 € Discover Methane (tgi) Ateca From 20.600 € Discover New Tarraco From 26.175 € Discover New Alhambra From 43.500 € Discover Company Who we are Where we are What is WLTP Created in Barcelona SEAT without worries Models Ibiza Leon Leon Sportourer New Leon New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Arona Ateca New Tarraco Alhambra Business Range CUPRA Lists and Catalogs Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Service Offers SEAT Business Service SEAT Service I Our Services SEAT Service Business Offers SEAT for BUSINESS SEAT Business Offers Used News and Events SEAT News Contacts SEAT Italia Road test SEAT motorsport configurator Financial Services Legal information Cookie Policy Privacy policy Disclaimer: Product prices and specifications. The information relating to the products contained herein is purely indicative of some general characteristics of the same and does not in any way constitute a description of the specific characteristics by the Manufacturer and / or the Seller. Therefore, we invite the customer to always contact companies in the network to be informed of the specific characteristics and the price in force at the time of purchase - which will be the subject of a single negotiation - and in particular in relation to the availability of the individual product at the time of the order. Legal information Cookie Policy Privacy policy test-drive Test Drive call Call write to us WhatsApp Information This site uses both technical cookies (necessary for its proper functioning) and its own or third party profiling cookies (necessary in order to send advertising messages in line with preferences manifested by users while browsing). Continuing browsing or accessing any section of the site without first changing the settings relating to Cookies will count as implicit acceptance of the receipt of Cookies from this site. The configurations relating to Cookies can be changed at any time by clicking on Cookie Policy or using the "Cookie Policy" link at the bottom of the page. I accept