LP Covid | F.lli Sanna logo-seat-sm seat-logo Company Who we are Our company Where we are Our headquarters What is WLTP New consumption standards Created in Barcelona The spirit and culture SEAT SEAT without worries Ibiza models Starting from € 13,000 Discover Leon From € 17,400 Discover Leon Sportourer From € 21,250 Discover New Leon Discover New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Discover Arona From € 16,000 Discover Ateca From € 20,600 Discover New Tarraco From € 26,175 Discover Alhambra A starting from 43.500 € Discover the Business Range Discover the CUPRA Official Website Discover more Price Lists and Catalogs Discover more Offers SEAT Offers Discover the right offers for you SEAT Service Offers Discover the Service offers of the moment SEAT Business Offers Discover the Business offers of the moment SEAT Service Service Beyond the purchase of a SEAT Our Services By your side for every need SEAT Service Offers Discover the mom's Service offers ento Business SEAT for BUSINESS Guide your business SEAT Business Offers Discover SEAT offers for your Used Business News and events SEAT News The latest news from the SEAT world Contacts Sanl F.lli Today at your disposal. More than yesterday. We are open and ready to welcome you in compliance with the latest safety standards. Even if we keep our distance, today we finally go back to travel. Contact us Looking for an answer? We only have solutions. We are waiting for you in the salon to guide you and always offer you a customized solution. Discover our office More information from SEAT Are SEAT dealers and Service Partners open? From Monday 4 May the SEAT sales and service network will gradually open its stores again in compliance with the most recent provisions for the containment of COVID 19 contagion. Therefore, sales and assistance activities do not stop, guaranteeing our service offer mobility and the usual support for all your requests. Can I buy a SEAT also during this period? Buying or renting a SEAT is always possible, and today there are even more options for receiving purchase or rental support. Is the delivery of the cars expected at this time? Car delivery is active, although some delays in delivery times are possible due to interruptions in production and logistics. The SEAT distribution network is working with the aim of meeting the needs of all our customers. I have entered into a contract with Volkswagen Leasing. Given the current situation, can I suspend my monthly payments? Volkswagen Financial Services is working to better support its customers in this difficult time. Given the need to be close to everyone, to provide immediate feedback, a dedicated section has been created on the Volkswagen Financial Services website, from which you can see all the ongoing initiatives and contact customer care obtaining the highest priority, as well as receive indications clear, quick and punctual. On this page you will find all the updated information, procedures and forms to be used to make suspension requests, in accordance with the latest government guidelines. Are the workshops open? Are spare parts available? Not being able to take the car for maintenance, I fear losing the warranty. Our service partners continue to offer the complete workshop service, in order to guarantee maintenance, repair and tire change operations, in compliance with all the necessary protection and safety measures for employees and customers, in compliance with the provisions government. As a further facilitation to carry out maintenance activities, SEAT offers its customers the free pick-up and drop-off service of the car, very useful for minimizing contacts: an employee of your trusted Service Partner will collect the car at your home and will return it at the end of the works. The service is available with the support of the Service Partners participating in the initiative. During the redelivery phase, the car will be sanitized, with the use of an anti-allergenic and safe fragrant sanitizing product for the interior, alcohol-based (70%) and microfine nebulization for effective action. Contact your trusted Service Partner for further details. The spare parts supply system is active. We have decided to extend the terms of both the two-year contractual warranty and the extended warranty (SEAT extended warranty), which is about to expire or has already expired in the period between 1 March 2020 and 31 May 2020, for a maximum period of three months, and in any case not later than 31 August 2020, the limitation of the mileage as part of the extension of the same remains unchanged and in force. If there is an overlap between the extension of the contractual warranty of the car with the start of the SEAT warranty extension, this will be postponed for free for three months with the corresponding extension at the end of the three months. These measures represent a single concession and have been voluntarily adopted by SEAT to help its customers deal with the situation resulting from the consequences of Coronavirus, without any legal obligation and without obligations in the future. Due to the current situation, I was unable to take advantage of the protection and maintenance program that I had previously purchased and which has now expired. Am I entitled to an extension? All deadlines of the SEAT Maintenance Packages scheduled for March and April will be postponed by 90 days. The new expiration of the maintenance services expired in March will therefore become 30/06/2020 while that of the services expiring in April will become 31/07/2020. The extension does not apply if the mileage specified in the contract is exceeded. What happens if I have problems with the car or a warning light comes on? Can I get help right now? If a warning light comes on on your SEAT, you can refer to the descriptions in the manual. Alternatively, you can always contact your trusted Service Partner or SEAT customer service. If the light is red or there are safety problems, please stop and contact the mobility service on the toll-free number 800 018910 (from Monday to Sunday 24 hours a day). Company Who we are Where we are What is WLTP Created in Barcelona SEAT without worries Models Ibiza Leon Leon Sportourer New Leon New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Arona Ateca New Tarraco Alhambra Business Range CUPRA Lists and Catalogs Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Service Offers SEAT Business Service SEAT Service Our Services SEAT Service Business Offers SEAT for BUSINESS SEAT Business Offers Used News and Events News SEAT Contacts SEAT Italy Road Test Configurator SEAT motorsport Financial Services Legal Information Cookie Policy Privacy policy Disclaimer: Product prices and specifications. The information relating to the products contained herein is purely indicative of some general characteristics of the same and does not in any way constitute a description of the specific characteristics by the Manufacturer and / or the Seller. Therefore, we invite the customer to always contact companies in the network to be informed of the specific characteristics and the price in force at the time of purchase - which will be the subject of a single negotiation - and in particular in relation to the availability of the individual product at the time of the order. Legal information Cookie Policy Privacy policy test-drive Test Drive call Call write to us WhatsApp Information This site uses both technical cookies (necessary for its proper functioning) and its own or third party profiling cookies (necessary in order to send advertising messages in line with preferences manifested by users while browsing). Continuing browsing or accessing any section of the site without first changing the settings relating to Cookies will count as implicit acceptance of the receipt of Cookies from this site. The configurations relating to Cookies can be changed at any time by clicking on Cookie Policy or using the "Cookie Policy" link at the bottom of the page. I accept