SEAT Ibiza | F.lli Sanna logo-seat-sm seat-logo Company Who we are Our company Where we are Our headquarters What is WLTP New consumption standards Created in Barcelona The spirit and culture SEAT SEAT without worries Ibiza models Starting from € 13,000 Discover Leon From € 17,400 Discover Leon Sportourer From € 21,250 Discover New Leon Discover New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Discover Arona From € 16,000 Discover Ateca From € 20,600 Discover New Tarraco From € 26,175 Discover Alhambra A starting from 43.500 € Discover the Business Range Discover the CUPRA Official Website Discover more Price Lists and Catalogs Discover more Offers SEAT Offers Discover the right offers for you SEAT Service Offers Discover the Service offers of the moment SEAT Business Offers Discover the Business offers of the moment SEAT Service Service Beyond the purchase of a SEAT Our Services By your side for every need SEAT Service Offers Discover the mom's Service offers ento Business SEAT for BUSINESS Drive your business SEAT Offers Business Discover SEAT offers for your Used Business News and events SEAT News The latest news from the SEAT world Contacts Sanna F.lli SEAT Ibiza Design Full LED Technology Wireless charger Safety evaluation Euro NCAP Comfort BeatsAudio TM Sound System Test Drive Estimate Price lists and catalogs Choose your SEAT Ibiza Reference All the essentials Front Assist air conditioning with pedestrian recognition system as standard Electric windows Hill hold control Style For those who launch new trends Media System color with touch screen from 6.5 "Steering wheel covered in leather LED daytime running lights Interior ambient light Business Technology and design 8" touch screen satellite navigator 15 "alloy wheels Enjoy Metallic paint Fog lights with cornering function Xcellence No less than pure excellence Access system and keyless starter Kessy Cruise control Rear parking sensors ri Front center armrest FR The sporty touch Sports interior 17 "alloy wheels Tinted rear windows SEAT Drive profile Configure Design Want more? Get going. SEAT Ibiza is freedom to choose, to be, to go. Inside and out, adventure is standard. Technology Today is your day. Dance as if nobody was watching you. Share your ideas. Find your way. SEAT Ibiza takes care of the rest. Security Go ahead, we'll take care of everything. Forget about worries. Just think about having fun. Enjoy the road with SEAT Ibiza's innovative safety features. Efficiency Explore the world. Improving it. SEAT Ibiza is designed for a better future. To be lived together. Accessories Your world, your style. Sometimes in life you have to send a message. Unleash your desire for color. Get noticed. SEAT Service Get back on track. Life doesn't wait, why should you do it? Forget any worries. SEAT Service puts you back on track. Company Who we are Where we are What is WLTP Created in Barcelona SEAT without worries Models Ibiza Leon Leon Sportourer New Leon New SEAT Leon Sportstourer Arona Ateca New Tarraco Alhambra Business Range CUPRA Lists and Catalogs Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Offers SEAT Service Offers SEAT Business Service SEAT Service Our Services SEAT Service Business Offers SEAT for BUSINESS SEAT Business Offers Used News and Events News SEAT Contacts SEAT Italy Road Test Configurator SEAT motorsport Financial Services Legal Information Cookie Policy Privacy policy Disclaimer: Product prices and specifications. The information relating to the products contained herein is purely indicative of some general characteristics of the same and does not in any way constitute a description of the specific characteristics by the Manufacturer and / or the Seller. Therefore, we invite the customer to always contact companies in the network to be informed of the specific characteristics and the price in force at the time of purchase - which will be the subject of a single negotiation - and in particular in relation to the availability of the individual product at the time of the order. Legal information Cookie Policy Privacy policy test-drive Test Drive call Call write to us WhatsApp Information This site uses both technical cookies (necessary for its proper functioning) and its own or third party profiling cookies (necessary in order to send advertising messages in line with preferences manifested by users while browsing). Continuing browsing or accessing any section of the site without first changing the settings relating to Cookies will count as implicit acceptance of the receipt of Cookies from this site. The configurations relating to Cookies can be changed at any time by clicking on Cookie Policy or using the "Cookie Policy" link at the bottom of the page. I accept