Imprint – Classic Car Service Fahrzeugtransporte GmbH MenuHome Company Services Oldtimer Transport Oldtimer-Storage Trustee Services Oldtimer Care Our team Our philosophy Our history References Contact 24 h emergency call FacebookTwitterGoogle+ Imprint Site Notice Information pursuant to § 5 TMG Fahrzeugtransporte GmbH Markgröninger Straße 53 71701 Schwieberdingen Commercial Register: HRB 723404 Registration court: Ludwigsburg Represented by: Geschäftsführerin: Jutta Planitzer Contact Phone: +49 (0)7150 – 12 33 00 Telefax: +49 (0)7150 – 12 33 029 E-mail: info@j-planitzer.de VAT ID Sales tax identification number according to § 27 a of the Sales Tax Law: DE 254 794 070 Lizenz Nr.: D-08-019-G-0090 erteilt durch die Erlaubnisbehörde: Landratsamt Ludwigsburg Responsible for the content according to § 55(2) RStV Jutta Planitzer Markgröninger Straße 53 71701 Schwieberdingen We are not willing or obliged to participate in dispute resolution proceedings before a consumer arbitration board. Sources for the images and graphics used: www.swc.hu Liability for Contents As service providers, we are liable for own contents of these websites according to Paragraph 7, Sect. 1 German Telemedia Act (TMG). However, according to Paragraphs 8 to 10 German Telemedia Act (TMG), service providers are not obligated to permanently monitor submitted or stored information or to search for evidences that indicate illegal activities. Legal obligations to removing information or to blocking the use of information remain unchallenged. In this case, liability is only possible at the time of knowledge about a specific violation of law. Illegal contents will be removed immediately at the time we get knowledge of them. Liability for Links Our offer includes links to external third party websites. We have no influence on the contents of those websites, therefore we cannot guarantee for those contents. Providers or administrators of linked websites are always responsible for their own contents. The linked websites had been checked for possible violations of law at the time of the establishment of the link. Illegal contents were not detected at the time of the linking. A permanent monitoring of the contents of linked websites cannot be imposed without reasonable indications that there has been a violation of law. Illegal links will be removed immediately at the time we get knowledge of them. Copyright Contents and compilations published on these websites by the providers are subject to German copyright laws. Reproduction, editing, distribution as well as the use of any kind outside the scope of the copyright law require a written permission of the author or originator. Downloads and copies of these websites are permitted for private use only. The commercial use of our contents without permission of the originator is prohibited. Copyright laws of third parties are respected as long as the contents on these websites do not originate from the provider. Contributions of third parties on this site are indicated as such. However, if you notice any violations of copyright law, please inform us. Such contents will be removed immediately. Realization web presence: loonaxx.de Classic Car Service J. Planitzer Classic Car Service Fahrzeugtransporte GmbH Markgröninger Straße 53 71701 Schwieberdingen Phone: +49 (0)7150 – 12 33 00 E-mail: info@j-planitzer.de Follow us!FacebookTwitterGoogle+ ServicesOldtimer Transport Oldtimer-Storage Trustee Services Oldtimer Care 24 hours emergency call Search for: LinksHome_EN Company References Contact GTC (General Terms and Conditions) GTC aircharter Privacy Imprint Classic Car Service © 2020.