General Terms and Conditions for Aircraft Charter - Classic Car Service Fahrzeugtransporte GmbH MenuHome Announcements Company Services Vehicle Transport Two-wheel Transport Development Motorsport Air Freight Vintage Car Storage Classic Car Service Oldtimer Care Service Our Team Philosophy History Job Offers References Contact 24 Hour Emergency Call FacebookTwitterGoogle + General Terms and Conditions for Airplane Charter valid for J. Planitzer Classic Car Service Vehicle Transport GmbH. 1.) Scope and validity: These terms and conditions apply to all freight contracts for full or partial charter of an aircraft to carry out air transportation, provided that J. Planitzer Classic Car Service Fahrzeugtransporte GmbH (short: "CCS") acts as an indirect or direct contractual partner. By signing all related orders and agreements, the contractual partner (short: "VP") acknowledges that these terms and conditions are applied. In addition, the general terms and conditions of the CCS apply, to which the VP has been informed and has taken note, provided that they do not contradict the components contractually agreed here. 2.) Freight documents The contractor creates all necessary freight documents. 3.) Accompanying documents The client provides all necessary documents 48 hours before departure. 4.) Stand fee For delays or disruptions caused by the customer or his vicarious agents, the stand fee is 60,000 USD per started 60 minutes after the planned start time. 5.) Cancellation fees 25% of the charter price with immediate effect. 50% of the charter price 8 working days before departure. 75% of the charter price 4 working days before departure. 100% of the charter price 3 working days before departure. 6.) Payment terms The contractually agreed charter price only includes the charter for carrying out the air transportation of the air freight specified in the charter data at the above-mentioned conditions. In particular, the charter price does not include the fees that can be imposed by the relevant competent authorities (e.g. airport fees, cargo tax, royalties, non-objection fees) as well as surcharges (including fuel surcharges), war risk insurance, charges, taxes, storage costs, crane rentals , special loading facilities, de-icing measures on the aircraft (at every location or for every technical landing “on route”, also for positioning / deposition flights) and other costs that are additionally incurred on the occasion of the execution of the air transport and are to be borne by the charterer to the extent actually incurred . If these are charged to CCS or the charter company, CCS will pass them on to the client. The charter price is based on the fuel price valid at the time the contract was concluded. CCS reserves the right to make adjustments in the event that the fuel price increases between the time the contract is signed and the flight is actually carried out. 7.) Withdrawal of the parties from the contract and termination The withdrawal from the contract by the client or CCS must be in writing to be effective. The contracting parties can withdraw from the forwarding contract up to 24 hours before the start of the air transportation. In the event that the customer withdraws from the contract, CCS is entitled to withhold or demand the total price, less what CCS had not incurred at the time of the termination. In the event of disruptions or rescheduling for which the client or his vicarious agents are responsible, CCS reserves the right to terminate the existing contract with immediate effect, provided that CCS or the charter company cannot reasonably be expected to adhere to the contract. This can be assumed in particular if the execution of other orders is at risk as a result of a delay or malfunction. In this case, the claim to the agreed remuneration remains, unless the flight does not take place for reasons for which CCS or the charter company or its agents are responsible. CCS will endeavor to agree a replacement date in coordination with the charter company and client, without such a replacement date being owed or guaranteed. In this latter case, CCS reserves the right to increase the agreed charter price depending on the resulting additional costs. If the air transportation cannot be carried out for reasons for which the client or a person from his risk sphere is responsible, CCS is entitled to demand the entire charter price (100%) from the client. In the event of cancellation by CCS, CCS is obliged to repay the full charter price, insofar as this has already been paid. If the withdrawal occurs after a partial service has been performed, only an amount that corresponds to the part of the partial service not performed is to be returned to the client. 8.) Take-off and landing rights The contract is subject to the proviso that the take-off and landing and overflight rights required for implementation are granted. If these rights are not granted in good time, CCS is entitled to withdraw from this contract in whole or in part. CCS must immediately inform the client of the non-granting of the rights described. The client does not have a claim for damages against CCS or its vicarious agents, unless the measures required to obtain the specified rights were not taken intentionally or through gross negligence or not in good time. Since CCS is not an air carrier, CCS is not liable for damage, destruction, loss or delay of cargo or people in the context of air transportation. In any case, any claims against CCS are subject to the rules of the Montreal Convention (MT) or the Warsaw Convention (WA), depending on which of these agreements is applicable to the respective route. If none of these agreements apply, the application of the rules of the Montreal Agreement is hereby agreed. The client is advised that transportation may be subject to the Montreal Convention or Warsaw Convention, which generally limits the carrier's liability for loss or damage to goods, provided the final destination or a stopover point is in a country other than the country of departure . An extract from the MT and the WA can be requested from CCS at any time. 9.) Insurance and liability The customer is advised that he can take out his own insurance for the desired amount, provided that he wishes a greater amount of liability than the liability limited under this contract. If CCS is liable, this is limited to the time at which the air freight or the accompanying person is on board (or the accompanying person when boarding and disembarking) of the aircraft carrying out the air transport and to typically foreseeable damage. According to this regulation, air cargo is on board from the point in time at which the cargo is deposited and stabilized in the cargo hold of the aircraft and until the point at which the stabilized cargo is lifted at the tailgate edge in the fuselage of the aircraft for the first time for the purpose of unloading or is moved. CCS does not perform any storage or loading activities and is not liable for any damage resulting from this. CCS is not liable for damage resulting from the nature of the air cargo being transported or from another defect inherent in the air cargo, in particular improper packaging, sealing or labeling. The same applies in the event that necessary accompanying persons are not suitable or not suitable without special precautions for air transport. The liability of CCS is excluded except in the case of intent and gross negligence, if the air carrier is refused to carry the air because it has come to the conclusion, after a due examination, that the relevant regulations of the air transport do not allow or the damage on the cargo or health impairments occur with necessary accompanying persons. All liability limitations included in this contract also apply in favor of the operating air carrier and / or the charter company. CCS is not liable for damage resulting from the fulfillment of state regulations by the operating air carrier. CCS is not liable for loss or damage to the freight as well as personal injury or bodily injury, cancellation of flights, delays or any other damage that the charterer or third parties suffer as a result of force majeure. These include, but are not limited to: bad weather, arrest, judicial seizure, strikes or other events that were not foreseeable by CCS. Force majeure also includes: war, civil war, civil unrest, or events similar to war and events that result from the hostile use of war tools as a result of one of these dangers, regardless of the state of war. terrorist or political acts of violence, regardless of the number of people involved. This includes any action by persons or groups of people to achieve political, religious, ethnic, ideological or similar goals that are capable of spreading fear and terror in the population or parts of the population and thereby influencing a government or state institutions or part of the same to take. Dangers of nuclear energy or other ionizing radiation. Confiscation, confiscation or other interference by a governmental hand. Dangers from the use - by whom - of chemical, biological, biochemical substances or electromagnetic waves as weapons with a dangerous effect on the public, regardless of other contributing causes. If the provision of services for CCS becomes impossible for reasons for which CCS is not responsible - including force majeure - CCS is released from its obligation to perform. If the possibility of providing the service is delayed for such reasons for which CCS is not responsible, the service obligations are extended accordingly. If the delays are not insignificant, CCS is entitled to terminate the agreement with immediate effect. Services already rendered as well as costs and fees incurred are to be paid for by the client in this case. If the aircraft has already been made available for loading at the intended departure location, the latter remains obliged to provide the agreed consideration. In the event of termination by the client, the above paragraph applies. All flight times are subject to change and cannot be guaranteed. CCS is not liable for costs of any kind that arise for the client or third parties as a result of delays, deviations from the flight schedule or rerouting of a flight. The resulting transport costs as well as other additional expenses are to be paid for by the client, who is liable for any losses and damage that arise in these cases. 10.) Contractual obligations of the customer The customer must immediately notify CCS and the executing air freight carrier in writing of damage to the air freight which has arisen as a result of the air transportation, and adequately identify the damaged freight, the type of damage and the approximate time of the damage. Externally recognizable damage must be reported in writing when taking over, hidden damage no later than 14 days after taking over the air freight. Otherwise, Art. 31 MT applies accordingly. The client is responsible for the correctness and completeness of the contractually specified information and all transport documents. The client is liable for all damage that is based on incorrect or incomplete information. CCS is released by the client for all further damages that arise due to such omissions. The customer must ensure that the freight to be transported is properly packaged and labeled and that the freight and any necessary accompanying persons on board are suitable for air transportation, that all import and export as well as entry and exit regulations are observed. CCS has no obligation to test this. The transport of people or goods and animals that are not fit to fly without restrictions is only at the expense and risk of the customer. The client is responsible for complying with the charter company's conditions of carriage. CCS will request this from the charter company upon request and make it available to the client upon receipt. The client undertakes and guarantees that every person who is directly or indirectly connected to the provision of the services for CCS under this contract complies with all laws of the country and all other applicable anti-corruption laws and in particular also the UK Bribery Act, and CCS will provide immediate information about any inappropriate offer or solicitation for a financial or other benefit or benefit in connection with the performance of this contract. 11.) Other Changes or additions to this agreement or this formal requirement must be in text form to be effective (email is sufficient). The provisions of this agreement replace all previous verbal or written agreements. They apply primarily to any other contractual terms that are hereby contradicted. The ineffectiveness of individual provisions of this agreement does not conflict with the effectiveness of the remaining provisions. If necessary, the contracting parties will endeavor to find a substitute regulation which corresponds to the meaning of this agreement and which is based on the respective regulations of the Montreal Convention. This also applies to gaps or clauses that require interpretation. In addition, the latest version of the ADSp (General German Freight Forwarder Conditions) applies, to which the customer has been informed and which the customer has taken note of, unless you contradict the content contractually agreed here. In addition, the general terms and conditions of the CCS apply, to which the client has been informed and has taken note of them, provided that they do not contradict the components contractually agreed here. The place of jurisdiction is Ludwigsburg. The competent court is the district court regardless of the amount in dispute. The application of German law has been agreed. As of December 2015 Classic Car Service J. Planitzer Classic Car Service Fahrzeugtransporte GmbH Markgröninger Straße 53 71701 Schwieberdingen Phone: +49 (0) 7150 - 12 33 00 E-mail: info@j-planitzer.de Follow us! FacebookTwitterGoogle + ServicesVehicle Transport Development Motorsport Classic car storage Classic car care service 24 hour emergency call Search for: LinksHome Company References & Partners Contact Terms and Conditions Terms and Conditions for Airplane Charter Privacy Policy Imprint Classic Car Service © 2020.