Company – Classic Car Service Fahrzeugtransporte GmbH MenuHome Company Services Oldtimer Transport Oldtimer-Storage Trustee Services Oldtimer Care Our team Our philosophy Our history References Contact 24 h emergency call FacebookTwitterGoogle+ A company and its family Our team “Classic car service” is family business which includes a staff of 30 people. LOYALTY and COHESION are very important to us. Many years of professional experience and competence, the ability to satisfy even the most unusual customer requests and an intuitive sense of security requirements shape the special service of our team. We look forward to meeting you. Our philosophy As owner and manager of the company, it is important to us to meet our customers with values, the Bible teaches us: Honesty, loyalty, relationship, respect for the human and his property (in our case, his car). This attitude has been appreciated by many customers of Classic Car Service. Because, nobody wants to give his valuable property in the hands of a stranger. Each vehicle requires individual treatment, because it embodies a piece of automotive history, a bit of driving culture. We share the passion and the love of the owners to their vehicles. Our history The family-owned transportation company in Schwieberdingen already exists since 1977. Here grew up the owner Jutta Planitzer. Cars accompany her since her early childhood, and she practiced also in dealing with customers. 1999 Jutta Planitzer got a BMW 1802 and began to concern herself with classic cars, especially with the professional assessment, professional storage and transportation of noble vintage beauties. This was the initial spark for today’s focus and specialization of the company. Our staff picture gallery is currently in progress, you will soon find here new team members and photos. Classic Car Service J. Planitzer Classic Car Service Fahrzeugtransporte GmbH Markgröninger Straße 53 71701 Schwieberdingen Phone: +49 (0)7150 – 12 33 00 E-mail: info@j-planitzer.de Follow us!FacebookTwitterGoogle+ ServicesOldtimer Transport Oldtimer-Storage Trustee Services Oldtimer Care 24 hours emergency call Search for: LinksHome_EN Company References Contact GTC (General Terms and Conditions) GTC aircharter Privacy Imprint Classic Car Service © 2020.