Data Protection Declaration - Backwind Leipzig Jump to content Menu We Shop Employees Offer Advice Demonstration Bikes Products Workshop Careers Self Help Data Protection Declaration Data Protection Declaration This data protection declaration clarifies the type, scope and purpose of the processing of personal data (hereinafter referred to as "data") within our online offer and with related websites, functions and content as well as external online presences, such as our social media profile (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "online offer"). With regard to the terminology used, e.g. “Processing” or “responsible person”, we refer to the definitions in Art. 4 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Responsible tailwind OHG owner: Morris Anton & Ronny Deutscher & Maik Weber Schnorrstrasse 23 04229 Leipzig tresen@rueckenwind-leipzig.de Imprint Types of processed data: - Inventory data (e.g., names, addresses). - Contact details (e.g., email, telephone numbers). - Content data (e.g. text entries, photographs, videos). - Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times). - Meta / communication data (e.g., device information, IP addresses). Categories of data subjects Visitors and users of the online offer (in the following we refer to the data subjects collectively as "users"). Purpose of processing - making the online offer, its functions and content available. - Answering contact requests and communicating with users. - Safety measures. - Range measurement / marketing The terms used "personal data" are all information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter "data subject"); An identifiable person is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by assigning an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier (e.g. cookie) or one or more special features, expressing the physical, physiological, genetic, psychological, economic, cultural or social identity of this natural person. “Processing” is any process carried out with or without the help of automated processes or any such series of processes in connection with personal data. The term goes far and covers practically every handling of data. "Pseudonymization" means the processing of personal data in such a way that the personal data can no longer be assigned to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that this additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organizational measures that ensure that the personal data cannot be assigned to an identified or identifiable natural person. “Profiling” means any type of automated processing of personal data, which consists in the fact that this personal data is used to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular aspects relating to work performance, economic situation, health, personal Analyze or predict the preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or relocation of this natural person. The “person responsible” is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body that alone or together with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data. "Processor" means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body that processes personal data on behalf of the person responsible. Relevant legal basis In accordance with Art. 13 GDPR, we will inform you of the legal basis for our data processing. Unless the legal basis is mentioned in the data protection declaration, the following applies: The legal basis for obtaining consent is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a and Art. 7 GDPR, the legal basis for processing for the performance of our services and implementation of contractual measures as well as answering inquiries is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR, the legal basis for processing to fulfill our legal obligations is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. c GDPR, and the legal basis for processing to protect our legitimate interests is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. In the event that vital interests of the data subject or another natural person require the processing of personal data, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. d GDPR serves as the legal basis. Security measures We take appropriate measures in accordance with Art. 32 GDPR, taking into account the state of the art, the implementation costs and the type, scope, circumstances and purposes of the processing as well as the different probability and severity of the risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of protection appropriate to the risk. The measures include, in particular, ensuring the confidentiality, integrity and availability of data by controlling the physical access to the data, as well as the access, input, transfer, securing availability and its separation. Furthermore, we have set up procedures that guarantee the exercise of data subject rights, deletion of data and reaction to data threats. We also take the protection of personal data into account when developing or selecting hardware, software and processes, in accordance with the principle of data protection through technology design and data protection-friendly default settings (Art. 25 GDPR). Cooperation with processors and third parties If we disclose data to other people and companies (processors or third parties) as part of our processing, transfer them to them or otherwise give them access to the data, this is only based on legal permission (e.g. if a transfer the data to third parties, such as payment service providers, is required to fulfill the contract in accordance with Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR), you have a legal obligation to do so, or based on our legitimate interests (e.g. when using agents, web hosts) , Etc.). If we commission third parties to process data on the basis of a so-called "order processing contract", this is done on the basis of Art. 28 GDPR. Transfers to third countries If we process data in a third country (i.e. outside the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA)) or this takes place within the scope of the use of third-party services or disclosure or transmission of data to third parties, this is done only if it happens to fulfill our (pre) contractual obligations, on the basis of your consent, on the basis of a legal obligation or on the basis of our legitimate interests. Subject to legal or contractual permissions, we process or have the data processed in a third country only if the special requirements of Art. 44 ff. GDPR are met. I.e. the processing takes place e.g. on the basis of special guarantees, such as the officially recognized determination of a data protection level corresponding to the EU (e.g. for the USA through the "Privacy Shield") or compliance with officially recognized special contractual obligations (so-called "standard contractual clauses"). Rights of the data subjects You have the right to request confirmation as to whether the data in question are being processed and for information about this data as well as for further information and a copy of the data in accordance with Art. 15 GDPR. You have accordingly. Art. 16 DSGVO the right to request the completion of the data concerning you or the correction of the incorrect data concerning you. In accordance with Art. 17 GDPR, you have the right to request that the data in question be deleted immediately, or alternatively, in accordance with Art. 18 GDPR, to request that the processing of the data be restricted. You have the right to request that the data concerning you, which you have provided to us, be received in accordance with Art. 20 GDPR and to request their transmission to other responsible persons. You have also gem. Art. 77 GDPR the right to file a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. Right of withdrawal You have the right to withdraw consent in accordance with Art. 7 Para. 3 GDPR with effect for the future. Right of objection You can object to the future processing of your data in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR at any time. The objection can in particular be made against processing for direct marketing purposes. Cookies and right to object to direct advertising “Cookies” are small files that are stored on users' computers. Different information can be stored within the cookies. A cookie is primarily used to store information about a user (or the device on which the cookie is stored) during or after their visit within an online offer. Temporary cookies, or “session cookies” or “transient cookies”, are cookies that are deleted after a user leaves an online offer and closes his browser. In such a cookie e.g. the content of a shopping cart in an online shop or a login status can be saved. Cookies are referred to as "permanent" or "persistent" and remain saved even after the browser is closed. For example, the login status is saved if the users visit it after several days. Such a cookie can also be used to store the interests of users who are used for range measurement or marketing purposes. A “third party cookie” refers to cookies that are offered by providers other than the person responsible for operating the online offer (otherwise, if they are only their cookies, we speak of “first party cookies”). We can use temporary and permanent cookies and clarify this in the context of our data protection declaration. If users do not want cookies to be stored on their computer, they are asked to deactivate the corresponding option in the system settings of their browser. Stored cookies can be deleted in the system settings of the browser. The exclusion of cookies can lead to functional restrictions of this online offer. A general objection to the use of cookies used for online marketing purposes can be found on a large number of services, especially in the case of tracking, via the US website http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or the EU website http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ be explained. Furthermore, cookies can be saved by switching them off in the browser settings. Please note that not all functions of this online offer can then be used. Deletion of data The data processed by us are deleted in accordance with Art. 17 and 18 GDPR or their processing is restricted. Unless expressly stated in this data protection declaration, the data stored by us will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required for its intended purpose and there are no statutory retention requirements to prevent deletion. If the data is not deleted because it is required for other and legally permissible purposes, its processing will be restricted. I.e. the data will be blocked and not processed for other purposes. This applies e.g. for data that must be kept for commercial or tax reasons. According to legal requirements in Germany, storage is carried out in particular for 10 years in accordance with §§ 147 Paragraph 1 AO, 257 Paragraph 1 No. 1 and 4, Paragraph 4 HGB (books, records, management reports, booking vouchers, trading books, more relevant for taxation Documents, etc.) and 6 years according to § 257 Paragraph 1 No. 2 and 3, Paragraph 4 HGB (commercial letters). According to legal requirements in Austria, storage is carried out for 7 years in particular in accordance with Section 132 (1) BAO (accounting documents, receipts / invoices, accounts, receipts, business papers, statement of income and expenses, etc.) for 22 years in connection with land and for 10 years for documents in connection with electronically provided services, telecommunication, radio and television services, which are provided to non-entrepreneurs in EU member states and for which the mini-one-stop shop (MOSS) is used. Contractual services We process the data of our contractual partners and interested parties as well as other clients, customers, clients, clients or contractual partners (referred to collectively as "contractual partners") in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b. GDPR, to provide you with our contractual or pre-contractual services. The data processed here, the type, scope, purpose and necessity of their processing are determined by the underlying contractual relationship. The processed data includes the master data of our contractual partners (e.g., names and addresses), contact details (e.g. email addresses and telephone numbers) as well as contract data (e.g., services used, contract content, contractual communication, names of contact persons) and payment data (e.g., Bank details, payment history). We generally do not process special categories of personal data, unless they are part of commissioned or contractual processing. We process data that are necessary for the establishment and fulfillment of the contractual services and point out the necessity of their specification, unless this is evident to the contractual partners. Disclosure to external persons or companies only takes place if it is required under a contract. When processing the data provided to us as part of an order, we act in accordance with the instructions of the client and the legal requirements. As part of the use of our online services, we can save the IP address and the time of the respective user action. The storage takes place on the basis of our legitimate interests, as well as the interests of the users in the protection against misuse and other unauthorized use. As a matter of principle, this data will not be passed on to third parties unless it is used to pursue our claims in Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR required or there is a legal obligation in accordance with. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c. GDPR. The data will be deleted if the data is no longer required to fulfill contractual or statutory care obligations and to deal with any warranty and comparable obligations, with the necessity of storing the data being checked every three years; otherwise, the statutory retention requirements apply. External payment service providers We use external payment service providers, whose platforms users and we can use to make payment transactions (e.g., each with a link to the data protection declaration, PayPal (https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full ), Klarna (https://www.klarna.com/de/datenschutz/), Skrill (https://www.skrill.com/de/fusszeile/datenschutzrichtlinie/), Giropay (https: //www.giropay. de / legal / data protection-terms /), Visa (https://www.visa.de/datenschutz), Mastercard (https://www.mastercard.de/de-de/datenschutz.html), American Express (https : //www.americanexpress.com/de/content/privacy-policy-statement.html) In the context of fulfilling contracts, we use the payment service providers on the basis of Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR we use external payment service providers on the basis of our legitimate interests in accordance with Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR in order to offer our users effective and secure payment options The data processed by the payment service provider includes inventory data, such as the name and address, bank details, such as Account numbers or credit card numbers, passwords, TANs and checksums as well as the contract, sums and recipient-related information. The information is required to complete the transactions. However, the data entered will only be processed and saved by the payment service providers. I.e. we do not receive any account or credit card-related information, only information with confirmation or negative information about the payment. The data may be transmitted by the payment service provider to credit agencies. The purpose of this transmission is to verify identity and creditworthiness. We refer to the terms and conditions and data protection information of the payment service providers. The terms and conditions and the data protection notices of the respective payment service providers apply to the payment transactions, which can be called up within the respective websites or transaction applications. We also refer to these for further information and assertion of cancellation, information and other data subject rights. Administration, financial accounting, office organization, contact management We process data in the context of administrative tasks as well as organization of our company, financial accounting and compliance with legal obligations, such as archiving. We process the same data that we process as part of the provision of our contractual services. The processing bases are Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. c. GDPR, Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f. GDPR. Customers, interested parties, business partners and website visitors are affected by the processing. The purpose and our interest in processing lies in the administration, financial accounting, office organization, archiving of data, i.e. tasks that serve to maintain our business activities, perform our tasks and provide our services. The deletion of the data with regard to contractual services and contractual communication corresponds to the information mentioned in these processing activities. We disclose or transmit data to the financial administration, consultants such as tax advisors or auditors, as well as other fee agencies and payment service providers. Furthermore, based on our business interests, we store information about suppliers, organizers and other business partners, e.g. for later contact. We generally store this mostly company-related data permanently. Comment subscriptions The follow-up comments can be made by users with their consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. The users will receive a confirmation email to check whether they are the owner of the email address entered. Users can unsubscribe from ongoing comment subscriptions at any time. The confirmation email will contain information about the cancellation options. For the purpose of proving the user's consent, we save the time of registration together with the user's IP address and delete this information when users unsubscribe from the subscription. You can cancel the receipt of our subscription at any time, i.e. Revoke your consent. Based on our legitimate interests, we can save the e-mail addresses that have been removed for up to three years before we delete them in order to be able to prove a previously given consent. The processing of this data is limited to the purpose of a possible defense against claims. An individual request for deletion is possible at any time, provided that the previous consent is confirmed. Establishing contact When contacting us (e.g. via contact form, email, telephone or via social media), the information provided by the user for processing the contact request and processing it in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b. (within the framework of contractual / pre-contractual relationships), Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. (other inquiries) GDPR processed .. The information of the users can be stored in a customer relationship management system ("CRM system") or comparable inquiry organization. We delete the requests if they are no longer necessary. We check the necessity every two years; The statutory archiving obligations also apply. Hosting and e-mail delivery The hosting services we use serve to provide the following services: infrastructure and platform services, computing capacity, storage space and database services, e-mail delivery, security services and technical maintenance services that we use for the purpose of Operating this online offer. Here, we or our hosting provider process inventory data, contact data, content data, contract data, usage data, meta and communication data of customers, interested parties and visitors to this online offer based on our legitimate interests in the efficient and secure provision of this online offer in accordance with. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR in conjunction Art. 28 GDPR (conclusion of an order processing contract). Collection of access data and log files We, or our hosting provider, collect based on our legitimate interests within the meaning of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f. GDPR data about every access to the server on which this service is located (so-called server log files). The access data includes the name of the website accessed, file, date and time of access, amount of data transferred, notification of successful access, browser type and version, the user's operating system, referrer URL (the previously visited page), IP address and the requesting provider . For security reasons (e.g. to investigate misuse or fraud), log file information is stored for a maximum of 7 days and then deleted. Data whose further storage is necessary for evidence purposes are excluded from deletion until the respective incident has been finally clarified. Cloudflare Content Delivery Network We use a so-called “Content Delivery Network” (CDN), offered by Cloudflare, Inc., 101 Townsend St, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. Cloudflare is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus offers a guarantee to comply with European data protection law (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnZKAA0&status=Active). A CDN is a service with the help of which contents of our online offer, in particular large media files, such as graphics or scripts, can be delivered more quickly with the help of regionally distributed and connected servers. The processing of user data is carried out solely for the aforementioned purposes and to maintain the security and functionality of the CDN. The use is based on our legitimate interests, i.e. Interest in a safe and efficient provision, analysis and optimization of our online offer acc. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR. For more information, see Cloudflare's privacy policy: https://www.cloudflare.com/security-policy. Google Analytics We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google LLC (“Google”), based on our legitimate interests (ie interest in the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer within the meaning of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. GDPR). a. Google uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about the use of the online offer by the user is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thereby offers a guarantee to comply with European data protection law (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active). Google will use this information on our behalf to evaluate the use of our online offer by users, to compile reports on the activities within this online offer and to provide us with other services related to the use of this online offer and the internet. Pseudonymous user profiles can be created from the processed data. We only use Google Analytics with activated IP anonymization. This means that the IP address of the user is shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The full IP address is only transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. The IP address transmitted by the user's browser is not merged with other Google data. Users can prevent cookies from being saved by making the appropriate settings in their browser software; Users can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to their use of the online offer and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: http: // tools .google.com / dlpage / gaoptout? hl = de. Further information on the use of data by Google, setting and objection options can be found in Google's data protection declaration (https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads) and in the settings for the display of advertisements by Google (https: // adssettings.google.com/authenticated). The personal data of the users will be deleted or anonymized after 14 months. Facebook Pixel, Custom Audiences and Facebook Conversion Within our online offer, due to our legitimate interests in analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer and for these purposes, the so-called "Facebook Pixel" of the social network Facebook, which is provided by Facebook Inc. , 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA, or if you are based in the EU, Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbor, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Facebook") . Facebook is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus offers a guarantee to comply with European data protection law (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active). With the help of the Facebook pixel, Facebook is able, on the one hand, to determine the visitors of our online offer as a target group for the display of advertisements (so-called "Facebook ads"). Accordingly, we use the Facebook pixel to only display the Facebook ads we have placed to those Facebook users who have shown an interest in our online offer or who have certain characteristics (e.g. interests in certain topics or products based on the number of visitors visited Websites determined) that we transmit to Facebook (so-called "custom audiences"). With the help of the Facebook pixel, we would also like to ensure that our Facebook ads correspond to the potential interest of the users and do not have a nuisance. With the help of the Facebook pixel, we can also understand the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users were forwarded to our website after clicking on a Facebook ad (so-called "conversion"). The processing of the data by Facebook takes place within the framework of Facebook's data usage guidelines. Accordingly, general information on the display of Facebook ads, in the data usage policy of Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policy. You can find special information and details about the Facebook pixel and how it works in the Facebook help section: https://www.facebook.com/business/help/651294705016616. You can object to the recording by the Facebook pixel and the use of your data to display Facebook ads. To set which types of advertisements are displayed to you on Facebook, you can call up the page set up by Facebook and follow the instructions on the settings for usage-based advertising there: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads. The settings are platform independent, i.e. they are adopted for all devices, such as desktop computers or mobile devices. You can also use cookies that are used for range measurement and advertising purposes via the deactivation page of the network advertising initiative (http://optout.networkadvertising.org/) and also the US website (http://www.aboutads.info/ choices) or the European website (http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices/). Online presences in social media We maintain online presences within social networks and platforms in order to communicate with the customers, interested parties and users active there and to be able to inform them about our services. When calling up the respective networks and platforms, the terms and conditions and the data processing guidelines of their respective operators apply. Unless otherwise stated in our data protection declaration, we process the data of users provided that they communicate with us within social networks and platforms, e.g. Write articles on our online presence or send us messages. Integration of services and content from third parties We place content or service offers from third-party providers within our online offer based on our legitimate interests (ie interest in the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer within the meaning of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. GDPR) a to their content and services, such as Include videos or fonts (hereinafter referred to as “content”). This always presupposes that the third-party providers of this content perceive the IP address of the user, since without the IP address they could not send the content to their browser. The IP address is therefore required to display this content. We strive to only use content whose respective providers only use the IP address to deliver the content. Third-party providers can also use so-called pixel tags (invisible graphics, also known as "web beacons") for statistical or marketing purposes. The "pixel tags" can be used to evaluate information such as visitor traffic on the pages of this website. The pseudonymous information can also be stored in cookies on the user's device and contain, among other things, technical information about the browser and operating system, referring websites, time of visit and other information on the use of our online offer, as well as being linked to such information from other sources. Vimeo We can integrate the videos of the platform “Vimeo” from the provider Vimeo Inc., Attention: Legal Department, 555 West 18th Street New York, New York 10011, USA. Data protection declaration: https://vimeo.com/privacy. We point out that Vimeo can use Google Analytics and refer to the data protection declaration (https://www.google.com/policies/privacy) and opt-out options for Google Analytics (http://tools.google .com / dlpage / gaoptout? hl = de) or Google's settings for data use for marketing purposes (https://adssettings.google.com/.). YouTube We integrate the videos of the “YouTube” platform from Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Data protection declaration: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/, opt-out: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated. Google Fonts We integrate the fonts (“Google Fonts”) from the provider Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Data protection declaration: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/, opt-out: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated. Google ReCaptcha We bind the function to detect bots, e.g. bei Eingaben in Onlineformularen („ReCaptcha“) des Anbieters Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, ein. Datenschutzerklärung: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/, Opt-Out: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated. Google Maps Wir binden die Landkarten des Dienstes “Google Maps” des Anbieters Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, ein. Zu den verarbeiteten Daten können insbesondere IP-Adressen und Standortdaten der Nutzer gehören, die jedoch nicht ohne deren Einwilligung (im Regelfall im Rahmen der Einstellungen ihrer Mobilgeräte vollzogen), erhoben werden. Die Daten können in den USA verarbeitet werden. Datenschutzerklärung: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/, Opt-Out: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated. Verwendung von Facebook Social Plugins Wir nutzen auf Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen (d.h. Interesse an der Analyse, Optimierung und wirtschaftlichem Betrieb unseres Onlineangebotes im Sinne des Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f. DSGVO) Social Plugins („Plugins“) des sozialen Netzwerkes facebook.com, welches von der Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Irland betrieben wird („Facebook“). Hierzu können z.B. Inhalte wie Bilder, Videos oder Texte und Schaltflächen gehören, mit denen Nutzer Inhalte dieses Onlineangebotes innerhalb von Facebook teilen können. Die Liste und das Aussehen der Facebook Social Plugins kann hier eingesehen werden: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. Facebook ist unter dem Privacy-Shield-Abkommen zertifiziert und bietet hierdurch eine Garantie, das europäische Datenschutzrecht einzuhalten (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active). Wenn ein Nutzer eine Funktion dieses Onlineangebotes aufruft, die ein solches Plugin enthält, baut sein Gerät eine direkte Verbindung mit den Servern von Facebook auf. Der Inhalt des Plugins wird von Facebook direkt an das Gerät des Nutzers übermittelt und von diesem in das Onlineangebot eingebunden. Dabei können aus den verarbeiteten Daten Nutzungsprofile der Nutzer erstellt werden. Wir haben daher keinen Einfluss auf den Umfang der Daten, die Facebook mit Hilfe dieses Plugins erhebt und informiert die Nutzer daher entsprechend unserem Kenntnisstand. Durch die Einbindung der Plugins erhält Facebook die Information, dass ein Nutzer die entsprechende Seite des Onlineangebotes aufgerufen hat. Ist der Nutzer bei Facebook eingeloggt, kann Facebook den Besuch seinem Facebook-Konto zuordnen. Wenn Nutzer mit den Plugins interagieren, zum Beispiel den Like Button betätigen oder einen Kommentar abgeben, wird die entsprechende Information von Ihrem Gerät direkt an Facebook übermittelt und dort gespeichert. Falls ein Nutzer kein Mitglied von Facebook ist, besteht trotzdem die Möglichkeit, dass Facebook seine IP-Adresse in Erfahrung bringt und speichert. Laut Facebook wird in Deutschland nur eine anonymisierte IP-Adresse gespeichert. Zweck und Umfang der Datenerhebung und die weitere Verarbeitung und Nutzung der Daten durch Facebook sowie die diesbezüglichen Rechte und Einstellungsmöglichkeiten zum Schutz der Privatsphäre der Nutzer, können diese den Datenschutzhinweisen von Facebook entnehmen: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. Wenn ein Nutzer Facebookmitglied ist und nicht möchte, dass Facebook über dieses Onlineangebot Daten über ihn sammelt und mit seinen bei Facebook gespeicherten Mitgliedsdaten verknüpft, muss er sich vor der Nutzung unseres Onlineangebotes bei Facebook ausloggen und seine Cookies löschen. Weitere Einstellungen und Widersprüche zur Nutzung von Daten für Werbezwecke, sind innerhalb der Facebook-Profileinstellungen möglich: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads  oder über die US-amerikanische Seite http://www.aboutads.info/choices/  oder die EU-Seite http://www.youronlinechoices.com/. Die Einstellungen erfolgen plattformunabhängig, d.h. sie werden für alle Geräte, wie Desktopcomputer oder mobile Geräte übernommen. Erstellt mit Datenschutz-Generator.de von RA Dr. Thomas Schwenke Alltagsräder Touren- und Reiseräder Sporträder Lastenräder Kinderräder Spezialräder E-Bikes Zubehör Startseite Angebot Werkstatt Impressum Datenschutz Unsere Website nutzt Cookies, um bestmögliche Funktionalität bieten zu können. More information Ok