Employees - Tailwind Leipzig Skip to content Menu We Shop Employees Offer Advice Demonstration bicycles Products Workshop Career Self-help Employee Ronny Ronny Deutscher is co-founder of the Tailwind and takes care of sales. The trained energy electronics technician sees himself as a two-wheeler all-rounder and at MZ Engineering in Zschopau he has learned a lot from riding motorcycles, which he can use in the tailwind, for example when designing individual Patria bikes. Because building good bikes is very important to Ronny: "If someone had done it that way, I would have applied there." Instead, Ronny has just founded his own shop and is now enjoying it, from everyday bikes for small people to world travel bikes for robust operation to put everything that tailwind customers want. "Nobody else takes the time we take," says Ronny. And: “There is no other type of vehicle that allows you to give your monkey sugar like this. What else has so much utility, so many options and is still somehow affordable? ”Morris Anton Morris is the managing director and co-founder of the backwind OHG. He is the “girl for everything” in daily operation: He keeps the workshop on course, advises with a lot of specialist knowledge and a trained eye on ergonomics and is familiar with all two-wheeled phenomena, from everyday cycling to medical devices. Morris was one of the founders of the tailwind because he wants to make the "most beautiful way to get around" accessible to as many people as possible. Wheel enjoyment is Morris' elixir and drive. That's why he hasn't got a driver's license to date, but has made several alpine crossings and even more trail laps in the single-track paradise "Pod Smrkem". Mario "Pusher" Pusch Mario Pusch is a passionate screwdriver. He trained with us as a bicycle mechanic and later as a two-wheel mechanic because bicycles have been his passion since childhood. For Mario, they mean mobility, self-fulfillment and therapy. From the GDR folding bike to the fat downhill bike, he cared for and owned everything, he can disassemble and reassemble a seven-speed hub blindfolded and if he can make customers happy with his knowledge, he is happy too: He's just a screwdriver of passion. Solvi Solveig “Solvi” Hauswald has been there from the start and is often much closer than our customers think: Because in the office Solvi keeps the back of the shop free, takes care of the bookkeeping and everything that has to do with paper and percent - because the boys are rather less talented. Actually Solvi just wanted to see how such a shop works, then she didn't want to leave. The cultural scientist, who initially worked for a company auditing company, likes working in a bicycle shop: the contact with the suppliers is very friendly, the work brings visible results and cycling is the future. There is no more sensible and beautiful way to get around in a city, so Solvi remains in the tailwind. Luckily. Everyday bikes touring and touring bikes sports bikes cargo bikes children's bikes special bikes e-bikes accessories home offer workshop imprint data protection Our website uses cookies to provide the best possible functionality. More information Ok