Advice - Tailwind Leipzig Skip to content Menu We Shop Employees Offer Advice Demonstration bicycles Products Workshop Career Self-help Advice There are many bicycles, there is only one bike: This is the basic philosophy of the tailwind, because we get you on your bike. We go in advising on your needs and experiences and looking for a suitable bike that is adapted to your preferences and the intended purpose. Or we are very consistent and have your bike built. We start with the heart, the frame. For many years we have been enthusiastic dealers of the traditional Bielefeld-based bicycle manufacturer Patria, who deals with bicycle things a little differently: Patria builds high-quality steel frames that are adapted to your body and only after we have measured them in the tailwind. We regularly receive training from Patria on ergonomics issues and with the Velochecker we have a first-class tool in the shop that can be used to simulate and test the geometry of your frame even before production. Special complaints and requests can flow into the frame construction and your very own bike is created. But we also have a lot of experience with the models of our own brand "Morris Cycles" or the "VSF Fahrradmanufaktur" and get you right with a trained eye and years of experience Bike. With "Hase Bikes" and "HP Velotechnik" we go beyond the "classic bike" and also find a solution for very special applications. Since we don't care about the short model cycles of the bicycle industry, we won't be promoting the new hit every season. This also means that we simply continue what has been tried and tested. Bicycles in the tail wind are timeless and good for many years in the saddle. We are happy if you enjoy cycling. Advice Demonstration Bikes Products Patria Morris Cycles HASE Bikes vsf fahrradmanufaktur HP Velotechnik Pyro Bikes KOKUA I: SY carry freedom Everyday Bikes Touring and Touring Bikes Sports Bikes Cargo Bikes Children's Bikes Special Bikes E-Bikes Accessories Home Offer Workshop Imprint Data Protection Our website uses cookies to offer the best possible functionality. More information Ok