This is us! | Dullaert-Detailing HomeThis is us! NewsThis is what you can expectWebshopContactMore0A piece of the past: In 2017 I started this challenge and saw little real expertise when it came to interior cleaning, especially when it came to leather. To build up knowledge about this, I went to England to follow a course there and to gain that knowledge and to be able to offer a more complete range with well-founded knowledge. For 3 years I worked closely with them and introduced a number of distributors in Europe and I still have good contact with the Belgian distributors to this day. At the present: At the beginning of 2020 I would rather focus on the totality of the details and pick up my own company again to make this from scratch to a valuable company that wants to offer a flexible offer coupled with a quality service to the customer. The future through the glass ball: Everyone who entrusts their car is given the best possible help and every day we work on improving it to offer people a fun experience and service. With this we try to work on different grounds and to distinguish ourselves from the rest of the market. What you can do for us: Because communication is essential, we would like to hear ALL questions and feedback from our customers and try to be as accessible as possible. All feedback and questions are highly appreciated and used to improve, refine and stay innovative. In this way you can work towards the ideal offer and service that benefits everyone .. Tip: A lot of work has already been done behind the scenes and we are still working daily on novelties that are released .. do you not want this miss and want to be one of the first to know what's coming, register for free with your email address and be pleasantly surprised! A photo taken with esmé (Detailing girl) on 100% autolive. A sympathetic lady who is very inspiring for her many followers on instagram. Living proof that women belong in this male world Want to know more? Then leave your details.What is your first name? What is your last name? What is your email address? What is your phone number? Continue