Tire approval: dot and marking Driver Center Menu Your dealer Select Resellers Your profile Log in Log in 0 Cart 0 Cart Services Car services Brake fluid check Overhaul air conditioner service Oil change Sanitization Battery Repair shop Looking for Brake service Bodywork Filter change Car wash Shock absorbers Windscreen Pneumatic services Balancing Nitrogen inflation Reverse Front convergence Complete set-up Pirelli Formula Infinity Cooper car tires Summer tires Winter tires 4-season tires Search by size Search by car Expert advice Aquaplaning Wet braking Wear and maintenance tires Tire approval and marking Tire and tire structure Winter tires Promotions For companies Conventions Back Close Services Tires Expert advice Promotions For companies Conventions Search by size Search by vehicle Profile ITA Country ITALY GERMANY SPAIN PORTUGAL SWITZERLAND IT SWITZERLAND F R SWITZERLAND DE POLAND GREECE FINLAND Services Car services Tire services Tires Cars Expert advice Aquaplaning Wet braking Tire approval and marking Tire approval and marking Tire and tire structure Winter tires Car services Brake fluid check Overhauling Air-conditioner recharge Coupon Oil change Sanitization Battery Repair workshop Wheels Brake service Bodywork Filter change Car wash Shock absorbers Windshield Tire services Balancing Nitrogen inflation Reversal Front convergence Complete set-up Pirelli Formula Infinity Cooper car Summer tires Winter tires 4-season tires Search by size Search by car Home Expert advice Approval and tire marking Approved tires Noise approval DOT marking What is the approval Which tires are homologated TIRES NOISE HOMOLOGATION The DOT marking indicates the conformity of the tire to the standards of the US Department of Transportation and summarizes some important product information. Sound homologation marking The successful "Sound" homologation of the tire is indicated by the letter "S" (Sound) impressed on the sidewall, immediately after the homologation number. October 1, 2010 this new homologation is compulsory for Car tires up to the nominal section width of 215. From 1 October 2011 the homologation has been extended to the whole Car sector. TIRES DOTS 1. Indicates product compliance with U.S. Department of Transportation safety standards2. Identifies, in code, the production plant 3. Identifies, in code, the tire size 4. Reports the manufacturer's product code 5. Report the production date (e.g. 472 - week 47, year 1992 e.g. 4709 - week 47, year 2009) For more information regarding the production date, we report what has been declared by Assogomma and Federpneus. WHAT IS THE TIRES TYPE-APPROVAL The type-approval is the official recognition by the Authority, or the competent body, of the conformity of an object to a specific technique or regulation. The European Directives issued during the 90s oblige the homologation of vehicles and their components (including tires). The tires must meet a series of regulations that establish their dimensional and performance characteristics (loads, speeds ...) and the relative markings. APPROVED TIRE MARKING All tires intended for motor vehicles, mopeds, motorcycles, commercial and heavy vehicles, caravans, etc. to be able to circulate they must be homologated. An homologated tire has, on one of the two sidewalls, a marking consisting of a capital letter "E" in a circle or a small letter "e" in a rectangle or both, followed by a number. This marking, always in relief, must necessarily be followed by a number generally consisting of six / seven digits. The tires are also subject to production conformity checks to ensure that the product always ensures the same level of performance. Only the products " compliant "can be sold, purchased and placed on the market. Sign up for the newsletter Stay up to date with news and promotions! I accept the Privacy Policy Subscribe Drivers in Europe IT DE ES PT ITCH FRCH DECH PL GR FI Services Promotions Find your dealer Expert advice Fleet and Leasing About us Network Drivers Contact us Budget 2019 Driver Partners Become a partner Driver Contact a dealer Privacy Policy Terms and conditions Cookie Policy Site map Conventions Follow us © 2020 Copyright Pirelli Tire SpA Driver Italia S.p.A.