Regulations and symbols on winter tires Driver Center Menu Your dealer Select Resellers Your profile Log in Log in 0 Cart 0 Cart Services Car services Brake fluid check Overhaul air conditioner service Oil change Sanitization Battery Repair shop Looking for Brake service Bodywork Filter change Car wash Shock absorbers Windscreen Pneumatic services Balancing Nitrogen inflation Reverse Front convergence Complete set-up Pirelli Formula Infinity Cooper car tires Summer tires Winter tires 4-season tires Search by size Search by car Expert advice Aquaplaning Wet braking Wear and maintenance tires Tire approval and marking Tire and tire structure Winter tires Promotions For companies Conventions Back Close Services Tires Expert advice Promotions For companies Conventions Search by size Search by vehicle Profile ITA Country ITALY GERMANY SPAIN PORTUGAL SWITZERLAND IT SWITZERLAND F R SWITZERLAND DE POLAND GREECE FINLAND Services Car services Tire services Tires Cars Expert advice Aquaplaning Wet braking Tire approval and marking Tire approval and marking Tire and tire structure Winter tires Car services Brake fluid check Overhauling Air-conditioner recharge Coupon Oil change Sanitization Battery Repair workshop Wheels Brake service Bodywork Filter change Car wash Shock absorbers Windshield Tire services Balancing Nitrogen inflation Reversal Front convergence Full set up Pirelli Formula Infinity Cooper car Summer tires Winter tires 4-season tires Search by size Search by car Home Expert advice Winter tires Winter tire regulations Chains snow How to recognize it Which actions When to use it Advantages FAQ SNOW CHAINS Snow chains and winter tires are equivalent. alente the use of chains to that of winter tires, also for the purposes of compliance with the obligation enshrined in the combined provisions of Articles 146 of Legislative Decree 285/92 and 122 paragraph 8. RECOGNITION OF WINTER TIRES Identification Winter tires can also be called tires snow, thermal or lamellar tires. This type of tire is identified by the M + S marking (ie "MS", "M / S", "MS", "M&S") located on the sidewall of the tire itself. Other symbols In addition to the legal marking , may also carry other additional symbols that recall the winter period, such as a stylized mountain, snowflakes, etc. These symbols, not required by law, are intended as a further indication of the Manufacturer concerning the performance characteristics of the product in case of snowy bottom. WINTER TIRES USE It is possible to use winter tires "corresponding to any of the measures indicated on the Circulation Card" (Communication 335-M361 of 30.09.2004, Ministry of Infrastructures and Transport) as long as they have a minimum speed code of at least Q ( 160 km / h). The measurements indicated in the booklet Any measurements expressly indicated for winter tires in the Circulation Booklet (indicated with the M + S marking) are therefore to be considered as a piece of advice. a vehicle with tires having speed codes lower than those envisaged for normal tires, regardless of the maximum vehicle speed, it is necessary to comply with the maximum tire speed.The maximum speed imposed by the type of tire is suitably highlighted by a monitor plate located on the inside the vehicle in a position visible to the driver. WHEN TO USE WINTER TIRES The ordinanceThe provision of winter tires or chains on board is mandatory by law in the period between 15 November and 15 April.You finally have more time to fit the right tires, you can fit them from 15 October and you can disassemble them by May 15. For more information on the regulations and municipalities that require winter equipment, see this page. The temperature Winter tires are designed and manufactured to react actively to a low outside temperature, generally below 7 ° C. any road surface, snow, wet or dry, below 7 ° C it is possible to perceive the benefits of the tire effectively. Road conditions Thanks to a specific tread design and the use of sipes, winter tires maximize grip on wet surfaces, snowy or icy. WINTER PNEUMATIC ADVANTAGES The benefits of mounting winter tires Winter tires are a guarantee of total mobility and safety in all weather conditions. They provide superior performance in terms of grip, traction and braking even in the most critical environmental conditions, maintaining excellent performance even on dry roads. Tread designs, compounds and structures are designed for use at low temperatures without limitations due to the conditions of the road surface. To obtain the best performance, it is always advisable to equip the vehicle with four winter tires regardless of the type of traction.Using only two winter tires is permitted by law, provided that on the same axle, but it can create instability situations on wet or snow-covered surfaces, especially in cornering and braking, triggering problems of understeer and / or oversteer. Braking distances The following images show the difference in braking distances between normal and winter tires. The test was performed on wet and snowy roads, at a temperature close to 0 ° C and at a speed of 90 km / h. WET BACKGROUND SNOW BACKGROUND FAQ - WINTER TIRES RECOGNIZING A WINTER TIRE In winter / spring, autumn / winter transitory periods characterized by conditions of climatic variability, or in the event of excursions in the mountains or snowfall out of season, it is easy to find yourself in critical situations due to the poor road holding of summer tires on surfaces made slippery by rain mixed with snow and mud. Winter tires are characterized by designs and tread compounds suitable to give traction and road holding even in extreme environmental situations such as those described, conditions that can also be signaled by the presence of road signs bearing the indication "transit allowed with snow chains or tires". Winter tires are commonly classified as "winter", "snow" or "M + S", an abbreviation that originates from marking proving suitability for driving on mud (Mud) and snow (Snow) impressed on their side o.DIRECTIONAL AND ASYMMETRIC DRAWINGS The increase in the performance of the cars has meant that the treads have also been used for driving on snow, with the creation of directional and asymmetrical tires, at the expense of the traditional "anti-snow" designs that were characterized from symmetrical tread blocks which are heavily treaded and particularly noisy. A directional design compared to a symmetrical design brings the following advantages: Better water drainage on wet surfaces Greater resistance to the aquaplaning phenomenon Better grip on melting snow Reduction of noise Reduction of braking distances on snow and Ice The directional drawings are generally indicated for cars of medium-small displacements. Asymmetrical tires are instead suitable for medium-high displacement cars, where in function of the considerable driving torque and more generally in function of the highest performance, it is necessary to specialize each part of the tread: the internal part in fact guarantees the traction functions and braking, the central part characterized by deep longitudinal grooves reduces the aquaplane effect, the external part finally ensures prompt steering response and directional stability. DRAWING FEATURES One of the fundamental characteristics that differentiate a summer tire from a winter tire is the presence in the tread pattern of the latter of a dense siping.The purpose of these sipes is twofold: on the one hand they give greater elasticity to the tread during rolling to improve ride comfort, on the other hand they increase grip on snow and manage to keep it on the snow. their interior, and on ice, thanks to the so-called "sucker effect" .THE MIXTURE CHARACTERISTICS The tread compound of winter tires is profoundly different than that of summer tires, in that it must be more performing in extreme environmental conditions, with snow and ice, and in the presence of very low temperatures, sometimes less than -20 degrees, where it is essential to have maximum adherence. In the composition of these compounds, sometimes called thermal or heat-adhesive, special polymers are used which together with silica and other compounds defined as "high integration" ensure high quality standard performance such as: High grip under driving and braking torque Maximum grip on climbs and descents with steep gradients Excellent cornering grip Better driving even in dry conditions Operating economy as a function of good mileage The use of compounds more pushed than normal summer tires means that winter tires are more sen sensitive to changes in their characteristics as a direct consequence of aging or poor maintenance. It is therefore advisable to subject the tires to constant preventive and correct maintenance.If in doubt, before reassembling them, it is preferable to contact a specialist, who will ensure their suitability for use.PRESSIONS OF USE The winter tread patterns have a full ratio / voids lower than the summer tire counterparts. The main technical reasons for this design choice are as mentioned: Increase the drainage of the water and therefore improve both the wet grip and the risk of aquaplaning. Furthermore, the material used in the tread compound is such to offer quickly, both on dry and wet surfaces, the necessary grip at low temperatures. Have a greater ability to trap the snow, which turns into more traction, as the grip between snow and snow is greater than that between rubber and snow. Allow the tread compound to quickly offer the necessary grip, especially at low environmental temperatures. PERFORMANCE The tread designs of winter tires have a lower full / empty ratio than that of summer tires, this means that the tread grooves are wider as well as deep. The main technical reasons for this design choice are: Increase water drainage and therefore improve both the wet grip and the risk of aquaplaning. Furthermore, the material used in the tread compound is such as to quickly offer, both in dry and wet conditions, the necessary grip at low temperatures. Have a greater ability to trap snow , which turns into more traction, as the grip between snow and snow is greater than that between rubber and snow Allow the tread compound to quickly offer the necessary grip, especially at low ambient temperaturesThe performance of an M + S tire is appreciable up to a groove depth of 4 mm, after which it must be considered no longer suitable for winter use while remaining legally valid up to the wear limit of 1.6 mm. EQUIPMENT To obtain the best performance, it is advisable to equip the car with four winter tires of the same type. For safety reasons this solution becomes crucial on front-wheel drive cars. In fact if these cars were equipped with winter tires only on the front axle, when cornering on wet or snowy surfaces, a dangerous lack of lateral road holding between the two axles would be generated. Since the rear axle is the one with the least grip, the car would have a tendency to skid, creating the conditions for a probable head-tail. In summary we can say that the compatibility of the equipment is a decisive index for driving safety, especially in the wet and snow Hazardous situations can in fact arise from: Uneven tire fitting, for example two winter and two "summer" Fitting winter tires with different tread patterns and / or brands Missing compared to fitting the directionality of the drawing Use on the same axle of tires with depth different tread grooves As regards the measures that can be adopted, these, unless otherwise indicated in the vehicle registration document, must be the same as those for summer tires, approved by the vehicle manufacturer and reported in the registration document. present that the winter coverings wings (marked M + S) may have a different speed code and usually lower than that of the coverages normally used. Those who use these tires must therefore comply with the maximum speed of use imposed by the type of tire expressed by the speed code indicated on the side of the tire, regardless of the maximum speed that can be reached by the vehicle. speed as close as possible to that of standard tires and with a load index equal to or higher than that provided for summer tires. SPEED CODE On some vehicle registration documents, in addition to the "summer" tire sizes, the measures that can be adopted for winter tires. In this case, the equipment must faithfully reflect what is approved by the vehicle manufacturer. In all other cases, when a vehicle is equipped with spare parts with winter tires, bearing the M + S markings, these with the same size, can have speed code lower than the original ones.In these conditions of use, the driver, as a rule of conduct, must observe the speed corresponding to the maximum speed of use of the tire expressed by the speed code shown on the side of the tire itself , and suitably highlighted by a label inside the vehicle. For example, if the car is equipped as standard with tires bearing the speed code V (<240 km / h), replacement will be allowed both with "winter" tires having Q and S codes (respectively up to 160 and 180 km / h), both with tires having T and H codes (up to 190 and 210 km / h respectively). and that of keeping speed codes on the winter tires the same as those of the standard equipment.If they are not produced (winter tires with speed codes V, W, Y, Z do not exist on the market), the recommendation is that to adopt codes as close as possible to the standard ones, therefore: H if the standard equipment is V, W, Y, Z, T if the equipment is H, S if the equipment is T, Q if the equipment is S.LIMITED USE In the use of winter tires, we must consider that they are working for most of the time on roads that are certainly cold, dry or wet, or with melting / decaying snow. in the case of fresh snow or on compact and / or frozen surfaces, these tires are called to really work for the original purpose for which they were designed.The increasingly widespread use of winter tires has led to the development of covers with characters unthinkable until a few years ago, such as: Ability to withstand high speeds (up to 210 km / h) even for long stretches Good performance and grip on dry-wet surfaces Side stability and quick steering response Good mileage performance Good ride comfort High resistance to the aquaplaning PERIOD OF USE For winter tires, unlike what is foreseen for studded tires, there are no limited periods of use: they are in fact subject to the same regulations that regulate the use of standard tires, both in terms of equipment and in terms of wear limits The only difference concerns the speed codes, which as mentioned can be lower than those of the corresponding summer tires, so, as a rule of conduct, the driver must observe the speed corresponding to the maximum speed of use of the tire expressed through the speed code shown on the sidewall of the tire itself and opport only highlighted by a label located inside the vehicle in a clearly visible position.It is however important to remember the fact that, given the nature of the materials that make up the tread compound, the use of winter tires in the presence of high environmental temperatures, typical of summer periods, it affects driving precision (gelatin effect) and drastically reduces mileage. Sign up for the newsletter Stay up to date with news and promotions! I accept the Privacy Policy Subscribe Drivers in Europe IT DE ES PT ITCH FRCH DECH PL GR FI Services Promotions Find your dealer Expert advice Fleet and Leasing About us Network Drivers Contact us Budget 2019 Driver Partners Become a partner Driver Contact a dealer Privacy Policy Terms and conditions Cookie Policy Site map Conventions Follow us © 2020 Copyright Pirelli Tire SpA Driver Italia S.p.A.