Discover our network of professionals Driver Center Menu Your dealer Select Resellers Your profile Log in Log in 0 Cart 0 Cart Services Car services Brake fluid check Overhaul air conditioner service Oil change Sanitization Battery Repair shop Looking for Brake service Bodywork Filter change Car wash Shock absorbers Windscreen Pneumatic services Balancing Nitrogen inflation Reverse Front convergence Complete set-up Pirelli Formula Infinity Cooper car tires Summer tires Winter tires 4-season tires Search by size Search by car Expert advice Aquaplaning Wet braking Wear and maintenance tires Tire approval and marking Tire and tire structure Winter tires Promotions For companies Conventions Back Close Services Tires Expert advice Promotions For companies Conventions Search by size Search by vehicle Profile ITA Country ITALY GERMANY SPAIN PORTUGAL SWITZERLAND IT SWITZERLAND F R SWITZERLAND DE POLAND GREECE FINLAND Services Car services Tire services Tires Cars Expert advice Aquaplaning Wet braking Tire approval and marking Tire approval and marking Tire and tire structure Winter tires Car services Brake fluid check Overhauling Air-conditioner recharge Coupon Oil change Sanitization Battery Repair workshop Wheels Brake service Bodywork Filter change Car wash Shock absorbers Windshield Pneumatic services Balancing Nitrogen inflation Reversal Front convergence Complete set-up Pirelli Formula Infinity Cooper car Summer tires Winter tires 4-season tires Search by size Search by car Home About us About us Driver Center is professionalism, reliability , trust and passion. Driver Center is the official network of Pirelli dealers specialized in tire service present in 8 European countries. Our network of professionals is present on all to the Italian territory with more than 390 points of sale. Our experts are always at your disposal to offer you the best products and services for your car: tire change, tire storage, spare parts and accessories, oil change. These are just some of the many services that our network of specialized workshops is able to offer you.Not only a workshop: each Driver branch is a place of innovation, a multifunction center where you can find technical knowledge, customer care and many years of experience. A 360-degree offer to take care of your car without the slightest concern. The attention to detail, customer satisfaction combined with the best service for your car are the main objectives of our work. At our stores, for each need, you will find specialized technicians ready to welcome you to help you and give you advice on how to get the best out of your car. Driver is the authorized Pirelli tire dealer. In each Driver Center you will find the technology and innovation of Pirelli tires and you can choose the best tires for your car.If you are interested in knowing the authorized Driver Center workshops and you want to come and visit us for information, discover our services and products , find immediately which is the Driver Center closest to you. Sign up for the newsletter Stay up to date with news and promotions! I accept the Privacy Policy Subscribe Drivers in Europe IT DE ES PT ITCH FRCH DECH PL GR FI Services Promotions Find your dealer Expert advice Fleet and Leasing About us Network Drivers Contact us Budget 2019 Driver Partners Become a partner Driver Contact a dealer Privacy Policy Terms and conditions Cookie Policy Site map Conventions Follow us © 2020 Copyright Pirelli Tire SpA Driver Italia S.p.A.