Driver Center - Specialized in tire services Join the Driver Center Network Driver in Europe SPAGNA ALEMANIA FINLAND GRECIA ITALIA POLONIA SUIZA-DE SUIZA-FR SUIZA-ITA Sign In Email Password Forgot your password? Enter your email Email Not registered yet? Register now Search the site Search Services Services Tire services Tire exchange Balancing Tire change Convergence Tire calibration with nitrogen Services for cars Alignment Bumpers and paint Battery Air conditioning charge Courtesy car Rims Car wash Change of shock absorbers Change of oil Change of tires Change of oil filter Mechanical repair of automobiles Review Brake control service Windshield replacement Tires and Wheels Tires and Wheels Rims Our tires Expert advice Expert advice Homologation Noise Marking Dot What is homologation What tires do we homologate Tires How to choose a tire The tire Internal Structure Main Components Axle relationship Role and Functions Winter Tire How to recognize it When you use it Advantages European Label Frequently Asked Questions Winter Tire Tires Safety Aquaplaning Wet braking Join the Driver Center Re in Europe Driver SPAGNA ALEMANIA FINLANDIA GRECIA ITALIA POLONIA SUIZA-DE SUIZA-FR SUIZA-ITA Sign In Email Password Forgot your password? Enter your email Email Not registered yet? Apply now Tire service Car service Tire exchange Balancing Tire change Convergence Tire calibration with nitrogen Alignment Plates and paint Battery Air conditioning charge Courtesy car Rims Car wash Change of shock absorbers Change of tires Change of tires oil filter Car mechanic repairs Revision Brake control service Windshield replacement Rims Our tires Approval Tires Winter tire European label Frequently Asked Questions Safety Approval Noise Dot marking What is approval What tires do we Approve How to choose a tire The tire Internal Structure Main Components Relation to the axis Paper and Functions How to recognize it When you use it Advantages Winter tire Aquaplaning tires Wet braking X Search for location Find your Driver Center Enter the postal code or city * Enter the postal code or city Search Search w orkshop for license plates 1. Select services 2. Choose date and time 3. Enter your contact details 4. Go to your Driver Center Our services Schedule a visit Specialized Advice Our services Our services Schedule a visit Schedule a visit visit Promotions Promotions Specialized Advice Specialized Advice Booking product prodotti Annulla Procedi Tire and car service Driver Driver Center is a network of workshops that gives you access to the best services dedicated to the sale, exchange and maintenance of tires and wheels, as well as fast mechanics , for all types of cars: city, luxury, van or sports. Driver Center's specialized team offers a wide and complete range of services to constantly guarantee an excellent level of safety and performance. Our professionals will solve whatever your car problem is in a short period of time, always guaranteeing a high quality service and experience. The services offered cover, from A to Z, all the needs that a vehicle may have: balancing, changing tires, changing rims, repairing punctures, changing tires, mechanic services, including overhauls and replacement of worn components, and a full service for two-wheel vehicles. All the Driver Center Specialized Centers have as main objective to guarantee the maximum satisfaction and security to its Clients, offering a personalized, professional service and with the maximum focus on every detail. The high technological standards of Driver Center, together with the accumulated experience of our team, allow us to provide current advice and recommendations on everything related to 2 and 4 wheel vehicles. Discover your nearest Driver Center and choose a quality service, relying on the experience and knowledge of our specialists. Services Advice from competent experts, first-class workshop work x Oil change Engine oil is a crucial element in maintaining efficient engines. Its main feature ... Learn more x Brake control All cars, old or modern, need a device capable of reducing energy ... Learn more x Battery There is nothing more annoying than a broken car due to battery problems . If the pa ... Learn more x Review Performing regular checks does not guarantee the elimination of failures that cause u ... Learn more x Air conditioning recharge When winter is about to end and give way to spring and the good has ... Know more x Inflated with nitrogen The wide range of services offered by the Driver Center network of workshops includes, among ... Learn more x Balance Car tires, due to friction with the road surface and the own movi ... Find out more x Tire exchange Keeping the tires in good condition is important to improve safety and grip ... Find out more x Tire storage No matter what type of vehicle you have (city car, SUV / 4x4 , sports car ... Learn more x Geometry Tire balancing (static or dynamic) aims to make the wheel rotation with the ... Learn more x Windscreen repair and replacement The windshield is the front window of the car and, precisely r cause of your position, is ... Know more Legal Notice | Terms of Use | Cookies Policy | Reset cookies © 2020 Copyright Pirelli & C. S.p.A. Euro Driver Car S.L. Promotions Dealer Locator Fleet and Rental Join Driver Center Contact Driver Center Driver Network in Europe Access Partners This website uses traffic profile cookies to send advertisements corresponding to your preferences. If you wish to obtain more information or recover your consent to use all algae from cookies, please refer to the new Cookie Policy. If you are looking for a banner or continue browsing a new website and access some of its content, use the Cookies code. [Accepting] [Refusing]