Wear, wear and maintenance of tires Driver Center Menu Your dealer Select Resellers Your profile Log in Log in 0 Cart 0 Cart Services Car services Brake fluid check Overhaul air conditioner service Oil change Sanitization Battery Repair shop Looking for Brake service Bodywork Filter change Car wash Shock absorbers Windscreen Pneumatic services Balancing Nitrogen inflation Reverse Front convergence Complete set-up Pirelli Formula Infinity Cooper car tires Summer tires Winter tires 4-season tires Search by size Search by car Expert advice Aquaplaning Wet braking Wear and maintenance tires Tire approval and marking Tire and tire structure Winter tires Promotions For companies Conventions Back Close Services Tires Expert advice Promotions For companies Conventions Search by size Search by vehicle Profile ITA Country ITALY GERMANY SPAIN PORTUGAL SWITZERLAND IT SWITZERLAND F R SWITZERLAND DE POLAND GREECE FINLAND Services Car services Tire services Tires Cars Expert advice Aquaplaning Wet braking Tire approval and marking Tire approval and marking Tire and tire structure Winter tires Car services Brake fluid check Overhauling Air-conditioner recharge Coupon Oil change Sanitization Battery Repair workshop Wheels Brake service Bodywork Filter change Car wash Shock absorbers Windscreen Tire services Balancing Nitrogen inflation Reversal Front convergence Full set Pirelli Formula Infinity Cooper car Summer tires Winter tires 4-season tires Search by size Search by car Home Expert advice Wear and maintenance of tires Wear and tire maintenance When to replace it Partial replacement Use and maintenance Tread wear Irregular wear WHEN TO REPLACE IT The mileage of a tire means then the number of kilometers traveled in conditions of fair use, up to the moment in which it is necessary to replace it for reached wear limits. The Highway Code establishes that a tire is considered worn and therefore no longer suitable for circulation when the depth of its tread is less than 1.6 mm.You can easily check the degree of wear of the tread through special indicators placed in correspondence with the TWI marking located on the upper part of the side. These indicators, present in the main grooves of the tread, are made of rubber pads exactly 1.6 mm high, making it very easy to understand when the legal limit of use is reached, since in the points corresponding to the TWI the groove of the tread however, it should be taken into consideration that the wet performance of the tire decreases proportionally with the decrease in the tread height, the higher the tread wear, the less water on the road surface that can be channeled to the inside the grooves.This leads to a decrease in the degree of driving safety: in particular, the braking distances are extended and the dangerous phenomenon of aquaplaning can be incurred.To stay within the safety margins, it is therefore recommended to replace the tires when the tread residual is about 3 mm, regardless of the climatic conditions that can change suddenly There are situations that, regardless of the legal limit, require a specialist to check the tire. Abnormal or localized wear, cracks in the tread and sidewall compounds, sometimes accompanied by swellings, are signs that should not be underestimated. In particular, swellings on the sides represent a potentially dangerous situation: attributable to traumatic events (impacts against pavements, holes, etc.), are proof that the tire structure has suffered an important and irreparable injury. The tire is therefore no longer able to guarantee initial safety. PARTIAL REPLACEMENT OF TIRES The law allows the use of tires of different types as long as tires of the same type are fitted on the same axle. In case of replacement of only two tires it is advisable to fit the new ones on the rear axle. Unlike the front axle, where through the steering you are able to warn and therefore try to manage any critical situations (a principle of aquaplaning, a sudden puncture, etc.), the rear one is more critical from the control point of view. The driver does not have any possibility of direct intervention: a sudden loss of pressure caused by a puncture of a tire on the rear axle or a sudden loss of grip when cornering or on a straight in the wet, could therefore cause instability of the vehicle difficult to control. For these reasons, the conditions of the rear axle in terms of safety and efficacy must necessarily be the best. USE OF TIRES CORRECT MAINTENANCE OF THE TIRE GUARANTEES BETTER PERFORMANCE IN TERMS OF SAFETY AND DURABILITY Tips and information to prevent problems when using tires: 1. Check the inflation pressures when the tire is cold, usually at least once a month and always before undertaking long journeys (including the spare wheel). Always comply with the pressure values ​​indicated in the vehicle use and maintenance manual for the various positions and for the type of intended use. Never reduce the pressure if the tires are hot. Remember that under-inflation tires increase rolling resistance and consequently fuel consumption. 2. Always ensure, with any type of valve, the presence of the cap and tighten it only by hand.The purpose of the cap is to prevent foreign bodies from damaging the internal mechanism of the valve causing a loss of tire pressure. 3. Permute the tires between the axles without crossing them around 10,000 km.It allows you to optimize wear and tear, maintain the driving characteristics of the car unaltered and to limit the occurrence of abnormal tread wear (normally attributable to convergence values ​​and camber outside the tolerances provided by the vehicle manufacturer). It is therefore advisable to periodically check the characteristic angles of the vehicle (mainly convergence and camber) .4. In the event of collisions with pavements, road potholes and other obstacles of various kinds, it is important to have the inside of the roof checked by an expert as well, since these events can cause internal injuries to the tires which are not very evident or cannot be visually detected. flank, for example, may indicate a structural break. In this case the tire is no longer usable. However, there are not always immediately visible indicators of the trauma suffered by the tire; We therefore recommend frequent checking of the tire that has suffered an impact. It is good practice to go to a specialist to have the inside of the tire checked. TIRE WEAR Wear of the tread is caused by the relative sliding that occurs between the tread compound and the ground. During normal rotation, the tread is subject to deformation in the area of ​​contact with the ground and to a consequent decrease in its peripheral speed. This causes a sliding that leads to wear and tear.In addition to this phenomenon, which is always present, there are other types of sliding, the direction of which can be: Longitudinal, accelerating and braking Transversal, traveling through curves The mileage of a tire cannot be estimated a priori as influenced by numerous factors. Trying to hypothesize the yield based on the consumption of the first millimeters of tread is not possible, as the initial consumption is higher than the following. The greater height of the tread in fact involves a greater sliding and therefore greater wear.The factors that influence the tire wear and the consequent mileage can be: External factors, not dependent on the user Internal factors, dependent on the user EXTERNAL FACTORS1. Characteristics of the road traveled Type of road pavement Type of route (longitudinal or altimetric) The wear coefficient on the highway is considerably lower (1) compared to that in the city (1.7). On a mountain road characterized by curves, climbs and descents, the coefficient can even reach 2.7. In cases of cars with high power, heavy cars and in the presence of towing trailers (caravans, boats, trolleys, etc.), wear coefficients of the order of 5 or even 6 units can be reached. vehicle is subject to: Slowdowns (use of brakes) Accelerations and decelerations (due to gear changes) Centrifugal force (released during curves. It causes a tread sliding in the direction transversal to the direction of travel and the transfer of a percentage of tire load internal to those external to the curve.) 2. Atmospheric conditionsSun and dryVery high temperatures tend to decrease the viscosity of the compounds, reduce abrasion resistance, increase the thermal rotation speed. These conditions lead to increased wear Rain and humidity Consistent rain makes the road surface more aggressive and the wet exposes the tire more to accidents (a blade cuts the rubber with less difficulty if it is wet) 3. Vehicle characteristics Geometry of the characteristic angles of the front and rear axle, mainly convergence and camber or camber angles Type of traction, on one axle, permanent or insertable integral Braking, stability and traction control devices Power Power INTERNAL FACTORS Inflation pressure Speed ​​Speed ​​Overload Driving type Mechanical maintenance Vehicle maintenance Tire maintenance IRREGULAR TIRE WEAR In addition to the normal longitudinal abrasion due to rotation, the tire undergoes lateral abrasion due to sliding (considered an anomalous condition) .This condition of use generates "localized" wear, called irregular wear, capable of determining a significant reduction in ride comfort (rotational noise and annoying vibrations) and in kilomeric yield (early replacement of badly worn tires). Irregular wear can be accentuated: on a single shoulder on both shoulders tread wear ACCENTUATED ON A SHOULDER It is generated by the rotation of the tires on an axis that is not perfectly perpendicular and / or not perefttamente parallel to the direction of travel.The camber (or camber) is the angle of inclination of the wheel with respect to the vertical of the ground. If the wheels have the upper part tilted outwards, the camber is said to be positive, inward it is said to be negative; both in the case of a positive camber and a negative camber, the tires rotate on an axis that is not perfectly perpendicular to the direction of travel. wear is frequently combined with roughness in the shape of a "peach peel" and the appearance of burrs on the edges of the design ACCENTUED WEAR ON BOTH SHOULDERSIt is caused by a deformation in the area of ​​the ground contact area, which causes a greater load on the shoulders, or by the sum of the effect of incorrect wheel geometrical angles (camber combined with out of tolerance convergence) .This type of deformation is generally determined by: Insufficient or lower inflation pressure than the values ​​established by the vehicle manufacturer. Assembly circle too wide. A too wide mounting circle of channel tends to move the heels away, to put the structure under tension and to create a deformation very similar to that caused by insufficient pressures. ground contact which causes a greater load on the central area of ​​the tread and consequently a greater consumption of it. This type of deformation is generally determined by: Excessive inflation pressure or greater than the values ​​established by the vehicle manufacturer. Assembly circle too tight . A too narrow assembly circle of channel tends to bring the heels closer, to put the structure under tension and to create a deformation very similar to that caused by excessive pressure. Sign up for the newsletter Stay up to date with news and promotions! I accept the Privacy Policy Subscribe Drivers in Europe IT DE ES PT ITCH FRCH DECH PL GR FI Services Promotions Find your dealer Expert advice Fleet and Leasing About us Network Drivers Contact us Budget 2019 Driver Partners Become a partner Driver Contact a dealer Privacy Policy Terms and conditions Cookie Policy Site map Conventions Follow us © 2020 Copyright Pirelli Tire SpA Driver Italia S.p.A.