Independent Automotive Portal • AutoCentrum.pl AutoCentrum.pl Independent Automotive Portal Search Cars Brands and models Search engine Car Electricity Tests and reviews Evaluate your car Evaluate your LPG system Fuel consumption Faults Evaluate your motorcycle Euroncap New cars Used cars Prices of used cars Documents for driver Technical data Technical data Rankings Moto news drive Cost journal Companies abroad Driving license Fuel calculators Gas stations Fuel prices in Poland Fuel prices abroad Gas station map Add gas station Log in My Car Center Hello, What's new My cars Favorite gas stations Account settings Log out Hot topics Check VIN before buying! How much does the car cost you? Car Search Estimate the cost of car repairs Discover the faults before buying Publications Tips Used cars - what to buy and how to fix it? We often receive messages from you asking for help in choosing a used car. You also ask how to fix a small defect or remove a major failure. Tests of new cars Peugeot 208 PureTech 130 EAT8 GT Line - despite everything I was not convinced Peugeot found a way to win automotive awards. Over the past six years, the French have managed to win the "Car of the Year" three times - in 2014, 308 won the triumph, and three years ... Tests of new cars Mercedes G350d - 40 years and more than 200 horses more Not as luxurious as the G500 or not as extreme as the G63 AMG. Mercedes G350d is the most classic Gelenda variety. We check how it is doing in the field. Tests of new cars Audi A5 Sportback 40 TFSI - this should be the long-standing Audi A5 Sportback last fall underwent a very modest facelift. The car is currently on sale, so we checked how the changes will affect its attractiveness. Tests on new cars Hyundai Tucson N Line 1.6 T-GDI - a better embodiment of the bestseller The N Line version is not only about appearance. Hyundai Tucson with this design package has gained something else. The new Opel Corsa GSi Line has a sports loudspeaker and three cylinders Lublin - it could have been an export hit. The story of the successor to the beetle Volvo S90 T8 Inscription - hybrids are the best limousines! BMW X6 M50i - baroque wheels on Fiat Panda II generation - I already know what the success of this Toyota Supra is all about. I am enchanted! Seat Leon ST Cupra 370 Carbon - honestly, I was counting on more The new Renault Captur is a completely different league. It's good! Opel Astra after facelift - what happened here? Although it is probably a transitional stage Toyota GT86 - you get in and ... you are in the center of events Hyundai i30 N-line is like a fan who knows everything about sports Shortcuts: Tests of new cars Tests of used cars Reports of events Tips Our opinion Relax See more publication Video test Porsche Taycan Turbo 680 hp - acceleration 0-100 km / h Renault Clio versus Opel Corsa - the start of the city dwellers Ford Focus ST 2.0 EcoBlue - the time has come to make a decision Audi SQ7 - I feel cheated! Mercedes-Benz G-Class vs Suzuki Jimny - big versus small Opel Zafira - broke with the original idea. Is that good See more videotests. News. Forced holidays and limiting salaries - this is how coronavirus affects the automotive industry. Cars under the cover of coronavirus are stolen. Automotive is not just car companies. Coronavirus also affects component manufacturers. Do you want to unregister or register a vehicle? You'll probably have more time for it. Don't neglect your basic responsibilities, despite many new tasks. The police will control drivers. Traveling by car. Limitations and exceptions during the coronavirus pandemic Fuel prices at lower and lower stations Coronavirus has also hit the used car market. What will the effects be? Koronavirus paralyzes the automotive world Vote for the Car of the Year Readers of Virtual Poland and win attractive prizes Which summer tire models does Dębica propose? There will be no motor show in Frankfurt. Audi will facilitate driving the "green wave" This is the new Seat Leon. Right-turn assistant for the first time with a hybrid. Useful system or unnecessary gadget? Volvo confirms the electric XC90 No matter the length of the charge we pay the same Shortcuts: News Live news Press releases See more news New cars Toyota Hilux VIII Double cab Price from: 137 900 PLN Opel Insignia II Grand Sport Price from: 100 900 PLN Seat Arona Price from: 71 700 PLN Ford Ecosport II SUV Facelifting Price from: 63 240 PLN Ford Ranger V Single cab Facelifting 2019 Price from: 97 080 PLN See more offers of new cars New See electric news from the world of motorization! E-news Chargers map Charts Technical data See more Looking for a car? We will match the right model for you! Usage City Mixed Route Purpose For a single or a pair Universal For a family Utility Run the configurator Live news #renault #opel #clio #corsa #porndowning #video #tesdrive #autocentrum ~ 3 months ago, 1 comment We are recording the next movie for you. Which of these little ones did you like more? read on ... #Hyundai # i10 ~ 3 months ago Korean toddler is also changing :) read on ... #Skoda #Kodiaq # 4x4 ~ 4 months ago, 1 comment In such moments a 4x4 drive is useful. read more ... + 4 photos #Mitsubishi #EclipseCross #zima ~ 4 months ago We checked Eclipse Cross in the snow :) read more ... See more live news Recently added car ratings 4.0 ~ Amadeusz Hatchback 3d 1.4 8v 77KM 57kW Fiat Punto Grande Punto Well ... I bought it as a car to the city and it works well in this role. He has several long routes behind him (including motorways - he is not a speed demon, but he is ahead of the passing "truck"). During the year of operation a few things popped up, but well ... this is Fiat =] and I managed to replace, apart from consumables, the air conditioning controller, thermostat, front springs. In winter with frost -5 there are no problems with firing, ... 4.6 ~ WPX2 Hatchback Facelifting 1.8 TSI 160HP 118kW Skoda Octavia II When buying a 1.8 turbo engine I was aware that it may not be cheap. A surprise here. Earlier I had O2 hachback before facelift with 1.6MPI engine. In the city, a full tank of fuel was sufficient for 480-530 km depending on the season and traffic jams. Currently, I drive 570-620km on a full tank. It is really possible if the engine is not spinning above 3 thousand revolutions and 250Nm allows efficient starting from under the lights. Driving fun above ... 4.7 ~ Radwi Sedan 3.2 V6 FSI 256HP 188kW Audi A4 B7 is the only downside to me The only downside of this car is quite a small amount of space at the rear for a sedan. I have a car about a year and made about 40k km with it. On long dynamic highway routes it can burn almost a liter of oil per 1k km but it is noticeable only at high speeds. Coming from the Netherlands to Poland 950km (about 600km are German highways) with an average speed of 145kmh calculated by the on-board computer the car consumed ... See more car ratings Recently viewed by readers Seat Ibiza Volkswagen Passat Opel Omega Audi A4 Renault Scenic Skoda Octavia Volkswagen Golf Mazda 323 Toyota Corolla Honda Civic Toyota Yaris Opel Corsa Driver's guide Used cars - what to buy and how to fix it? Worn tires a global problem. How to deal with it? Electric car review - how much does it cost? Do you want to mount accessory rims? Check before you decide to change Do you want to buy a convertible? Remember these things before buying! How to clean a car safely and professionally? Charging electric cars - types of chargers Electric cars - not all the same. Marks without secrets Charging an electric car at home - what do you need to know? Where will you charge the electric car? Charging stations in Poland. Directional brake pads - what is that? Turbocharging - is it worth it? Energetic gadgets for drivers Self-adjusting clutches - what is the operating principle and how do they differ? Hydropneumatic suspension - what is it and how does it work? See what you will pay for at Xenon headlights - how do they work and what usually breaks down? Fogged headlight - is there always a fault? See more tips Photo galleries + 49 photos BMW X6 4.4 M50i 530 KM - editorial gallery + 34 photos Hyundai i30 N-line - editorial gallery + 19 photos Renault Captur II - editorial gallery + 20 photos Volvo V60 2.0 T8 Twin Engine 390 HP - gallery editorial + 15 photos Kia Sportage 1.6 CRDI 136 KM - editorial gallery + 40 photos BMW X4 M Competition 3.0 510 KM - editorial gallery + 32 photos Lexus LC 500 464 KM - editorial gallery See more galleries Press information How did VISION iV come about? ~ 4 months ago How to prepare a car for winter expeditions ~ 4 months ago Polish Rally Champions on the podium of Rally Barbórka 2019 ~ 5 months ago The editorial staff of Fleet magazine awarded Fleet Leader 2019 honors ~ 5 months ago Nowa Mazda 3 Women's World Car of the Year 2019 ~ 5 months ago Winter is coming for drivers - the sale of winter fuels is starting ~ 5 months ago Volvo Cars will use blockchain technology to track the sources of cobalt used in the production of electric car batteries ~ 6 months ago Fleet Market 2019 - business meeting with motorization ~ 6 months ago AUTOCENTRUM.PL About the company Editorial office Advertising Regulations Contact Site map Tools Car search Costs log Documents for the driver Moto-engine Virtual breathalyzer Services Estimate the cost of car repairs NEW Check VIN Guide Tips LPG Calculator Gasoline or diesel? Credit or leasing? First Aid Privacy Policy RSS Channel Copyright © AutoCentrum.pl