In the Pyrenees with the new BMW R 1200 GS LC - Mertinke-BMW Motorcycles Frankfurt START ABOUT INACTIVELY NEW ONLINE SHOPMOTOR WHEELSTIMING TUNING EXTENSION TOURIST CONTACT IMPRINT With the new BMW R1200GS LC in the Pyrenees With the new BMW R 1200 GS LC it was also the time in the Pyrenees So far for us: off on vacation. Packed up to the permissible total weight with two suitcases, a role, tank bag, driver and passenger, the Pyrenees should go in two and a half stages. Our first stop in the beautiful French Jura was via the Freiburg, Mulhouse, Besancon and around 70 km of country roads. On the roughly 460 kilometers of motorway there, the new GS impressed with its stoic straight ahead and significantly improved wind protection. A speed of 150 km / h feels something like 120 km / h with the previous model! When we arrived at a hotel near Poligny, we recovered from the effort of driving with an excellent French menu. The next day we drove south on well-developed, sometimes very curvy French country roads. We left Lyon on the right and crossed the Rhone Valley at Vienne. With the best motorcycle weather we reached our next stage destination St. Jean-du-Gard in the Ardeche in the evening. The next day the sun stayed away for the time being - which was fine with us in the meantime. Behind Limoux, a small town in southern France, known for sparkling wines ("Blanquette"), the "Miracle of Limoux" happened! And it went like this: We took a short break to have a drink - unfortunately not goose wine, but goose wine !. After driving off, André noticed after about 5 km that the sunglasses (meanwhile the sun was shining again) were no longer on his nose. Turning around seemed pointless, the glasses had already got under some wheels ... The journey continued grumpily - always with the thought that one would hardly ever find glasses that fit so precisely…. We had to stop at the entrance to the famous Gorges du Galamus, because from 1 p.m. to 7 p.m. a one-way system controlled by traffic lights applies. We had to wait 15 minutes for green, so of course we got off the motorcycle to stretch our legs. And what was between the right suitcase and exhaust ???????? Well what? You will hardly believe it: the sunglasses! Pinched there she had survived an approx. 30 km (bad) route undamaged and without falling off. You can imagine how we looked! The Gorges were relieved "through" - despite strong headwinds. By the way, if the wind is even stronger, there is a ban on passing through, because the narrow gorge acts like a “nozzle”. With a last pass we reached Prades and the Villa du Parc, our base hotel for the next two weeks. And now some tour highlights from our two weeks in the Pyrenees: Between Prades and Ax-les-Thermes Prades - Molitg-les-Bains - Col de Jau - Gorges de St -Georges - Defile de Joucou - Col des sept Freres - Belcaire-Quillan - Col de St-Louis - Sournia - Prades (around 190 km) The Grandhotel in Molitg-les-Bains and the remote forest road between Axat and the Col des Sept Freres and the Defile de Joucou are worth seeing on this tour. From Prades to the Spanish Pyrenees Prades - Bouleternere - Amelie-les-Bains - Prats-de-Mollo - Ripoli - La Molina - Puigcerda –Saillagouse - Mont-Louis - Ayguatebia-Talau - Olette - Prades (approx. 270 km) A visit Worthwhile are the Prieure de Serrabonne (Romanesque abbey church), the well-developed serpentine roads to and in Spain, the Vauban fort in Mont-Louis, and the mountain road to Ayguatebia-Talau. Just before Prades, a visit to the medieval town of Villefranche-de-Conflent is worthwhile. On the sometimes very bumpy roads, the GS chassis proved to be very comfortable. The permanent suspension adjustment of the Dynamic ESA was clearly noticeable. The motorcycle is extremely easy to handle and safe. This makes traveling fun even on bad distances. If the roads run from north to south, it is usually only a matter of local connecting roads that adapt to the geographic conditions - these streets are often very bumpy and winding. The main through routes usually lead from east to west and are all in good to very good condition, which cannot be said of the small connecting streets. Rollsplit is often used to patch up the roads, and this requires the greatest attention from motorcyclists. One should also not forget that dogs, donkeys and other animals like to take a walk on these (side) streets and care little about motorcycles. Once we even met a billy goat who watched the (rare) through traffic from (s) a place on the concrete guardrail! A highlight of the holiday was driving on the gravel track to the Canigou. The 2784 m high sacred mountain of the Catalans dominates the landscape around Prades. The complete bypass was not possible for us because the connection between the pass and the descent to Prades is blocked between 8 a.m. and 6 p.m. You can drive to a parking lot at Col des Cortalets (2058 m) m on unpaved road. We needed over an hour for the approx. 25 km! The slope leads over sand and gravel on a partly very exposed slope. The enduro is definitely ideal here. If you are traveling as a couple like us, it is still not for beginners or anxious minds ....... After almost half the driving distance there is a nice place to rest with tables and benches at an old mill. Two curious cows soon kept us company at our picnic. So be careful: the cattle run freely up there and can therefore just appear on the street! After two successful and eventful weeks, it was time to say goodbye and start the long way home. Strong Mistral accompanied us for the first 200 km, you didn't have any driving fun. After crossing the Rhone valley, the storm subsided and motorcycling was fun again: After Orange, we mostly went north through Provence and Drome via smaller Routes Departementales until we reached Dié. We reached Vercors in fabulous motorcycle weather. At the Col de la Machine we moved into a room in the hotel of the same name, dropped off our luggage and in the afternoon explored the most beautiful routes in the Vercors, such as the Gorges du Nan and the Route Ecouges. The next day we took a course towards the Jura and home. During a break, we could admire the eternal ice of the Mont Blanc massif in the distance. One last night in Neuenburg am Rhein and then it was said again: Hello Frankfurt! MERTINKE GbR Mark-Aurel-Str. 7 D-60439 Frankfurt @: info@mertinke.com Tel. 0049 (0) 69/582783 Fax 0049 (0) 69/586305 In the header under DATES more information about our test rides and company holidays! We are there for you ... from March to October Tue.- Fri. 8 a.m. + 2 p.m. - 6 p.m. Sat. 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. from November to February Tue.- Fri. 9 a.m. + 2 p.m. - 6 p.m. Sat. 9 am to 1 pm 1 Applies to deliveries to the following country: Germany. For delivery times to other countries and information on calculating the delivery date, see here: Delivery and Payment Conditions2 RRP3 incl. VAT. Imprint | Terms and conditions | Terms of delivery and payment Privacy Policy Cookie Policy | Sitemap Sign Out Sign Out Edit Scroll to top close This website uses cookies. Cookies are used for user guidance and web analysis and help to improve this website. By continuing to use this website, you agree to our cookie policy. More information here: Cookie Policy Ok