Our company philosophy - Mertinke-BMW Motorräder Frankfurt START ABOUT INACTIVELY NEW ONLINE SHOPMOTOR WHEELSMINETUNINGSPANNETOURENFAHRTKONTAKTIMPRESSUM TeamHistoryServiceSaleCollection serviceCustomer press Our company philosophy The best product can only be as good as the service! To your advantage, we as BMW enthusiasts in Frankfurt have only looked after BMW motorcycles for more than 60 years, because compared to a BMW car, the maintenance and repair of a BMW motorcycle is about as different as motorcycle and car driving itself. Behind the name Mertinke has a well-established team of experienced BMW specialists in Frankfurt who complement each other in an ideal way. The experience that you have gained with your own BMW motorcycles on test rides all over Europe continuously flows into your vehicle. BMW drivers have not only come to us from Frankfurt and the Rhine-Main region since 1953. Motorcyclists from all over Europe, even from Japan, find their way to Frankfurt-Heddernheim via the AB junction of the same name on the A 661. BMW motorcycles and everything that goes with it are our calling, not just our job! MERTINKE GbR Mark-Aurel-Str. 7 D-60439 Frankfurt @: info@mertinke.com Tel. 0049 (0) 69/582783 Fax 0049 (0) 69/586305 In the header under DATES more information about our test rides and company holidays! We are there for you ... from March to October Tue.- Fri. 8 a.m. + 2 p.m. - 6 p.m. Sat. 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. from November to February Tue.- Fri. 9 a.m. + 2 p.m. - 6 p.m. Sat. 9 am to 1 pm 1 Applies to deliveries to the following country: Germany. For delivery times to other countries and information on calculating the delivery date, see here: Delivery and Payment Conditions2 RRP3 incl. VAT. Imprint | Terms and conditions | Terms of delivery and payment Privacy Policy Cookie Policy | Sitemap Sign Out Sign Out Edit Scroll to top close This website uses cookies. Cookies are used for user guidance and web analysis and help to improve this website. By continuing to use this website, you agree to our cookie policy. More information here: Cookie Policy Ok