How to Read a Tire | Practical Guide Confortauto 2019 Welcome, you are in Spain (peninsula and Balearic Islands) Customer service: M / F 9: 00-14: 00 and 15: 00-19: 00 Customer Panel Associates Contact Us Guide How to Read a Tire | Practical Guide Confortauto 2019 European labeling General information about the tire Blog Select your market Español Français Português Deutsch Toggle navigation Write at least 3 characters. Attention to the Web client 966919891 Your cart Home Tires Car Tires 4x4 Tires Van Tires Moto Search your Workshop Red confortauto Associates AyudaEnviosDevolucionesFAQsCalidadEmpresaNosotrosMarcas of neumáticosRed ConfortautoSeguridad in carreteraColectivoAsóciateConviértete in afiliadoAvisosPolítica of privacidadInformación generalTérminos and condicionesAviso LegalCookiesSobre the sitioMapawebContáctanos Home Tires Car Tires 4x4 Tires Van Tires Motorbike Find your Workshop How to read the code of a tire? Tires are one of the most important elements of a vehicle. It is evident: the safety of our movement largely depends on its ability to adhere to the asphalt. However, despite its importance, few know the meaning of the numbers inscribed on the side. And is that knowing how to read a tire is essential for any driver, not only to be successful when choosing new tires but, also, in terms of efficiency when driving. Load index, speed index or UTQG code are some of the concepts that you should be familiar with to read tires properly. But do not worry, we explain them in detail below. What do the numbers on the wheels mean? Before answering this question, always keep in mind that, regardless of what the numbers tell us, the condition of the wheels is very important for your safety. If they are in good condition, they allow the correct running on the asphalt, they get the necessary grip as well as better traction; if, on the contrary, they are not, we are exposing ourselves to unnecessary risks. The wheels must have the ability to drag the vehicle on the road as efficiently as possible, even when weather conditions or road conditions are adverse. This includes making frequent checks on your surface as the service life will depend on many other wear factors. We refer to embedded objects, areas with daily passing speed bumps, dirt roads or frequently used gravel ... and the most obvious: the puncture. Are your covers in good condition? Perfect, let's now continue reading your tires. Inscription of a tire The codes attached to the side of your tire cover manufacturing characteristics as well as other compatibility data (such as the width of the tire, for example). Normally, workshops tend to know which type of wheel is the most suitable for your vehicle because they have all the necessary equivalence tables. Either way, you can do the checking yourself. In them you will see, among other things, the country code along with the ECE approval, a necessary certificate if you want to circulate in Europe (in the US it would be DOT). Let's see an example: Thus, the E3 code reveals that the tire has been manufactured in Italy. Next comes a number similar to this 0248879 called ECE approval itself: 02 indicates the ECE 30 Series Regulation of approval on passenger tires. If it were 00, it would refer to the ECE 54 Series Regulation of commercial vehicles. The rest of the figures indicate the type of approval applied and if we added a final S, it would mean that it complies with the established noise limits. The UTQG code Another code that you should know to know how to read a tire is the UTQG (Uniform Tire Quality Grading, according to its initials); It is only required in the US and is intended for private cars. It is not very common to find the UTQG code in Europe, in addition to the studded tires such as those used in SUVs or 4x4s, snow, spare wheels or less than 12 inches, would be exempt from carrying it. The UTQG code has three sections: The Treadwear indicates the resistance to wear and is determined by each brand. The wheel drive is marked AA, A, B or C with AA being the best of all and C the worst. The maximum temperature reached by each tire and can be A, B or C depending on whether it is better (A) or worse (C). Equally important is to understand the description of a tire according to the recommended terrain of use, being able to read an M for mud indicating it is suitable in mud, an S for snow if it is snow and if it works for both, it would appear as M + S. The load index However, of all those printed codes, possibly the most striking data are the two groups of numbers and letters referring on one hand to the measurements (such as the width of the tire) and on the other to the load index and index of speed. These are specific structure codes printed on all tires regardless of your vehicle. Next we will explain with a practical example how to read a tire correctly taking into account what has been said. Let's take the following reference numbering: P 195/55 R 16 87V As you can see in the image, we observe two different code groups. The P warns of passenger vehicle, if it were a T it would indicate temporary use (spare wheel), the LT would be a light truck and the ST, a special trailer. The following two numbers warn of the width of the inflated tire: 195 mm in our case, followed by 55 referring to the height as a percentage of the width, that is, 55% of 195 mm results in 107.25 mm height (P 195/55 R 16 87V). Slightly more apart you can read an R whose meaning is radial, a type of tire that has been widely used especially since the 1960s. Until then, diagonals with low lateral stability were used. Today only radial tires are used whose design allows lower profiles with less weight. Finally in this first group is number 16, that is, the diameter of the rim in inches. If you prefer to have this data in millimeters, you only have to multiply it by 25.4: in our case it would be: 406.4 mm in diameter. Separated by a space, the second code (87V) begins. The index of 87 in our case represents a support of up to 545 kilograms per tire; as long as it is inflated to maximum safety pressure. This information is essential when loading luggage or merchandise type weight. We invite you to consult the following table and find out how much load yours supports: In relation to our example, the speed index and the load index are closely linked and ensure driving within established limits. The speed code of a tire We have already found out the dimensions of the tire adjusting its characteristics to our vehicle model; Now it is time to delve into the last aspect when reading tires. Thus, the speed index is that indicator related to the maximum speed allowed for a certain type of tire when it is properly inflated and under load. There are certain equivalences between the letters of the alphabet and the speed index that we show you in this third table: If you remember our example (P 195/55 R 16 87V), the speed index showed the letter V and as you can see it refers to 240 km / h in terms of maximum speed allowed for the roof of our example. It also has a load index of 545 kilograms per tire, always taking into account its inflation at maximum safety pressure. To verify this, they subject the tires to certain laboratory tests where they are pressed against a large metal drum while they roll at increasing speeds (increased by 6.2 km / h every 10 minutes), in this way they check the load and speed supported at the same time. Remember that all these tests are designed for tires in optimal conditions, without overloads or alterations of any kind, even after a small repair, these values ​​would not be worth because the manufacturer cannot guarantee the condition after the repair. HelpShippingReturnFAQsQualityCompanyAbout usTire BrandsRed Comfort carRoad SafetyCollectiveAssociateBecome an AffiliateNoticesPrivacy PolicyGeneral Terms & ConditionsCookiesAbout the siteMapwebContact us Do you want a discount voucher? Get it by subscribing to our newsletter! I agree to receive advertising information from this website in order to receive promotions and information of interest. You can consult our privacy policy. * discount cannot be combined with other offers or promotions. Confortauto Copyright 2020 - All rights reserved by nts Do you want a 5% discount voucher on your first purchase? Get it by subscribing to our newsletter! I agree to receive advertising information from this website in order to receive promotions and information of interest. You can consult our privacy policy. * discount cannot be combined with other offers or promotions. Do you want a 5% discount voucher on your first purchase? Get it by subscribing to our newsletter! I agree to receive advertising information from this website in order to receive promotions and information of interest. You can consult our privacy policy. * discount cannot be combined with other offers or promotions. Price: Type of vehicle: Brand: Width: Height: Diameter: Load: Speed: 2000 results X Write at least 3 characters. We use our own and third-party cookies to improve our services and show you advertising related to your preferences by analyzing your browsing habits. If you go on surfing, we will consider you accepting its use. You can change the configuration or obtain more information here. Mandatory Advertising Analysis Accept