Free loan car when changing car glass - Ryds Bilglas 0771-411 411Book time Our workshops Customer service About us Choose country Booking Book time Our workshops Damage notification form Customer service Services Stone shot Stone shot patch Change windscreen Calibration - For safety sake Analyze window box Ryds Bilglas About us News Environment FAQ Certification and Authorization Projects - Infinity Work with us Partners Partners Partners Partner glassmasters Menu Free loan car or electric bicycle When you change your windshield with us, we always offer a free loan car or electric bicycle while your car is with us. You simply pick up the loan car or electric bike when you hand in your car - and return it a few hours later when the change is complete. All you have to do is state this when you book. It won't be any easier. Conditions for loan car Booking of car is done in conjunction with booking of windshield change. The first five miles are free of charge. After five kilometers, the cost is 30 SEK / mile. Smoking and animals are not allowed in the car. Any fines during the loan period are paid by the customer. Terms for electric bicycle Booking of a bicycle is done in connection with the booking of a windshield change. The bicycle must be locked with the enclosed security lock. Any fine during the loan period is paid by the customer. In case of any damage or theft, the deductible is SEK 1,000 and is paid by the customer in accordance with current insurance conditions. car glass Free loan car or electric bike © Ryds Bilglas 2020 About conditions & personal information Scroll to top What does it cost? If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. If you only have traffic insurance, you can contact us for a quote. It is always cheapest if it is possible to repair the box but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 3 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. Excess risks for various insurance companies Fixing stone shot The deductible is normally between SEK 0 and 200, depending on the insurance company. Route change The deductible is normally between SEK 1500 and 3000 depending on the type of car and insurance company. Book time × How is it going? In the first place we fix the box, but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 2.5 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. Fixing stone shot You book a special time and we appreciate if you arrive just before the booked time. We do the job while you wait. We offer coffee and you have free access to wi-fi. Normally, your car is ready after about 30 minutes. Change of box You leave the car in the morning on the booked day. In connection with the submission, you can also pick up your loan car or electric bicycle if you booked this. When the car is ready we send a sms. You pick up the car in the afternoon before the workshop closes. Book time × By continuing to use this site you agree to the use of cookies. more information Accept Your cookie settings for this site are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best experience. If you continue to use the site without changing your cookie settings or if you click "Accept" below, you agree to this.Close