Certification and Authorization - Ryds Bilglas 0771-411 411Book time Our workshops Customer service About us Choose country Booking Book time Our workshops Damage notification form Customer service Services Stone shot Stoneware plaster Change windscreen Windscreen car window us News Environment Frequently Asked Questions Certification and Authorization Projects - Infinity Work with us Partners Partners Partners Partner glassmasters Menu Authorized & Certified car glassmasters Certification Ryds Bilglas are certified according to Quality ISO 9001, Environment ISO14001, Work Environment OHSAS 18001 and Dekra-certified. Our goal is for the customer to experience a satisfactory level of service and quality and reduce our ecological imprint on the environment. To achieve these goals, we are working on continuous improvements to ensure the quality of our work and pollution prevention. Authorization When you use Ryds Bilglas, you hire an authorized car glass master. This means that we are specialists in car glass. We deliver the highest quality of work and materials for safe repairs and fast service. About Ryds Car Glass About us News Sustainability at Ryds Car Glass Environment Projects - Infinity Certification and Authorization Frequently Asked Questions Working with us © Ryds Car Glass 2020 About Terms & Personal Information Scroll to top What does it cost? If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. If you only have traffic insurance, you can contact us for a quote. It is always cheapest if it is possible to repair the box but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 3 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. Excess risks for various insurance companies Fixing stone shot The deductible is normally between SEK 0 and 200, depending on the insurance company. Route change The deductible is normally between SEK 1500 and 3000 depending on the type of car and insurance company. Book time × How is it going? In the first place we fix the box, but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 2.5 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. Fixing stone shot You book a special time and we appreciate if you arrive just before the booked time. We do the job while you wait. We offer coffee and you have free access to wi-fi. Normally, your car is ready after about 30 minutes. Change of box You leave the car in the morning on the booked day. In connection with the submission, you can also pick up your loan car or electric bicycle if you booked this. When the car is ready we send a sms. You pick up the car in the afternoon before the workshop closes. Book time × By continuing to use this site you agree to the use of cookies. more information Accept Your cookie settings for this site are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best experience. If you continue to use the site without changing your cookie settings or if you click "Accept" below, you agree to this.Close