Car glass - we change car glass & car window - Ryds Bilglas 0771-411 411Book time Our workshops Customer service About us Choose country Booking Book time Our workshops Damage notification form Customer service Services Stoneware Stonecloth plaster Change windscreen wiper Calibration - For safety sake Analyze About Ryds Bilglas About us News Environment Frequently asked questions Certification and authorization Project - Infinity Working with us Partners Partners partners Partner glaziers Menu Ryds Bilglas information about the Corona virus We want to inform all customers and partners that we at Ryds Bilglas, despite the period of uncertainty we are in as a result of the Corona virus, is fully functional and continues to deliver repair and replacement of vehicle glass. Read more We change car glass and repair stone shot How is it done? What does it cost? Book time We change car glass and repair stone shots How is it done? What does it cost? Book time Ryds Bilglas - Sweden's largest car glass expert We are located in 130 plants throughout Sweden and are the market leader in the repair and replacement of car glass. We handle all contact with the insurance company, you just need to make an appointment. If the windshield needs to be changed, we offer free loan car or electric bicycle. In many cases, the box does not need to be replaced but can be repaired instead. Good for your wallet, the environment and your time. Book time Read more about our services Stone shotStone shot plaster Switch windscreenLoan car Calibration Free loan car or electric bicycle When you change your windscreen with us Read more Calibration For safety reasons In modern cars, the windscreen is often equipped with cameras and sensors that have central safety functions. When you change the windshield, it is therefore important for the safety that you not only get a new glass - but that you get the right windshield, the right mount and the right calibration. Read more Project Infinity by Erika Lagerbielke With Infinity, glass artist Erika Lagerbielke for the first time takes the car glass from the street to the fine lounges. Infinity is a limited edition artwork, made freely by recycled car glass in the old Kosta Glassworks and is sold by Svenskt Tenn. A sustainability project initiated by Ryds Bilglas. Read more © Ryds Bilglas 2020 About conditions & personal information Scroll to top What does it cost? If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. If you only have traffic insurance, you can contact us for a quote. It is always cheapest if it is possible to repair the box but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 3 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. Excess risks for various insurance companies Fixing stone shot The deductible is normally between SEK 0 and 200, depending on the insurance company. Route change The deductible is normally between SEK 1500 and 3000 depending on the type of car and insurance company. Book time × How is it going? In the first place we fix the box, but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 2.5 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. Fixing stone shot You book a special time and we appreciate if you arrive just before the booked time. We do the job while you wait. We offer coffee and you have free access to wi-fi. Normally, your car is ready after about 30 minutes. Change of box You leave the car in the morning on the booked day. In connection with the submission, you can also pick up your loan car or electric bicycle if you booked this. When the car is ready we send a sms. You pick up the car in the afternoon before the workshop closes. Book time × By continuing to use this site you agree to the use of cookies. more information Accept Your cookie settings for this site are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best experience. If you continue to use the site without changing your cookie settings or if you click "Accept" below, you agree to this.Close