Terms & Privacy - Ryds Bilglas 0771-411 411 Book time Our workshops Customer service About us Choose country Booking Book time Our workshops Damage notification form Customer service Services Stone shot Stone shot patch Change windscreen Calibration - For safety sake Car windscreen wiper Blade Filters us News Environment Frequently asked questions Certification and Authorization Projects - Infinity Working with us Partners Partners Partners Partner glass master Menu Terms and privacy The responsible publisher for this site is Ryds Bilglas AB. Here you will find information about the terms and conditions that apply to the use of the site and our services, how we process personal data and other information concerning your privacy. Personal information When you order something from us, eg if you book a time for a replacement, stone shot or order a stone shot patch, we collect the information we need to be able to fulfill your order. We process the personal data in order to fulfill the agreement and the legislation and be used in market processing. The personal data that is processed are: Name, address, email address, telephone number Registration number for the vehicle In addition we collect information about yours from the Swedish Transport Agency. This information also includes the organization number / social security number of the user of the vehicle, which we use in the customer register. The personal data may be sent to insurance companies. The personal data will only be processed within the EEA. There are no forms of automated decision-making or profiling. For completed orders, the information is stored for 7 years in accordance with the Accounting Act. As a registered person, you have the right to request; access to personal data rectification of incorrect or incomplete personal data deletion of personal data restriction of personal data right to object to processing right to data portability Signed request as above shall be sent to the data controller at the address below. As a registered person, you have the right to submit a complaint to the Swedish Regulatory Authority Data Inspectorate. If you want more information about the information we have saved about you or want us to delete the information, you can contact us via email, gdpr@rydsbilglas.se. Google Analytics We use Google Analytics for statistics on the use of this site. Google's Terms of Service for Google Analytics Cookies A cookie (or cookie) is a small text file that a website requests to save on the visitor's computer. Cookies are used on many websites to give a visitor access to various features. The information in the cookie can also be used to track a user's browsing on websites that use the same cookie. We use eg cookies to collect statistics about the use of our site, at logins and to "remember" what choices the user made. About Ryds Car Glass About us News Sustainability at Ryds Car Glass Environment Projects - Infinity Certification and Authorization Frequently Asked Questions Working with us © Ryds Car Glass 2020 About Terms & Personal Information Scroll to top What does it cost? If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. If you only have traffic insurance, you can contact us for a quote. It is always cheapest if it is possible to repair the box but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 3 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. Excess risks for various insurance companies Fixing stone shot The deductible is normally between SEK 0 and 200, depending on the insurance company. Route change The deductible is normally between SEK 1500 and 3000 depending on the type of car and insurance company. Book time × How is it going? In the first place we fix the box, but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 2.5 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. Fixing stone shot You book a special time and we appreciate if you arrive just before the booked time. We do the job while you wait. We offer coffee and you have free access to wi-fi. Normally, your car is ready after about 30 minutes. Change of box You leave the car in the morning on the booked day. In connection with the submission, you can also pick up your loan car or electric bicycle if you booked this. When the car is ready we send a sms. You pick up the car in the afternoon before the workshop closes. Book time × By continuing to use this site you agree to the use of cookies. more information Accept Your cookie settings for this site are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best experience. If you continue to use the site without changing your cookie settings or if you click "Accept" below, you agree to this.Close