Infinity - Ryds Bilglas 0771-411 411 Book time Our workshops Customer service About us Choose country Booking Book time Our workshops Damage notification form Customer service Services Stone shot Stone shot patches Change windscreen Calibration - For safety Forums Analyze box Wiper blade Replacement wiper Rinsing screen Environment Frequently Asked Questions Certification and Authorization Project - Infinity Work with us Partners Partners Partners Partner glass master Menu With Infinity, glass artist Erika Lagerbielke for the first time takes the car glass from the street to the fine lounges. Infinity is a work of art in limited edition, made on free hand of recycled car glass in the old Kosta glassworks and marketed by Svenskt Tenn. A sustainability project initiated by Ryds Bilglas. When Anders Jensen was a teenager, he worked at a glass store. Already he realized how important it is for the environment to be able to recycle glass in smart ways. Today he is the CEO of Ryds Auto Glass and is actively looking for new uses for recycled car glass. - It's not enough to have the material to make it something, says Anders Jensen. There must be visions for how the raw material is to be used. We have every opportunity to create completely new uses. Both for the glass and the laminate that is in the windshield. It can be building materials, floors, art glass. Only we dare to test! From high-tech to handmade Together with PR consultant Micael Bindefeld, Anders Jensen contacted designer Erika Lagerbielke, professor of glass design at Linnaeus University in Växjö and one of Sweden's most well-known designers with beloved series for, among others, Orrefors and Mema / GAB. Erika's interest in exploring the boundaries of glass as a material was in good agreement with Ryds Bilgla's vision for the project. Together they wanted to create something completely new from the recycled car glass that Ryds has access to. They wanted to find a product that symbolized the idea of ​​cycles and new uses. Something that was completely different from the practical and everyday life that car glass stands for. The result was Infinity. - Glass has fantastic properties, says Erika Lagerbielke. It can be anything. And rarely does it appear as clearly as when it changes shape from one extreme to another. As from high-tech car glass to handmade art glass. A unique project Infinity is in many ways a unique project. On the one hand, it is the first time ever that car glass has been transformed into art glass. On the one hand, each piece is unique, freely formed with its own character and craftsmanship. In today's cars, the windscreen is a central part of the design, often equipped with advanced technology such as cameras and various sensors that fulfill central security functions. When the boxes get damaged they are replaced and thousands of tons of car glass are collected every year. Nevertheless, the interest in recycling the car glass in new creative ways has been cool. With Infinity, Ryds Bilglas wants to show that more can be done. That there are endless, even endless, opportunities. Infinity is sold exclusively at Svenskt Tenn in Stockholm. In the shop on Strandvägen 5 as here in the web shop. photo: Jonas Lindström PreviousNext12345678910111213141516 About Ryds Bilglas About us News Sustainability at Ryds Bilglas Environment Projects - Infinity Certification and Authorization Frequently Asked Questions Work with us © Ryds Bilglas 2020 About conditions & personal information Scroll to top What does it cost? If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. If you only have traffic insurance, you can contact us for a quote. It is always cheapest if it is possible to repair the box but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 3 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. Excess risks for various insurance companies Fixing stone shot The deductible is normally between SEK 0 and 200, depending on the insurance company. Route change The deductible is normally between SEK 1500 and 3000 depending on the type of car and insurance company. Book time × How is it going? In the first place we fix the box, but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 2.5 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. Fixing stone shot You book a special time and we appreciate if you arrive just before the booked time. We do the job while you wait. We offer coffee and you have free access to wi-fi. Normally, your car is ready after about 30 minutes. Change of box You leave the car in the morning on the booked day. In connection with the submission, you can also pick up your loan car or electric bicycle if you booked this. When the car is ready we send a sms. You pick up the car in the afternoon before the workshop closes. Book time × By continuing to use this site you agree to the use of cookies. more information Accept Your cookie settings for this site are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best experience. If you continue to use the site without changing your cookie settings or if you click "Accept" below, you agree to this.Close