Environment - Ryds Bilglas 0771-411 411Book time Our workshops Customer service About us Select country Booking Book time Our workshops Damage notification form Customer service Services Stone shot Stone shot patches Change windscreen Calibration - For safety Forums Analyze the box Wiper blade Replacement box Environment Frequently Asked Questions Certification and Authorization Projects - Infinity Work with us Partners Partners Partners Partner glassmasters Menu Green is nice Environmental issues have always been an important issue for Ryds Auto Glass and for our customers. We demonstrate this by being certified in accordance with ISO 14001, which means that we actively work with our environmental policy and relevant goals and action plans throughout our organization. It is an important aspect to work with to ensure a reduced global climate impact. One part of this is that our customers are always offered a loan cycle and that the loan cars we have are environmentally classified. Our goal is to be completely climate neutral by 2020! About Ryds Car Glass About us News Sustainability at Ryds Car Glass Environment Projects - Infinity Certification and Authorization Frequently Asked Questions Working with us © Ryds Car Glass 2020 About Terms & Personal Information Scroll to top What does it cost? If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. If you only have traffic insurance, you can contact us for a quote. It is always cheapest if it is possible to repair the box but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 3 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. Excess risks for various insurance companies Fixing stone shot The deductible is normally between SEK 0 and 200, depending on the insurance company. Route change The deductible is normally between SEK 1500 and 3000 depending on the type of car and insurance company. Book time × How is it going? In the first place we fix the box, but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 2.5 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. Fixing stone shot You book a special time and we appreciate if you arrive just before the booked time. We do the job while you wait. We offer coffee and you have free access to wi-fi. Normally, your car is ready after about 30 minutes. Change of box You leave the car in the morning on the booked day. In connection with the submission, you can also pick up your loan car or electric bicycle if you booked this. When the car is ready we send a sms. You pick up the car in the afternoon before the workshop closes. Book time × By continuing to use this site you agree to the use of cookies. more information Accept Your cookie settings for this site are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best experience. If you continue to use the site without changing your cookie settings or if you click "Accept" below, you agree to this.Close