Frequently asked questions - Ryds Bilglas 0771-411 411Book time Our workshops Customer service About us Select country Booking Book time Our workshops Damage notification form Customer service Services Stone shot Stone shot patches Change windscreen Calibration - For safety For vehicles Analyze the box Wiper blades Rinsing blades News Environment Frequently asked questions Certification and authorization Project - Infinity Work with us Partners Partners Partners Partner glass master Menu FAQ Car glass questions Why should I make a stone shot when I can change the box instead? Preparing a stone shot is cheaper for both you and the insurance company. In addition, it goes quickly, we repair the damage while you wait, and it is kinder to the environment. Where can I order your stone shot patches? Stone shot patches can be ordered here. You can also call our customer service at 0771-411 411 or pick up your stone shot patch at our workshops. Is it right that you get a loan car from you when you change the windscreen? That's right. In fact, you can even opt for a rental car or electric bike. It is completely free and five free miles are included if you choose a rental car. You can cycle as far as you like. Book your car or bike in conjunction with the booking. How big a stone can you cook? Stone shoots up to 3 cm can usually be repaired. If the damage is greater, a replacement is usually required. How much does it cost to change the windscreen when you have insurance? It depends on which insurance company and which car model you have. The deductible, and thus the cost, varies between SEK 1,500 and SEK 3,000. For a precise quote, click here. How much does it cost to fix a stone shot when you have insurance? You only pay the deductible to your insurance company. It varies between SEK 0 and 200, depending on which insurance company you have. What payment methods are offered? You can pay by credit or debit card (not AMEX) and Swish. Invoice only to registered corporate customers. Our workshops are cash-free. How long does it take to fix a stone shot? The work takes between 30 and 45 minutes, and you can wait with us while we repair your injury. How long does it take to change the windscreen? Often we can change the windshield the same day you call us. But depending on the season, the waiting time can be between one to five working days. However, we do the exchange ourselves throughout the day, and you have free access to a loan car in the meantime. Do I need to contact my insurance company before changing the windscreen? No, we take care of contact with your insurance company. All you need to do is fill out a simplified claim form that you can pick up here and bring with you when you leave your car. Are you certified, if so, how? Quality ISO9001 and Environment ISO14001 Our goal is for the customer to experience a satisfactory level of service and quality and reduce our ecological imprint on the environment. To achieve these goals, we are working on continuous improvements to ensure the quality of our work and pollution prevention. About Ryds Car Glass About us News Sustainability at Ryds Car Glass Environment Projects - Infinity Certification and Authorization Frequently Asked Questions Working with us © Ryds Car Glass 2020 About Terms & Personal Information Scroll to top What does it cost? If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. If you only have traffic insurance, you can contact us for a quote. It is always cheapest if it is possible to repair the box but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 3 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. Excess risks for various insurance companies Fixing stone shot The deductible is normally between SEK 0 and 200, depending on the insurance company. Route change The deductible is normally between SEK 1500 and 3000 depending on the type of car and insurance company. Book time × How is it going? In the first place we fix the box, but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 2.5 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. Fixing stone shot You book a special time and we appreciate if you arrive just before the booked time. We do the job while you wait. We offer coffee and you have free access to wi-fi. Normally, your car is ready after about 30 minutes. Change of box You leave the car in the morning on the booked day. In connection with the submission, you can also pick up your loan car or electric bicycle if you booked this. When the car is ready we send a sms. You pick up the car in the afternoon before the workshop closes. Book time × By continuing to use this site you agree to the use of cookies. more information Accept Your cookie settings for this site are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best experience. If you continue to use the site without changing your cookie settings or if you click "Accept" below, you agree to this.Close