Change of windscreen - Ryds Bilglas 0771-411 411Book time Our workshops Customer service About us Choose country Booking Book time Our workshops Damage notification form Customer service Services Stone shot Stone shot patch Change windscreen us News Environment Frequently Asked Questions Certification and Authorization Projects - Infinity Work with us Partners Partners Partners Partner glaziers Menu Need to change the windshield, we help you! We always try to repair a damaged car window, but sometimes we can't. If your windscreen cannot be repaired, we will replace it throughout the day. In some situations, it may be that a windshield is in such poor condition that it cannot or should not be repaired for safety reasons. Then it needs to be replaced in a professional and professional manner. We have the right car windows for all car makes and year models: windscreen, rear window and side windows. Increase safety and make your car better by replacing a damaged windscreen. In addition, you only pay the deductible, which varies depending on the type of insurance coverage you have. You do not have to fill out forms and have contact with the insurance company, all we do. If you need, we offer a free loan car or electric bike while we change the windshield of your car. Free Loan Car What does it cost? Book Time Services Stone shot Stone shot patch Change windscreen Calibration - For safety's sake Analyze the box Wiper blade Rinse liquid The film about car glass Free loan car or electric bike © Ryds Bilglas 2020 About conditions & personal information Scroll to top What does it cost? If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. If you only have traffic insurance, you can contact us for a quote. It is always cheapest if it is possible to repair the box but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 3 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. Excess risks for various insurance companies Fixing stone shot The deductible is normally between SEK 0 and 200, depending on the insurance company. Route change The deductible is normally between SEK 1500 and 3000 depending on the type of car and insurance company. Book time × How is it going? In the first place we fix the box, but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 2.5 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. Fixing stone shot You book a special time and we appreciate if you arrive just before the booked time. We do the job while you wait. We offer coffee and you have free access to wi-fi. Normally, your car is ready after about 30 minutes. Change of box You leave the car in the morning on the booked day. In connection with the submission, you can also pick up your loan car or electric bicycle if you booked this. When the car is ready we send a sms. You pick up the car in the afternoon before the workshop closes. Book time × By continuing to use this site you agree to the use of cookies. more information Accept Your cookie settings for this site are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best experience. If you continue to use the site without changing your cookie settings or if you click "Accept" below, you agree to this.Close