Fix stone scrap on car window - Ryds Bilgas 0771-411 411Book time Our workshops Customer service About us Choose country Booking Book time Our workshops Damage notification form Customer service Services Stone scrap Stone scrap plaster Change windscreen car window About us News Environment Frequently asked questions Certification and Authorization Projects - Infinity Work with us Partners Partners Partners Partner glassmasters Menu Have you got a stone shot? A stone shot can be the beginning of a crack in the windshield. Therefore, it is important to fix the stone shot as quickly as possible, otherwise you may have to change the entire windshield. A stone shot is a damage to the windscreen that can cause the entire window to burst. This is serious, as the windscreen is an important part of the car's load-bearing structure. A cracked car window therefore causes a weakening. In addition, visibility is getting worse, with reduced road safety as a result. We save your windshield We fix your stone shot. This means a big saving for you, the environment and the insurance company. You only pay the deductible, which varies between SEK 0 and 200, depending on the type of insurance cover you have. You do not have to fill out forms and have contact with the insurance company, all we do. The repair takes about half an hour. While you wait, we offer coffee and free access to wifi. Good to know about stone shot The purpose of the repair is to prevent the stone shot from developing into a crack. The damage will not be invisible after the repair. The result of the repair depends on the structure of the stone shot and the length of time since the damage occurred. An old stone shot has worse conditions for being perfect. Glass as a material contains stresses, so there is a certain risk that the stone shot will deteriorate during the repair procedure. If this happens, the workshop is exempt from liability. Warranty If the repair within a year develops into a crack, the repair cost will be refunded in connection with the change of windscreen. The cost / deductible for any glass change is the responsibility of the car owner. Book Time Stone shot plaster What does it cost? Services Stone shot Stone shot patch Change windscreen Calibration - For safety Analyze box Wiper blade Rinsing liquid The film about car glass Free loan car or electric bike © Ryds Bilglas 2020 About conditions & personal information Scroll to top What does it cost? If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. If you only have traffic insurance, you can contact us for a quote. It is always cheapest if it is possible to repair the box but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 3 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. Excess risks for various insurance companies Fixing stone shot The deductible is normally between SEK 0 and 200, depending on the insurance company. Route change The deductible is normally between SEK 1500 and 3000 depending on the type of car and insurance company. Book time × How is it going? In the first place we fix the box, but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 2.5 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. Fixing stone shot You book a special time and we appreciate if you arrive just before the booked time. We do the job while you wait. We offer coffee and you have free access to wi-fi. Normally, your car is ready after about 30 minutes. Change of box You leave the car in the morning on the booked day. In connection with the submission, you can also pick up your loan car or electric bicycle if you booked this. When the car is ready we send a sms. You pick up the car in the afternoon before the workshop closes. Book time × By continuing to use this site you agree to the use of cookies. more information Accept Your cookie settings for this site are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best experience. If you continue to use the site without changing your cookie settings or if you click "Accept" below, you agree to this.Close