Calibration - For safety reasons - Ryds Bilglas 0771-411 411Book time Our workshops Customer service About us Choose country Booking Book time Our workshops Damage notification form Customer service Services Stoneware Stoneware plaster Change windscreen Calibration file Car glass About us News Environment Frequently asked questions Certification and authorization Projects - Infinity Working with us Partners Partners Partners Partner glass master Menu CALIBRATION - FOR SAFETY As Sweden's largest car glass player, we have a responsibility to be at the forefront when it comes to safety. Therefore, all our workshops are equipped with calibration tools from world-leading Hella Gutmann Solutions in Germany. We also have specially trained staff who ensure that the calibration is done correctly for your particular car. In modern cars, the windscreen is a central part of the design, often equipped with cameras and sensors that have central safety features. When you change the windshield, it is therefore important for the safety that you not only get a new glass - but that you get the right windshield, the right mount and the right calibration. Which you get from us at Ryds Bilglas. FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS What functions are calibrated? It depends on your car. Common safety systems that are in the car and need to be calibrated are, for example, lane assist, fatigue alarm and auto brake. Do all cars need to be calibrated? No, it varies between different car brands. In cases where the manufacturer recommends it, we always perform a calibration. How do I know if my car needs calibration? It is the manufacturer who states whether the car needs to be calibrated after replacement or not. Ask us if you feel unsure. Does the car need to be calibrated at stone shot? No, in the case of a regular stone shot, the car does not need to be calibrated. How much does a calibration cost? It depends on the functions that are in the windshield and which parts to calibrate. If you have a fixed deductible for changing the windscreen, you only pay it and nothing more. How long does it take to calibrate? It depends on the parts to be calibrated. Most calibrations take less than an hour but sometimes the car needs to be driven after the calibration to see that everything is working properly, then it may take a little longer. At Ryds Bilglas you have a free loan car or electric bicycle when you change the windscreen if you state this wish in connection with a booking. Services Stone shot Stone shot patch Change windscreen Calibration - For safety Analyze box Wiper blade Rinsing liquid The film about car glass Free loan car or electric bike © Ryds Bilglas 2020 About conditions & personal information Scroll to top What does it cost? If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. If you only have traffic insurance, you can contact us for a quote. It is always cheapest if it is possible to repair the box but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 3 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. Excess risks for various insurance companies Fixing stone shot The deductible is normally between SEK 0 and 200, depending on the insurance company. Route change The deductible is normally between SEK 1500 and 3000 depending on the type of car and insurance company. Book time × How is it going? In the first place we fix the box, but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 2.5 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. Fixing stone shot You book a special time and we appreciate if you arrive just before the booked time. We do the job while you wait. We offer coffee and you have free access to wi-fi. Normally, your car is ready after about 30 minutes. Change of box You leave the car in the morning on the booked day. In connection with the submission, you can also pick up your loan car or electric bicycle if you booked this. When the car is ready we send a sms. You pick up the car in the afternoon before the workshop closes. Book time × By continuing to use this site you agree to the use of cookies. more information Accept Your cookie settings for this site are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best experience. If you continue to use the site without changing your cookie settings or if you click "Accept" below, you agree to this.Close