Wiper Blades - change wiper blades for clear visibility - Ryds Bilglas 0771-411 411Book time Our workshops Customer service About us Choose country Booking time Our workshops Damage notification form Customer service Services Stoneware Stoneware plaster Change windscreen wiper Calibration - For safety sake About Ryds Car Glass About us News Environment Frequently asked questions Certification and Authorization Projects - Infinity Working with us Partners Partners Partners Partner glassmasters Menu Wiper blades Having fresh wiper blades is important for traffic safety. Since 1969, it has been law that all cars should have windshield wipers with functioning wiper blades ahead. However, there is no law on having a wiper blade at the back. But how often should you change wiper blades? Which wiper blades are best in tests? Can you clean up wiper blades and when do you need to buy new ones? We help you look good behind the wheel. Replacing the wiper blade On a fresh wiper blade, the rubber strip should lie against the windscreen and maintain contact throughout the movement. When the wiper blades start to drop out of the box, when the rubber strip starts to dry out and crack or when you see that they do not work as well as before and leave traces on the box, it is time to change. Usually you need to change to new wiper blades about once a year. Do not try to freshen up a few worn wiper blades with various chemical solutions, it wipes out the wiper blades and makes them lose even more of their function. The right wiper blade Wiper blade is available from a variety of manufacturers, in different sizes and price ranges. You can get help with choosing the model that fits your car at your local dealer or where you shop wiper blades online. When you know what type of wiper blades you should have, you can buy them from any manufacturer. So you don't have to have a Volvo wiper blade just for driving a Volvo, or a BMW wiper blade for having a BMW. All brands work well, such as Bosch wiper blades or other generic brands. There are several test sites online that compare which wiper blades are the best in tests. Mounting wiper blades On modern cars it can be a little tricky to change wiper blades. If you have difficulty replacing the wiper blades, we recommend that you let the workshop do it, or with us at Ryds Bilglas if you are going to change or repair the windshield. In short, do the following: Replace the wiper blade in 4 easy steps Lift up the windscreen wiper and angle the wiper blade back. When you reach the correct position, pull the wiper blade up. Put the new wiper blade in the same position. Fold down the windshield wiper. Clear! Services Stone shot Stone shot patch Change windscreen Calibration - For safety Analyze box Wiper blade Rinsing liquid The film about car glass Free loan car or electric bike © Ryds Bilglas 2020 About conditions & personal information Scroll to top What does it cost? If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. If you only have traffic insurance, you can contact us for a quote. It is always cheapest if it is possible to repair the box but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 3 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. Excess risks for various insurance companies Fixing stone shot The deductible is normally between SEK 0 and 200, depending on the insurance company. Route change The deductible is normally between SEK 1500 and 3000 depending on the type of car and insurance company. Book time × How is it going? In the first place we fix the box, but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 2.5 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. Fixing stone shot You book a special time and we appreciate if you arrive just before the booked time. We do the job while you wait. We offer coffee and you have free access to wi-fi. Normally, your car is ready after about 30 minutes. Change of box You leave the car in the morning on the booked day. In connection with the submission, you can also pick up your loan car or electric bicycle if you booked this. When the car is ready we send a sms. You pick up the car in the afternoon before the workshop closes. Book time × By continuing to use this site you agree to the use of cookies. more information Accept Your cookie settings for this site are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best experience. If you continue to use the site without changing your cookie settings or if you click "Accept" below, you agree to this.Close