Flushing liquid - pre-mixed & concentrate - Ryds Bilglas 0771-411 411Book time Our workshops Customer service About us Choose country Booking time Our workshops Damage notification form Customer service Services Stoneware Stoneware plaster Replacement windscreen wiper Calibration - For safety sake Analyze Car glass About us News Environment Frequently asked questions Certification and Authorization Projects - Infinity Working with us Partners Partners Partners Partner glass master Menu RINSE FLUID Having the right flushing fluid is an important detail for good visibility and safe driving. The advice is to always use a flushing liquid for a lower temperature than expected. But which variant should you choose? What separates flushing fluid summer from flushing liquid winter? Is it best to use concentrated flushing liquid or pre-mixed? And what exactly does flushing liquid contain? We work out the concepts! Save your windshield Previously, most people bought concentrated washer fluid and diluted it with water. Today it is common to buy the flushing liquid pre-mixed and pour it directly into the car's container. Many also tank pre-mixed flushing fluid from a pump at the gas station. Often, the flushing fluid container is placed in the engine compartment, which requires opening the bonnet to be able to refill. Flushing liquid - pre-mixed or concentrated Flushing liquid contains different additives depending on whether it is intended for use in winter or summer. If you buy flushing fluid for winter use, it should contain alcohol (often ethanol and isopropanol) that protects the car's flushing system and prevents the flushing liquid from freezing at low temperatures. The rinsing liquid also contains cleaning agents that dissolve dirt and dust on the windows. Summer flushing liquid does not contain alcohol but may have other additives such as insect remover. Flushing liquid temperature Keep track of the mixture of flushing liquid that is in the car. Pre-mixed flushing fluid often works down to 18-20 minus degrees. If it becomes a cold button, you need to refill with concentrated flushing liquid, otherwise the entire flushing system can freeze. Washer fluid and wiper blades Together with the wiper blades, it is the washer fluid that gives you free visibility in traffic. Therefore, make sure to take care of both parts. With wiper blades in good condition, less flushing fluid is used to clean the box, and with flushing fluid in the right mix, the wiper blades work more efficiently and wear less. Services Stone shot Stone shot patch Change windscreen Calibration - For safety Analyze box Wiper blade Rinsing liquid The film about car glass Free loan car or electric bike © Ryds Bilglas 2020 About conditions & personal information Scroll to top What does it cost? If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. If you only have traffic insurance, you can contact us for a quote. It is always cheapest if it is possible to repair the box but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 3 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. Excess risks for various insurance companies Fixing stone shot The deductible is normally between SEK 0 and 200, depending on the insurance company. Route change The deductible is normally between SEK 1500 and 3000 depending on the type of car and insurance company. Book time × How is it going? In the first place we fix the box, but depending on the size of the damage (larger than about 2.5 cm) and placement it may be necessary to change the box. A stone shot should be repaired as soon as possible to reduce the risk of it growing into a larger crack. In addition, it saves time, environment and money. If you have half or full insurance, you normally pay the deductible and the insurance company is responsible for the rest. We help you with the contact with the insurance company. Fixing stone shot You book a special time and we appreciate if you arrive just before the booked time. We do the job while you wait. We offer coffee and you have free access to wi-fi. Normally, your car is ready after about 30 minutes. Change of box You leave the car in the morning on the booked day. In connection with the submission, you can also pick up your loan car or electric bicycle if you booked this. When the car is ready we send a sms. You pick up the car in the afternoon before the workshop closes. Book time × By continuing to use this site you agree to the use of cookies. more information Accept Your cookie settings for this site are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best experience. If you continue to use the site without changing your cookie settings or if you click "Accept" below, you agree to this.Close