Your car service - Marshall RadomMENUToggle navigationCALL USOfferPrice listContact +48 48 303 19 61 WE CARE ABOUT YOUR COMFORT DRIVING CLAIMIZATION CLIMATE CONTROL AND REPAIR MARSHALL - YOUR PROFESSIONAL CAR SERVICE Your car is in good hands. The Marshall workshop is a high class service of tires, rims, air conditioning and much more. See for yourself how much we do for drivers of various types of cars from Radom and beyond. We provide efficient tire service in both passenger cars and vans. We comprehensively repair and replace, fairly sell and store tires securely. We also offer professional rim straightening. Visit us and see for yourself! We provide expert advice from our experienced specialists when buying new and used rims. Marshall car service is not only professional vulcanization of all types of cars. Our clients also value the high quality of our service and complete diagnostic services in the field of air conditioning, as well as the professional and partner approach of our experienced mechanics. For the comfort of all drivers from Radom and the surrounding area, we also carry out minor mechanical repairs of the suspension system, replace discs and brake pads . RANGE OF OUR SERVICES TIRES RIMS STRAIGHTING RIMS PAINTING RIMS TPMS SENSORS MECHANICS AIR CONDITIONING CLEARANCE TIRES STORAGE TIRES BALANCING TIRES GEOMETRY SERVICE AND SALE TIRES FOR PERSONAL CAR AND SUPPLY For nearly 20 years of our reliable operation, we have helped thousands of drivers. Our professional service team, consisting only of experienced specialists, efficiently ensures the full satisfaction of all customers. We always completely individually advise you on the selection of the best tires and rims for various types of cars, such as passenger cars and vans. We have modern equipment for changing tires and balancing wheels, providing comprehensive service for our customers' cars. We precisely paint, weld and straighten rims with small defects. For the duration of the service, we invite you to our comfortably furnished waiting room, where you can wait for a pickup of your vehicle over coffee or tea. We invite you to our workshop in Radom for the solution of every tire problem and for seasonal tire replacement. MARSHALL - SPECIALISTS NOT ONLY FROM VULCANIZATION Tires, rims, air conditioning and suspension system are the elements of the vehicle that wear out the fastest, which requires extremely frequent servicing. That is why we created in Radom a place where drivers of different types of cars can count on rapid and professional service in the field of diagnostics, servicing and sales of new as well as used tires, rims and other components. Our staff consists of a well-coordinated group of experienced specialists who not only professionally service each type of car, but also advise on the best solutions, also financially, for customers. We have gained knowledge and experience, among others during trainings at international companies Michelin, Pirelli and Tiptopol. We are always ready to take on even the most demanding orders, because the satisfaction of our clients is the most important for us. Contact us! Marshall ul. Mieszko I 32 Radom Mon - Fri: 8:00 - 18:00 Saturday: 8:00 - 15:00 + 48 48 303 19 61 +48 48 384 77 55 +48 502 039 637opony.marshall@gmail.com © 2018 MARSHALL Tomasz Marshal Privacy Policy Implementation Fachowcy.pl Ventures S.A.