Our offer - Marshall RadomMENUToggle navigationCALL USOfferPrice listContact +48 48 303 19 61 TIRES Our offer includes new and used tires from the largest tire companies in the world, such as: Michelin, Continental, Bridgestone, Dunlop, Goodyear, PirellI, Vredestein, Yokohama, Toyo and many others. We sell summer, winter and all-season tires for passenger cars, vans and 4x4s. Our 16-year experience will provide you with fast and efficient service as well as professional selection of tires by young and qualified staff. RIMS In our wide assortment we have new and used steel and aluminum rims from manufacturers such as ATT, BBS, Enzo, Kronprinz, Ronal, AEZ, Dezent, Keskin-Tuning, MOMO, RH, Borbet, Dotz, KFZ Stahlrad, OZ, Tomason. rims will help you with the configurators on the given pages: www.alcar.pl | www.stylauto.com.pl Everyone who values ​​style and elegance will find something interesting in our offer. We also have a wide range of different types of screws, nuts, centering rings and safeguards of the renowned McGard company. RIM STRAIGHTING We provide professional services in the repair of steel and aluminum rims. Our experience and the highest class devices allow for comprehensive repair of all car rims up to 25 inches. The purpose of straightening the rim is to bring it into service. It is not always possible to perfectly straighten the rim to its perfect shape. The most important is the plane on which the tire sits, not the edge. All rims straightened by our service are suitable for driving. Our service having the right tools has the possibility of surfacing and welding cracks in aluminum rims using a special TIG welding machine that allows argon welding to weld cracks, providing adequate strength. The experience we have gained for years in the field of straightening rims, deepen every day. We ensure the correct performance of the service, because professionalism is the key to success. We do not repair wheels that we believe may pose a safety risk in continued use. RIM PAINTING We also sand and paint rims using powder and traditional methods. Sand blasting is the process of cleaning surfaces with a stream of concentrated air with the addition of an abrasive. It is made to clean metal surfaces from rust, scale, varnish or paint. We will perfectly reproduce any rim that will look beautiful for several years after renovation. At the client's request, we will choose the color, shade and texture of the varnish. TPMS SENSORS The tire pressure monitoring system (TPMS) is a system integrated in the vehicle that monitors the gas pressure in the tire on an ongoing basis. There are two different types of systems: direct (pressure measurement with a sensor in the rim) and indirect (measurement with an ABS sensor in the car). The display on the vehicle's dashboard alerts the driver if the system catches pressure drop in one or more tires. TPMS performs three functions: Increases driving safety Prevents increased fuel consumption caused by improper tire pressure Prevents increased wear of tires caused by reduced tire pressure According to the EU Directive, from November 1, 2014, all new vehicles leaving the showrooms of Polish car dealers must be factory equipped with pressure sensors TPMS. Thanks to the ALCAR TPMS Fit device, we are able to program new sensors for your car. In addition, we will repair and program the sensor for a car that is already equipped with it. MECHANICS Lengthening of the braking distance, disturbing sounds coming from the wheels while driving, perceptible vibrations in the steering wheel - these are some basic signals that brake discs or pads may need to be replaced. In our service, this service takes up to several dozen minutes. As a result, comfort and, above all, driving safety are significantly increased. We also repair and replace suspension system elements: shock absorbers, springs, rockers, bearings, bolts etc. AIR CONDITIONING The car air conditioning system loses over time the refrigerant which penetrates and evaporates through flexible hoses and other connections. What's worse, if we leave the car air conditioning system with a low level of refrigerant, there may be more serious problems (corrosion of the system and damage to the compressor) .Our service will diagnose your air conditioning with a modern Clima 9000 Multigas device, which has the functions: recovery and cleaning of the refrigerant, removal and separation oil, removes water and impurities from the system, conducts air-tightness test of the air-conditioning system, introduces UV dye into the system, MOLD-PROCESSING Ultrasonic air-conditioning device MIST. The device works on the principle of producing fog evaporated from a special fluid that removes bacteria from the vehicle's ventilation system. By incorporating the internal circuit, the fog is sucked into the supply air system and, by means of ultrasound emissions, breaks down dust, flares, fungi and all substances harmful to health. Even the vehicle in which tobacco was smoked for many years after the MIST treatment loses all unpleasant smell. The LOVAIR AUTO ozone device for cleaning the ventilation and air conditioning systems of vehicles is a professional high performance ozone generator (100mg / h), which thanks to high power oxidation of ozone kills bacteria, mold, dust and all kinds of unpleasant odors. STORING TIRES If you do not have the conditions to store your tires yourself, we invite you to store them in our warehouse. We offer storage of tires and wheels in suitable conditions, in accordance with the recommendations of tire manufacturers. Benefits of keeping tires in storage: you do not wear your tires 4 times a year, you don't dirty yourself and your car, you are not worried about whether your tires will be stolen from the basement or garage. We'll store your tires properly Your wheels are ready for the next season and thoroughly cleaned HUNTER GSP WHEEL BALANCER BALANCES Hunter GSP9700 Road wheel vibrations are generally caused by: static unbalance and dynamic unbalance wheels. To avoid wheel vibrations caused by incorrect balancing, and in fact caused by a faulty rim or an invisible tire defect, HUNTER equipped the GSP 9700 balancer with so-called road test. Regardless of wheel balancing, it allows you to check if other causes are not caused by wheel vibrations transmitted to the vehicle suspension. To reduce wheel vibrations, the HUNTER GSP9700 balancer uses a special roller with a diameter of 152.4 mm and the "Road Test" function for to assess the change in radial force value. This roller provides the fastest and most accurate measurement of the runout due to contact with the entire tread width. GEOMETRY Hunter WA430 HE421 Elite is the latest and also the most advanced model in the series of devices for 3D geometry. It works on the basis of WinAlign software, which, like the lower version WA430HS221, contains a number of patented regulation and measuring functions. The biggest advantage of this device is the speed and precision of measurement obtained thanks to the use of four top-class CMOS cameras and new heads of the Elite series. Contact us ! Marshall ul. Mieszko I 32 Radom Mon - Fri: 8:00 - 18:00 Saturday: 8:00 - 15:00 + 48 48 303 19 61 +48 48 384 77 55 +48 502 039 637opony.marshall@gmail.com © 2018 MARSHALL Tomasz Marshal Privacy Policy Implementation Fachowcy.pl Ventures S.A.