Radom - strength in precision - PL service - Home Home | RSS | For the visually impaired Contact Cookies Font: A- | A0 A + Pl | En Ru Radom - strength in precision About the city Basic data History Famous people Foreign cooperation City authorities Mayor City Presidential Council City Council in Radom Parliamentarians Euro MPs Senators of the Republic of Poland MPs Strategic documents Strategy of City Development Strategy Brand Radom Multi-year Investment Program Institutions Diocese of Radom Mazowieckie Voivodship Poviat Office in Radom Download Coat of arms Logotype Publications For residents Social issues Health Social assistance Environment Culture News Calendar of events Report event to the Calendar of Events Education News Information Integrated education management system Society Social communication Civic budget Revitalization - we revive downtown Sport News Calendar of events Sports and recreational facilities Communication News Timetables Traffic jams For tourists For children For investors EU funds and projects Najwa other investments Investment Guide Urban investments financed and co-financed from external funds Safe Workplaces Invest In Radom Real estate management November 2013 December 2013 January 2014 Local government City council Personal office Roster Upcoming meeting City authorities Mayor City of the Presidential Council Presidential Office City Office Contact details Departments, offices Announcements and announcements What's new on the site? Wednesday, 13 May 2020 Name days: Serwacy, Robert, Dominik Four road investments in the southwestern part of the city Four road investments are ongoing in the southwestern part of Radom. The works are carried out on Szydłowiecka, Kierzkowska, Radostowska and on the boulevards on Mleczna. There will be changes in sports scholarships The city's expenditure on sports scholarships will decrease by almost PLN 3.5 million. The draft of the new scholarship resolution was approved by the Sports Council. New ticket vending machines will stand at ten stops. The assembly of new ticket vending machines purchased as part of a multimodal project co-financed from EU funds has begun. IN BRIEF Intimate Summer at a different time »A National Tournament is ahead of us» A macbot you haven't seen »On Monday the Team meeting ...» more news »Society Culture Education Economy Tourism Sport Radom is the 14th city in Poland in terms of population. The particular predisposition of radomians, which in short can be called entrepreneurship and inventiveness, constitute the basis for the development of the city as a center of precision technology. Radomian has a healthy approach to work and life. more »Recommended: Health | Social assistance Non-governmental organizations The environment Security | Warnings Radom has always been an important center on the cultural map of Poland. Over the centuries, the city of our city was associated with the figures of many great artists in the field of music, art and literature. Something is always going on in Radom. Events are already organized with tradition, and new initiatives are born. The growing number of creators and recipients of culture, new forms of expression make the city a lively cultural center that radiates to the region and the whole country. It is worth getting acquainted with the cultural face of Radom. more »Recommended: Cyclical events Cultural facilities The patronage of the Mayor of the City of Education is a fundamental condition for the economic and social development of the city of Radom. The city pays special attention to educating young people in technical professions. Technique and precision are what Radom focuses on in achieving its educational and upbringing goals. The promotional slogan "Radom - strength in precision" finds historical justification in education. In the past Radom became a big industry and it was to a large extent a technical and precise industry. more »Recommended: Schools and local government institutions Non-public schools and institutions Higher education Radom belongs to cities with significant economic potential and a high level of education of residents. It lies at the intersection of important communication routes and is increasingly better connected with other economic centers of our country. Significant investments in improving the road or water supply infrastructure, expanding the economic zone or developing new investment areas mean that the city is growing more dynamically and is becoming more economically attractive. more »Recommended: Statistical data | EU funds and projects Investments Business-related institutions Radom is located in the center of the Radom Plain, which is part of the Mazowiecka Lowland at the fork of the Vistula and Pilica. Preserved monuments, the climate of royal and post-industrial Radom, a multitude of cultural and sporting events will make guests not bored with us. Unique in the country is the well-preserved old urban layout from an early medieval stronghold to the nineteenth-century center, which has served its function to this day. more »Recommended: Tourist information | Tourist attractions City guides With a view to the importance of sport for young people and all those passionate about various sports fields, the city's sports base and a wide range of sport and recreation activities are dynamically developed based on the activities of numerous clubs and sports associations. more »Recommended: Sports and recreation facilities Sports and recreation programs Sports cards Radom Calendar of events «January» Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 Upcoming events Multimedia Movies Movies Photos Photos 3D 3D Panoramas Panoramas Match Stars GOCC 2020 - Invitation MEC STAR WOŚP Invite! New Year Greetings 2019 - President of Radom Christmas Greetings - President Radosław Witkowski Anniversary of the Constitution of May 3 Flag Day of the Republic of Poland 13th Kazik RUNNING Kazików Musical Kaziki Radom 3D Market Square. Market. Kazimierzowskie Town Plac Konstytucji 3 Maja Jan Kochanowski Monument, ul. Żeromski search: Media review Radomski WORD resumed operations What a day | 2020-05-11 Students from Radom on RAI 1 Radom 24 | 2020-05-11 System for non-contact temperature measurement in three hospitals of our region Radom 24 | 2020-05-06 Site map Press Office Archive 2011 © Radom Design and implementation: AI Graphics: AG