Your car service - Marshall RadomMENUToggle navigationCALL US about usOfferPrice listContact +48 48 303 19 61Privacy policy and cookies ("Privacy Policy") This Privacy Policy is an expression of care for the rights of people visiting the website and using the services offered through it. It is also the fulfillment of the information obligation arising from art. 13 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46 / EC (General Regulation on the Protection of personal data) (Official Journal EU L119 of 4 May 2016, page 1) (hereinafter GDPR). The website owner attaches particular importance to respecting the privacy of website users. Data obtained as part of the website is particularly protected and secured against access by unauthorized persons. The privacy policy is made available to all interested entities. The website is open. The website owner ensures that its primary purpose is to provide people using the website with privacy protection at a level that meets at least the requirements of applicable law, in particular the provisions of the GDPR and the Act of 18 July 2002 on the provision of services electronically. The website owner may collect personal data and data of a different nature. The collection of this data takes place, depending on their nature - automatically or as a result of the actions of website visitors. Any person using the website in any way accepts all the rules contained in this Privacy Policy. The website owner reserves the right to make changes to this document. General information, cookies The owner and operator of the website is MARSHALL Tomasz Marszałek with its registered office in Radom, address: Mieszka I 32, 26-600 Radom, entered in the Register of Entrepreneurs of the National Court Register maintained by the Court District, Economic Department of the National Court Register, under the National Court Register number:, NIP number: 7961914727, REGON number: 360932897. In accordance with the provisions of the GDPR, the website owner is also the Administrator of Personal Data of website users ("Administrator"). As part of the activities performed, the Administrator uses files cookies in such a way that it observes and analyzes website traffic, as well as undertakes remarketing activities, however, as part of these activities, the Administrator does not process personal data within the meaning of the GDPR. The website performs the functions of obtaining information about website users and their behavior in the following way: automatically collects information that is contained in cookies. by data voluntarily entered by website users, in forms available on the website. by automatically collecting web server logs by the hosting operator. Cookies (so-called "Cookies") are IT data, in particular text files, which are stored on the website user's end device and are intended for using the website's pages. Cookies usually contain the name of the website from which they originate, their storage time on the terminal device and a unique number. During a visit to the website, website users' data may be automatically collected regarding the user's visit to the website and including, among others IP address, type of web browser, domain name, number of page views, type of operating system, visits, screen resolution, number of screen colors, addresses of websites from which the website was accessed, time of using the website. These data are not personal data, nor do they allow identifying a person using the website. There may be links to other websites as part of the website. The website owner is not responsible for the privacy practices of those websites. At the same time, the website owner encourages the user to read the privacy policy established on these websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to other websites. The entity placing cookies on the user's end device and accessing them is the website owner. Cookies are used to: adapt the content of website pages to the user's preferences and optimize the use of websites websites; in particular, these files allow to recognize the website user's device and properly display the website, tailored to their individual needs, create statistics that help to understand how website users use websites, which allows improving their structure and content, maintaining the website user's session (after logging in) so that he does not have to re-enter the login and password on each page of the site. The site uses the following types of cookies: "necessary" cookies, enabling the use of services available on the site, e.g. authentication cookies , cookies used to ensure security, e.g. used to detect fraud, "performance" cookies, used to obtain information on how the website pages are used by website users, "advertising" cookies, allow providing website users with advertising content more tailored to their interests, "functional" cookies, enabling "remembering" the settings selected by the website user and adapting the website to the website user, e.g. in terms of the selected language. The website uses two basic types of files cookies: "session" and "persistent" cookies. Session cookies are temporary files stored in the terminal device until leaving the website, logging out by the website user or turning off the software (web browser). Persistent cookies are stored on the website user's end device for the time specified in the cookie file parameters or until they are deleted by the website user. In most cases, the software used for browsing websites by default allows cookies to be stored on the end device. website user. Website users can change their cookie settings at any time they choose. These settings can be changed in the options of the web browser (software), among others, in a way that prevents the automatic handling of cookies or forces the user to be notified of each time cookies are placed on his device. Detailed information about the possibilities and ways of handling cookies are available in your web browser settings. Restrictions on the use of cookies may affect some of the functionalities available on the website. Cookies placed on the website user's end device may also be used by advertisers cooperating with the website owner and Processing of personal data, information about forms Personal data of website users may be processed by the Administrator: if the website user agrees to this in the forms placed on the website in order to take the actions to which these forms relate (Article 6 paragraph 1 point and GDPR), processing is necessary for the performance of the contract to which the website user is a party (Article 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR), if the website allows the conclusion of a contract between the Administrator and the server user isu. The website processes personal data that is only voluntarily provided by website users. The administrator processes the personal data of website users only to the extent necessary for the purposes set out in point 1 lit. a and b above and for the period necessary to achieve these purposes, or until the user withdraws his consent. Failure to provide data by the website user may in some situations result in the inability to achieve the purposes for which the data is necessary. As part of the forms provided on the website or in order to perform contracts that can be concluded on the website, the following personal data of the website user may be collected: name, name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, login, password. The data contained in the forms, provided to the Administrator by the website user, may be transferred by the Administrator to third parties cooperating with the Administrator in connection with the implementation of the purposes set out in point 1 lit. a and b above. The data provided in the forms posted on the website are processed for purposes resulting from the function of a specific form, in addition, they may also be used by the Administrator for archival and statistical purposes. The consent of the data subject is expressed by unchecking the appropriate window in the form. The website user, if the website has such functionalities, by selecting the appropriate window in the registration form, may refuse or consent to receive commercial information by means of electronic communication, in accordance with the Act of 18 July 2002 on the provision of electronic services (Journal of Laws of 2002, No. 144, item 1024, as amended). If the website user has agreed to receive commercial information by electronic means of communication, he has the right to withdraw such consent at any time. The right to withdraw consent to receive commercial information is implemented by sending an e-mail to the address of the website owner of the relevant request together with the name and surname of the website user. The data provided in the forms may be forwarded to entities technically performing some services - in particular, it concerns the provision of information about registered domain holder to entities that are operators of the Internet domain (in particular Scientific and Academic Computer Network jbr - NASK), payment services or other entities with which the Administrator cooperates in this respect. Personal data of website users is stored in a database in which technical and organizational measures were applied to ensure the protection of processed data in accordance with the requirements set out in relevant regulations. To prevent re-registration of persons whose participation in the website has been terminated due to the unauthorized use of the website's services, the Administrator may refuse to delete personal data necessary to block the possibility of re-registration. The legal basis for refusal is Art. 19 paragraph 2 point 3 in connection with art. 21 paragraph 1 of the Act of July 18, 2002 on the provision of electronic services (vol. From October 15, 2013, Journal of Laws of 2013, item 1422). The Administrator may refuse to delete personal data of website users in other cases provided for by law. In cases provided for by law, the Administrator may share some of the website users' personal data with third parties for purposes related to the protection of the rights of third parties. The administrator reserves the right to send all website users e-mails with notifications about important changes on the website and about changes in this Privacy Policy. The administrator may send electronic letters of a commercial nature, in particular advertisements and other commercial information content, provided that the website user has agreed to it. Advertisements and other commercial information may also be attached to incoming and outgoing letters from the system account. Website users' rights regarding their personal data. According to art. 15 - 22 GDPR, every user of the website has the following rights: The right to access data (art. 15 GDPR) The data subject is entitled to obtain from the Administrator confirmation whether personal data concerning him are being processed, and if this is the case entitled to access them. In accordance with art. 15 The Administrator will provide the data subject with a copy of the personal data being processed.Right to rectify the data (Article 16 of the GDPR) The data subject has the right to request the Administrator to immediately rectify his personal data that is incorrect. data ("the right to be forgotten") (art. 17 GDPR) The data subject has the right to request the Administrator to immediately delete personal data concerning him, and the Administrator is obliged to delete personal data without undue delay if one of the following circumstances occurs : personal data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; the data subject has withdrawn the consent on which the data subject's processing is based, raises an objection pursuant to Art. 21 paragraph 1 to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for processing Right to restrict processing (art. 18 GDPR) The data subject has the right to request the Administrator to limit the processing in the following cases: When the data is incorrect - in time for their improvement, the person whose data concern, raised an objection pursuant to art. 21 paragraph 1 to the processing - until it is determined whether legally justified grounds on the part of the Administrator prevail over the grounds of objection of the data subject. The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the deletion of personal data, demanding instead limiting their wykorzystywania.5. The right to data portability (Article 20 GDPR) The data subject has the right to receive in the structured, commonly used machine-readable format personal data concerning him which he has provided to the Administrator, and has the right to send this personal data to another administrator without hindrance. on the part of the Administrator to whom this personal data was provided. The data subject has the right to request that personal data be sent by the Administrator directly to another administrator, if it is technically possible. The law referred to in this point may not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. 6. Right to object (Article 21 GDPR) If personal data is processed for the purposes of direct marketing, the data subject has the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning him for the purposes of such marketing, including profiling, in to the extent to which processing is related to such direct marketing. The implementation of the above rights of website users may be for a fee in cases where the relevant provisions of law provide for it. If the above rights are violated or the website user finds that his personal data is being processed by the Administrator inconsistently with the applicable law, the website user has the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority. Server logs In accordance with the accepted practice of most websites, the website operator stores http queries directed to the website operator's server (information on certain behaviors użytkowników website users are logged in the server layer). The viewed resources are identified by URL addresses. The exact list of information stored in the web server log files is as follows: public IP address of the computer from which the request came, name of the client station - identification carried out by the http protocol if possible, name of the website user provided in the authorization (login) process, time of arrival , http response code, the number of bytes sent by the server, URL address of the page previously visited by the website user (referrer link) - if the website was accessed via a link, information about the website user's web browser, information about errors that occurred during the transaction http.The above data is not associated with specific people browsing the pages available on the website. In order to ensure the highest quality of the website, the website operator occasionally analyzes log files to determine which pages are most frequently visited within the website, which web browsers are used, whether the structure of the pages does not contain errors, etc. The logs collected by the operator are stored by indefinite period as an auxiliary material for the proper administration of the website. The information contained therein will not be disclosed to any entities other than the operator or entities associated with the operator in person, by capital or by contract. Based on the information contained in these files, statistics can be generated to help administer the site. Summaries containing such statistics do not contain features that identify website visitors. © 2018 MARSHALL Tomasz Marszałek | Privacy Policy Implementation Fachowcy.pl Ventures S.A.