Data protection - power tools garden tools - Werner Bock in Sachsenhagen • garden tools • power tools • metal technology • competent advice • quality at a fair price • repair u. Maintenance of many brands • well-stocked spare parts store garden tools motor tools metal technology competent advice Maintenance of many brands of sorted spare parts stores Homepage Manufacturer Sabo Dolmar Stiga Echo Tielbürger Kränzle Offers Directions Imprint The website operator takes your data protection very seriously and treats your personal data confidentially and in accordance with legal regulations. Since new technologies and the constant further development of this website can make changes to this data protection declaration, we recommend that you read the data protection declaration again at regular intervals. Definitions of the terms used (e.g. "personal data" or "processing") can be found in Art. 4 GDPR.Access dataWe, the website operator or website provider, collect data about access to the website based on our legitimate interest (see Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.f GDPR) and save it as "server log files" on the server of the Website. The following data is logged: - Visited website- Time at the time of access- Amount of data sent in byte- Source / reference from which you came to the page- Used browser- Used operating system- Used IP address The server log files are used for stored for a maximum of 7 days and then deleted. The data is stored for security reasons, e.g. B. Abuse cases. If data have to be saved for reasons of evidence, they are excluded from deletion until the incident has been finally clarified can be used. Without your consent, this data will not be passed on to third parties. Google Maps This website uses the Google Maps product from Google Inc. By using this website, you declare your consent to the collection, processing and use of the automatically collected data by Google Inc, its representatives and third parties I Agree. The terms of use of Google Maps can be found at “https://www.google.com/intl/de_de/help/terms_maps.html”. Rights of the user As a user, you have the right to request free information about which personal data Data about you has been stored. You also have the right to correct incorrect data and to restrict the processing or deletion of your personal data. If applicable, you can also exercise your right to data portability. If you assume that your data has been processed unlawfully, you can lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. Deletion of data If your request does not conflict with a legal obligation to store data (e.g. data retention), you have the right to have it deleted Of your data. Data stored by us will be deleted if they are no longer required for their intended purpose and there are no statutory retention periods. If deletion cannot be carried out because the data is required for permitted legal purposes, data processing is restricted. In this case, the data will be blocked and not processed for other purposes. Right to object Users of this website can exercise their right to object and object to the processing of their personal data at any time. If you would like a correction, blocking, deletion or information about the personal data stored about you, or if you have questions regarding the collection, processing or use of your personal data or if you want to revoke your consent, please contact the following e-mail address : info@bock-motorgeraete.deDatenschutz.org Opening times: Mon. 09.00 a.m. - 12.00 p.m. and 2.00 p.m. - 5.00 p.m. 09.00 - 12.00 and 14.00 - 17.00 Wed by arrangement 09.00 a.m. - 12.00 p.m. and 2.00 p.m. - 5.00 p.m. 09.00 - 12.00 and 14.00 - 17.00 Sat by arrangement Werner BockIm Ohr 631553 Sachsenhagen Tel .: 05725/338 In the program: lawnmowers, chainsaws, hedge trimmers, leaf blowers, brush cutters, shredders, cordless tools ... Stadthagen 10 km - Wunstorf 9 km - Steinhude 8 km - Bad Nenndorf 11 km - Rehburg 8 km - Bückeburg 25 km- Lindhorst 4 km - Hagenburg 7 km data protection