SKRZYPA SERVICES: VOLVO TRUCK & RENAULT TRUCKS SERVICES JÓZEF SKRZYPA AUTHORIZED SERVICES Szczecin - Słubice - Sycewice - Zielona Góra DEALER OF THE YEAR VOLVO TRUCKS 2007, 2009, 2011 HOME COMPANY OFFER ROAD EMPLOYMENT PROMOTIONS PROMOTIONS CONSTRUCTIONS LINK Services Department Józef Skrzypa Spółka z oo Spółka Komandytowa has become a Dual Brand website. As of this day, as an authorized service center O / Szczecin can provide service for Volvo Truck and Renault Truck vehicles. As of September 1, 2014, the next step in the development of Dual Brand services is the extension of the agreement to authorize Renault Truck with branches in Sycewice and Torzym. Services Józef Skrzypa Spółka z o.o. Spółka Komandytowa is a company operating in the city of Szczecin since 1986. With the passage of time, we expanded the area of ​​operation initially to the vicinity of Szczecin and now practically to the entire West Pomeranian Voivodeship. And since 2009 also in the Lubuskie Province. We are also prepared to provide assistance to vehicles that due to a breakdown cannot reach the service. We have a well-equipped Technical Emergency Service available 24 hours a day. And in "random" cases, we are able to support our clients by transporting their inefficient vehicle on a low-loader semi-trailer, both at home and abroad. At Volvo, we employ specialists with extensive professional experience, with the highest degrees of specialization, who are winners of Volvo Truck Corporation competitions, as needed, resulting from the introduction of new products, trained at the Volvo Service School. Our reputation is evidenced by the fact that our services are constantly used by many companies, and drivers who are with us for the first time gladly arrange for the next repair / service. Over the years, built-up customer confidence pays off by the fact that companies use our services by handing over their entire Volvo fleet to us. We provide not only the professionalism of our specialists and speed of service, but we try to create a pleasant atmosphere so that our direct client - the driver - feels at home and gladly entrusts us with his work tool - a Volvo truck. Such an atmosphere relieves stress associated with a sudden breakdown on the road and contributes to improving the well-being of the driver. We have repair stations that can accommodate twelve tractor units at a time. Our service is equipped with special Volvo tools, enabling repairs in accordance with the technology foreseen by the Volvo truck manufacturer. We have the most modern computer diagnostic equipment, necessary when repairing new Volvo trucks. It allows to shorten the diagnostics time, thanks to which we limit the time necessary to remove the vehicle fault. In addition to current and planned repairs of vehicles, we also carry out post-accident repairs. Starting from minor repairs involving the replacement of damaged elements to complicated repairs involving the replacement of e.g. cabin walls, straightening the frame, etc., we try to make the customer pick up a car in which it is difficult to identify repaired elements. We are also prepared to provide assistance to vehicles that due to a breakdown cannot reach the service. We have a well-equipped Technical Emergency Service available 24 hours a day. During the service / inspection of the vehicle, our mechanics and electricians are not limited to just oil and filter changes, but they eliminate any wear / damage that may cause unexpected failures in the near future. After servicing you will receive a list of faults with a repair cost estimate. At the turn of 2007 and 2008, we were able to intensively expand our service with additional work stations, warehouse, office and component regeneration station, etc. We would also like to mention that in the newly built complex you will find the District Vehicle Control Station, thanks to which you will shorten downtime of your truck to the necessary minimum. Our work has been recognized and awarded the title of VOLVO TRUCK DEALER OF THE YEAR 2007 Unfortunately, the beginning of 2008 is due to the great economic change that has taken place in our country, it is also a great change in our company. Reorganizing work, searching for new solutions and new clients. Groundbreaking changes took place in May, when pursuant to an agreement with Volvo Truck Polska Sp. z o.o., we took over the activity of the Volvo Truck Center Service in Szczecin. Under the agreement, highly qualified mechanics and service administration were taken over. In line with Volvo's policy, all factory service customers have been informed of the changes and the question is whether they want to use our service or not. This consolidation forced our organization to carry out further major changes. The closing of 2008 also brought many surprises. One big surprise was the signing of another agreement with Volvo Truck Polska Sp. z o.o. on the subject of taking over service activities at the Torzym location. The beginning of our bravery in Torzym is January 1, 2009. Unfortunately, the great changes of 2008 did not help us to continue the good run regarding the Dealer of the Year title. For 2008 we took second place losing only by 3 points. with the VTC service from Opole. 2009 is the year of "working at the foundations", but we can congratulate Mr. Józef Skrzypa and the management team composed of Tomasz Piekoszewski, Radosław Zawiliński, Jacek Wardak, Edyta Kijo, Tomasz Nowakowski and Grzegorz Piekoszewski for the success of the title DEALER OF THE YEAR 2009 for the service in Szczecin. In 2010, the website in Torzym obtains the ISO 9001 certificate. The years 2011 - 2012 are the years of expansion of operations with branches - in Sycewice (July 2011) and in Nowa Sól (February 2012). Subsequent chapters in the history of Serwisy Józef Skrzypa is reliable work on maintaining a good brand and ISO certification in 2013 at Sycewice and Nowa Sól branches. In September 2014 in connection with the establishment of the Volvo Group, the branches of Szczecin, Torzym and Sycewice receive authorization from Renault and starting from this date, Services Józef Skrzypa Limited Liability Company Spółka komandytowa continues its activities as dual brand services - authorized services of trucks Volvo and Renault. The following years bring new investments and difficult but necessary changes. In November 2014, the Management Board decided to expand its operations by another dual brand point - a branch in Zielona Góra, then to transfer business from Torzym to a facility in Słubice purchased and adapted to service needs, and finally in January 2016. about the termination of activities in Nowa Sól. Same from 01/02/2016. Józef Skrzypa websites have four dual brand websites located in Szczecin, Słubice, Sycewice and Zielona Góra. Z A P R A S Z A M Y © Copyright 2015 Z.H.U. Józef Skrzypa design and implementation of Telvinet-Szczecin