SKRZYPA SERVICES: VOLVO TRUCK & RENAULT TRUCKS SERVICES JÓZEF SKRZYPA AUTHORIZED SERVICES Szczecin - Słubice - Sycewice - Zielona Góra DEALER OF THE YEAR VOLVO TRUCKS 2007, 2009, 2011 HOME COMPANY OFFER ROAD OFFERS PROMOTIONS PROMOTIONS OFFERS CERTIFICATES OFFERS contract and post-warranty Volvo and Renault Truck trucks current repairs of Volvo and Renault Truck trucks and Volvo buses repairs of engines, main transmissions and gearboxes mounted on trucks and buses Volvo and Renault Truck accident repair of Volvo trucks computer diagnostics of Volvo engines and Renault Truck filling and assembly of central lubrication systems filling of air conditioning systems of Volvo and Renault Truck vehicles preparation of vehicles to the requirements of ecological standards issuing ecological certificates technical ambulance trips to breakdown on the road 24h / day ę (emergency call: 695-195-010) sale of original parts and accessories for Volvo and Renault Truck for trucks and buses Installation of the full range of high-class accessories for Volvo and Renault Trucks Towing trucks in the country and from abroad Damaged vehicle transport (both accident as well as technically inoperable) in the country and abroad. The full range of services provided by the Regional Vehicle Control Station / Szczecin. VEHICLE CONTROL STATION / Szczecin / We carry out technical inspections of: Buses, Motorbikes, Vehicles intended for dangerous transport, Vehicles registered for the first time abroad, Vehicles adapted for gas supply, Historic vehicles, Vehicles in which structural changes were made, Vehicles in which elements resulting in the change of data in the registration certificate were replaced, Vehicles directed for technical examination by the road traffic control authority or staroste, A vehicle imported from abroad and bearing traces of damage or whose technical condition indicates a violation of the load-bearing elements of the structure, The vehicle for which technical requirements were specified in the provisions of the Act of 11 March 2004 on tax on goods and services. District Vehicle Control Station ZS-40 in Szczecin at ul. Pomorska 48a is open from: Monday to Friday: 07: 30-20: 00, Saturday: 08: 00-14: 00 Telephone duty diagnostics / appointments: 665 440 440 CERTIFICATES AND CERTIFICATES Certificates We also issue the necessary to carry out a technical inspection of the vehicle "Certificates of equipping the vehicle with a speed limiter" Ecological certificates Due to frequent questions and misunderstandings regarding the validity of certificates, we provide some basic information about the conditions for their receipt. EURO 1 CERTIFICATE issued for vehicles meeting the EURO1 exhaust standard. The document is valid indefinitely. EURO 2 CERTIFICATE issued for vehicles meeting the EURO2 exhaust standard. The document is valid indefinitely. EURO 3 CERTIFICATE issued for vehicles meeting the EURO3 exhaust standard. The document is valid indefinitely. EURO 4 CERTIFICATE issued for vehicles meeting the EURO4 exhaust standard. The document is valid indefinitely. EURO 5 CERTIFICATE issued for vehicles meeting the EURO5 exhaust standard. The document is valid indefinitely. The "L" CERTIFICATE indicates that the vehicle meets Austrian requirements regarding noise levels. issued after vehicle inspection consisting in checking the presence of the required sound absorbing covers as well as the technical condition of the vehicle exhaust and intake system. is valid for two years from the date of issue. After this time, after checking the vehicle, it is possible to extend it for another two years. Z A P R A S Z A M Y © Copyright 2015 Z.H.U. Józef Skrzypa design and implementation of Telvinet-Szczecin