Auto workshop Kiel-Hassee | JeWo GmbH KFZ-Reparatur + Lackierung JeWo GmbH KFZ-Reparatur + Lackierung 0431-680490 WelcomeWorkshopServicesAxis measurementVehicle diagnosticsInspectionBody workAir conditioning servicePaintingTire serviceContact & directions Your car workshop in Kiel-Hassee ⚠️ Information about the current situation ⚠️Dear to you and us, you are, for us, you are, and we are, the Corona customer Nevertheless, we have of course taken our precautions and comply with all recommended hygiene regulations and preventive measures. We offer you the opportunity to hand over your vehicle to us without contact. Give us a call and we will arrange a risk-free handover of your vehicle for everyone involved! Your team from JeWo GmbH KFZ-Reparatur + Lackierung JMP Battery Monitor 2.0. For motorcyclists and motorists, there is hardly anything more annoying than a striking battery. With the JMP This monitor is part of the battery monitor's spring cleaning for the car. Despite the very mild winter, winter services have sprinkled road salt again. Road salt is particularly aggressive and promotes rust formation on… Read more Reduce the loss of value with the inspection The maintenance intervals for new vehicles are significantly longer than in the past. Improved components lead drivers to believe that breakdowns on the freeway. Damage on the freeway can happen quickly. The tire breaks, the electronics fail or another part gives up its spirit. Panic convertible roof maintenance. This is how convertible soft tops are exposed to strong sunlight and weather in summer. If the roof is to last a long time and look good, it has to… Continue reading What to do if the AdBlue lamp lights up? At the end of the 1000 km… Read more ... The spring season begins. But the beautiful bicycle route is not always on the doorstep ... Read more Motor vehicle workshop. In the service of health. Allergy sufferers with sneezing attacks. Every sneeze is dangerous. It started with the hazel bush in January and with the ambrosia in October… Read more Contact JeWo GmbH KFZ-Reparatur + Lackierung Address Speckenbeker Weg 16624113 Kiel-Hassee Telephone 0431-680490 0431-680490 Fax 0431-684454 E-Mail info (at) jewo-kfz.de Opening times Mon-Thu: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm Fri: 8:00 am - 4:00 pm Main inspection Monday to Thursday by appointment HU reminder We will be happy to remind you of your next appointment for the main inspection. Please enter your registration number and your email address. You will then automatically receive a reminder email for your HU appointment. Features: E-mail: HU appointment Please note our data protection declaration Contact | Imprint | Data protection © 2020 - JeWo GmbH KFZ-Reparatur + Lackierung All rights reserved