KFZ-Service Nehm in Pulheim, car repairs of all kinds, HU / AU, tire service - data protection Open / close navigation Car service Cooperation partnerServices Replacement carsRental bikeTire and winter serviceOur companyTeamContactPrivacy informationImprint Images Car serviceData protectionImportant data privacy statement We would like this company Inform you about the type, scope and purpose of the processing of personal data on our website. Personal data are all data that have a personal relationship with you, e.g. B. Name, address, email address or user behavior. Who is responsible for data processing with us Responsible for data processing: KFZ-Service Nehm Ilona Nehm Donatusstr. 157c 50259 Pulheim, Germany +49 2234 801414 info@kfz-service-nehm.de https://www.kfz-service-nehm.de/impressum/ Processing of your data in the context of the core activity of our company We process your personal data transferred to us Data within the framework of the contractual and pre-contractual relationships that exist between us. The scope, type, purpose and necessity of processing depends on the underlying contractual relationship. For this we save and process your data in the computer systems we use. The data processed by us includes all the data that you have provided for the purpose of using the contractual or pre-contractual services and are required to process your request or the contract between us. This can include the following data in particular: Name and address E-mail address and telephone number Contract data Payment data. Processing is limited to those data that are necessary and expedient to answer inquiries and / or to fulfill a contract between you and us. The personal data will only be passed on to third parties if this is necessary for the purpose of rendering the service or as part of the organization of our company for the handling of financial accounting and compliance with legal obligations. In this case, only those data will be transferred to external service providers that are necessary and appropriate for the fulfillment of the contract or for the execution of the financial accounting as well as the compliance with legal obligations. The processing by us takes place according to your instructions or the legal regulations. Legal basis: The processing of your personal data and the transfer to third parties is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b) GDPR and serves to fulfill the contract between you and us. Otherwise, we only pass on data to third parties if there is a legal obligation to do so, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c) GDPR or if there is a legitimate interest in this, Art. 6 para. 1 lit f. GDPR. This is the case, for example, if this is necessary to pursue our claims. Deletion: Your data will be deleted as soon as the data is no longer required to fulfill contractual or statutory care obligations and to deal with any warranty and comparable obligations. This does not affect the statutory retention requirements. Web hosting We use an Internet service provider to maintain our online presence, on whose server the website is saved (hosting) and who makes our website available on the Internet. The Internet service provider processes contact data, content data, contract data, usage data, inventory data as well as meta and communication data on our behalf. Name and address of the internet service provider: 1 & 1 IONOS SE Elgendorfer Str. 57, 56410 Montabaur, Germany You can view the data protection regulations here: https://www.ionos.de/terms-gtc/terms-privacy Legal basis: The Internet Service provider processes the aforementioned data on our behalf, Art. 28 GDPR. Data processing takes place on the basis of our legitimate interest in the efficient and secure provision of our website, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. If you only use our website for information purposes, our internet service provider will only collect the personal data that the browser you are using transmits to its server. These are the following data: IP address, the date and time of access to our website, time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) access status (HTTP status), the amount of data transferred from the Internet service provider of the accessing system, the browser type you are using and whose version the operating system you are using the website from which you may have reached our website are the pages or sub-pages that you visit on our website. The aforementioned data are saved as log files on the servers of our internet service provider. This is necessary in order to be able to display the website on the device you are using and to ensure stability and security. Our legitimate interest in data processing lies in the above purposes. Legal basis: Data processing is based on our legitimate interest in the efficient and secure provision of our website, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Duration: The above data for the provision of our website are stored for a period of 7 days and then deleted. Information on the contact options we have provided, as far as you contact us via e-mail, social media, telephone, fax, post, our contact form or otherwise and provide us with personal data such as your name, your telephone number or your e-mail address or provide further information about your person or your concern, this data will be stored and processed in our house for processing your request. Legal basis: If you have made your request using our contact form, the legal basis for the processing of your data is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR. If you make your request in the context of contractual or pre-contractual relationships with us, the legal basis for the processing of your data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b. GDPR. If your request does not fall into one of the above categories, our legitimate interest in processing your data is to answer your request properly and in your spirit, Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Deletion: The personal data we collect will be deleted if it is no longer required. We check the necessity every 2 years. You can also revoke the data processing at any time. Dealing with your data in the application process If you apply to us, we process the personal data you have provided to us in the application process. If you send the data by email or via a contact form on our online presence, processing is carried out electronically. If an employment contract is concluded after the application process, we save your data for the purpose of processing the employment relationship in compliance with the statutory provisions. Purpose: The purpose is to process the application process. Legal basis: The legal basis for processing your data for the above-mentioned purpose is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR. Deletion: If an employment contract is not concluded, your data will be deleted after the application process has been completed or at the latest 2 months after it has been concluded. This does not apply if statutory provisions prevent deletion or the further storage of your data is necessary for the purpose of providing evidence, for example in a procedure under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG). The application process is deemed to have been completed when the cancellation is sent to you. Prevention: You also have the right to withdraw your application or request that your personal data be deleted at any time. Your rights under the GDPR According to the GDPR, you are entitled to the rights listed below, which you can assert at any time from the person named in section 1 of this data protection declaration: Right to information: You can request confirmation according to Art. 15 GDPR whether and what personal data we process about you. In addition, you can get free information from us about the processing purposes, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been or will be disclosed, the planned storage period, the existence of a right to correction, deletion, restriction of processing or opposition , the existence of a right to lodge a complaint and the origin of your data, unless it was collected from us. You also have a right to information as to whether your personal data has been transferred to a third country or to an international organization. If this is the case, you have the right to receive information about the appropriate guarantees in connection with the transmission. Right to correction: According to Art. 16 GDPR, you can request the correction of inaccurate or incomplete personal data stored by us and concerning you. Right to deletion: According to Art. 17 GDPR, you have the right to request the deletion of your personal data stored by us, insofar as we do not need their processing for the following purposes: to fulfill a legal obligation, to assert, exercise or defend legal claims , to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information or for reasons of the public interest mentioned in Art. 17 Para. 3 lit c and d GDPR. Right to restriction: According to Art. 18 GDPR, you have the right to request the processing of your personal data to be restricted if the accuracy of the data is disputed by you, and for a period that enables us to ensure the accuracy of the personal data to check that the processing of your data is unlawful, but you refuse to delete it and instead request that the use of the data be restricted, we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of processing, but you need the data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims you need to object to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR, but it is not yet certain whether the legitimate reasons that entitled us to further processing despite your objection outweigh your rights. Right to information: If you have asserted the right to correction, deletion or restriction of processing against us, we are obliged to all recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been disclosed, the correction or deletion of the data requested by you or their data Notify restriction of processing, unless this proves to be impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. You have the right to be informed by us about these recipients. Right to data portability: According to Art. 20 GDPR, you can request that we receive the personal data relating to you that you have provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format or that we request transmission to another person responsible. Right to lodge a complaint: According to Art. 77 GDPR, you have the right to complain to a supervisory authority. For this you can contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence, your place of work or our company headquarters. Right of withdrawal In accordance with Art. 7 Para. 3 GDPR, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your data at any time. The revocation you have made does not change the legality of the processing of your personal data prior to the revocation. Right to object You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time, for reasons that arise from your particular situation, based on a weighing of interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR). This is particularly the case if data processing is not required to fulfill a contract. If you exercise your right to object, we ask you to explain the reasons. We will then no longer process your personal data unless we can prove to you that compelling legitimate reasons for data processing outweigh your interests and rights. Irrespective of the above, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data for advertising and data analysis purposes at any time. Please direct your objection to the contact person of the person responsible given above. Google Maps We use components from "Google Maps", a service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (hereinafter referred to as: "Google") on our website. Google Maps visually displays geographic information. The visitor's IP address is collected and processed by Google. This is transmitted to Google regardless of whether Google Maps is actually used or you are logged into your Google Account. Your IP address will be assigned to your Google account if you are logged in to it when you visit our website. This data is transmitted to external Google servers in the USA. Google is a participant in the Privacy Shield Agreement and certified for data processing according to European standards. Google may pass on this data collected via the technical process to third parties. Purpose: The integration of Google Maps serves the simplified visualization and navigation during a visit to our location. Google processes data for the purposes of advertising, market research, the design of the website and the provision of needs-based advertising. Legal basis: We use Google Maps based on our legitimate interest in optimizing and designing our online offer, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Prevention: You can prevent the assignment of the data by not using Google Maps on our website and logging out of your Google account before your visit. You can also deactivate JavaScript in your browser to prevent map display. We also refer to Google's data protection regulations at the following link http://www.google.com/intl/de_de/help/terms_maps.html Information on third-party providers: Registered office within the EU: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001. Terms of use: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html Overview of data protection: http://www.google.com /intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.html Data protection declaration: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy Data usage by Google when using our partners' websites or apps: https: // www. google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/partners Data use for advertising purposes: http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads Personalized advertising by Google: http://www.google.de/settings/ads Google has submitted to the Privacy Shield Agreement between the European Union and the USA and has been certified. As a result, Google is committed to complying with the standards and regulations of European data protection law. You can find more information in the following linked entry: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active. Security measures We also take state-of-the-art technical and organizational security measures to comply with data protection law regulations and to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or complete loss, destruction or against unauthorized access by third parties. Up-to-dateness and modification of this data protection declaration This data protection declaration is currently valid and has the status as of March 2020. Due to changes in legal or official requirements, it may be necessary to adapt this data protection declaration. This data protection declaration was created with the help of SOS Law. The data protection declaration generator can be found here. SOS Law is an offer of the Mueller.legal lawyers partnership based in Berlin. VEHICLE SERVICE NEHM Donatusstr. 157c 50259 Pulheim Arrange your workshop appointment: +49 2234 801414 + 49 2234 801414 or use our contact form. Opening times Mon.-Thurs. 7 a.m. - 6 p.m. Friday 7 a.m. - 5 p.m. lunch break from 1 p.m. - 1.30 p.m. replacement vehicle from KFZ Nehm, Pulheim rental bike from KFZ Service Nehm, Pulheim TAXI TIP driving school TIP print version | Sitemap Recommend this page © 2020 KFZ-SERVICE NEHM Stand: 28.4.2020 / jd - Website support JD-Consulting GmbH Login Web viewMobile view Logout | Edit page Call E-Mail Directions