We are DEKRA-Authorized! | The glass chain in Mönsterås Tel. 0499-105 90 Toggle navigation Replacement of car glass Stone shot Guarantees FIND US ABOUT US ABOUT US Customers DEKRA - Authorized Injury Report Corona Situation Glassmasters> Search for: WITH REGARD TO THE CORONA VIRUS - How to do this in the Glass chain We have HOSTSKYDD authorized! All partners in the Glass Chain are authorized by the Glass Industry Association. This means that they have the highest competence to carry out glass replacements and glass repairs on all cars, buses and trucks. Car glass in today's vehicles is becoming increasingly complex and ever larger. Requirements for extreme design, safety and features such as antennas, sensors, alarms, sunscreen, displays and more give car glass both greater value and the vehicle increased safety, comfort and aids. Replacing a car window with curing time for the car glass adhesive takes about a day and in case of damage, the glass insurance element in the insurance covers the cost excluding the deductible. Guarantees Authorized car glassmasters cooperate with the insurance companies and have computerized connections to these as well as to the Swedish Road Administration. We can guarantee a professional installation of the windscreen and take full responsibility for the right material and curing time. Should any error still occur, this is addressed promptly and free of charge. Education and recycling Authorized car glass masters are trained and trained annually. The companies are randomly checked and ensure that the work they do restores the car so that safety and appearance are the original. The authorized automotive glassmasters are constantly updated on the latest developments in order to be able to meet the demands of the future. In addition, you can be sure that all authorized car glassmasters recycle their glass in an environmentally friendly way. Quality control Every year, all authorized car glassmasters must renew their authorizations and in such a way that they comply with the rules of the authorization. There is also an authorization committee which is responsible for compliance with the regulations through inspections, questionnaires, sample checks and training. Do you want to know more? Click here to link to GBF's authorization information. FREE STREAMING OF STONE SHOOTS FOR ONE YEAR WHEN CHANGING WINDSCREEN Within one year of the change of route you will receive up to three stone shots repaired at one and the same time. The repair is carried out completely free of charge for both you and your insurance company. MORE INFO ABOUT YOUR WARRANTY> BOOK TIME HERE! Enter your location and your phone number and we will call you with a quote and the next available time! CHOOSE TYPE OF DAMAGE ... Stone Shutters Replacement of Windshield Change of Side WindowSwitch of Rear Window FREE STONE SHOOTERS PRODUCTS & SERVICES SEE ALL OUR PRODUCTS & SERVICES GLASS CHAIN ​​- YOUR QUALITY GUARANTEE! All Glassmasters in the Glass Chain are authorized. We are also quality assured through Dekra and certified in quality and environment, ISO 9001 and ISO 14001. A safe and affordable choice. We are located throughout Sweden. Welcome! The glass chain in Mönsterås Mönsterås Glasmästeri AB Storgatan 75 383 37 Mönsterås Tel: 0499-105 90 E-mail: monsteras@glaskedjan.se OPEN: Mon-Thurs 7-17 (lunch 12-13), Fri 7-13 We use cookies to make sure we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site, we will assume you agree