Replace the windscreen warranty | Car glass | The glass chain in Mönsterås Tel. 0499-105 90 Toggle navigation Replacement of car glass Stone shot Guarantees FIND US ABOUT US ABOUT US Customers DEKRA - Authorized Injury Report Corona Situation Glassmasters> Search for: WITH RESPECT OF THE CORONAVIRUS - How to do this in the Glass chain We have HOSTSKYDD windscreen The glass chain now offers all its private customers something new and unique for the industry - Accident bird guarantee! The guarantee helps customers keep their new windscreen a little longer. All customers who change the windshield at any of the Glass Chain's units receive a value check that entitles them to free repair of stone shots within a year! Value checks can then be used at all Glass Chain workshops throughout Sweden. Free repair of stone shot The guarantee means that the customer will receive up to three stone shots repaired at one and the same time within a year after the exchange. The repair is carried out completely at no cost to both the customer and the customer's insurance company. Order free stoneware patches> Accident bird guarantee - value check When a windshield is changed with us, the customer receives a value check. This check entitles the customer to use the Accident Bird Guarantee. The conditions for the guarantee to apply are that you have a value check with you and that the car has the same owner and is insured in the same insurance company as at the exchange. The offer applies to private individuals and a maximum of 3 repairable stone shots at one and the same time within 12 months from the exchange. BOOK TIME HERE! Enter your location and your phone number and we will call you with a quote and the next available time! CHOOSE TYPE OF DAMAGE ... Stone Shutters Replacement of Windshield Change of Side WindowSwitch of Rear Window FREE STONE SHOOTERS PRODUCTS & SERVICES SEE ALL OUR PRODUCTS & SERVICES GLASS CHAIN ​​- YOUR QUALITY GUARANTEE! All Glassmasters in the Glass Chain are authorized. We are also quality assured through Dekra and certified in quality and environment, ISO 9001 and ISO 14001. A safe and affordable choice. We are located throughout Sweden. Welcome! The glass chain in Mönsterås Mönsterås Glasmästeri AB Storgatan 75 383 37 Mönsterås Tel: 0499-105 90 E-mail: monsteras@glaskedjan.se OPEN: Mon-Thurs 7-17 (lunch 12-13), Fri 7-13 We use cookies to make sure we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site, we will assume you agree