Corona situation | The glass chain in Mönsterås Tel. 0499-105 90 Toggle navigation Replacement of car glass Stone shot Guarantees FIND ABOUT US ABOUT US Business customers DEKRA - Authorized Injury Report Corona situation Glassmaker> Search for: WITH REGARD TO CORONAVIRUS - How to do this in the Glass chain We have HOSTSKDOND - this is how we do Because of the Coronavirus, we see a major impact in society and our world with various infection control measures such as canceled activities, reduced activities, closed borders, etc. Of course, we at the Glass Chain follow the recommendations that come from the authorities. It is now important that we all help to reduce the spread of infection! We glassmasters work in an industry where our help can often be needed urgently and we do everything to maintain our high level of service just as usual, but with extra measures to avoid possible. contamination. Our employees have been instructed in how they best relate to the prevailing situation, what procedures apply and how best to avoid infection. We avoid taking care and avoid situations where you may be exposed to sneezing, coughing and the like. If any employee feels the slightest symptoms of illness, he or she should stay at home. We have severely limited our employees' journeys in the service. Ev. Travel shall be granted by the ultimate manager of each unit and granted only if it is deemed necessary under the prevailing circumstances. When visiting a customer, we take care and follow given routines to reduce the risk of infection. In the current situation, we look positively at working from home if possible. Our meetings, both internal and external, we try to conduct via telephone, video conference or similar. Physical meetings are only held in exceptional cases. We have restricted visitors' access to our premises to minimize the risk of transmission. We maintain close dialogues with our subcontractors to ensure that deliveries arrive despite the fact that some countries have closed their borders. Our ambition is to maintain the same good service to our customers and we do everything possible to minimize any disruptions in our deliveries to you. If delays in deliveries occur to us, we will keep our customers updated on the situation and what it may mean for the delivery of our services and products. Use your usual contact ways to get in touch with us. Feel free to ask if you have any questions or concerns related to the situation that arises. FREE STREAMING OF STONE SHOOTS FOR ONE YEAR WHEN CHANGING WINDSCREEN Within one year of the change of route you will receive up to three stone shots repaired at one and the same time. The repair is carried out completely free of charge for both you and your insurance company. MORE INFO ABOUT YOUR WARRANTY> BOOK TIME HERE! Enter your location and your phone number and we will call you with a quote and the next available time! CHOOSE TYPE OF DAMAGE ... Stone Shutters Replacement of Windshield Change of Side WindowSwitch of Rear Window FREE STONE SHOOTERS PRODUCTS & SERVICES SEE ALL OUR PRODUCTS & SERVICES GLASS CHAIN ​​- YOUR QUALITY GUARANTEE! All Glassmasters in the Glass Chain are authorized. We are also quality assured through Dekra and certified in quality and environment, ISO 9001 and ISO 14001. A safe and affordable choice. We are located throughout Sweden. Welcome! The glass chain in Mönsterås Mönsterås Glasmästeri AB Storgatan 75 383 37 Mönsterås Tel: 0499-105 90 E-mail: monsteras@glaskedjan.se OPEN: Mon-Thurs 7-17 (lunch 12-13), Fri 7-13 We use cookies to make sure we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site, we will assume you agree