Our Services | The glass chain in Mönsterås Tel. 0499-105 90 Toggle navigation Replacement of car glass Stone shot Guarantees FIND US ABOUT US ABOUT US Customers DECRA - Authorized Injury Report Corona Situation Glassmaker> Search for: WITH RESPECT OF CORONA VIRUS - How to do this in the Glass chain We have HOSTSKÖRD CUSTOMERS FOR ALL INSURANCE COMPANIES We do car glass jobs for all insurance companies in the market and make claims, and do all contact and administration with the insurance company for their customers, at no extra cost. WINDOW REPLACEMENT Windshields that are too worn, or have stones that cannot be repaired, are replaced. The deductible for changing windscreen depends on which car and which insurance company you have, but usually ranges from about SEK 1,500. WINDSCREEN CALIBRATION Almost all modern cars today have cameras and sensors that need to be calibrated when changing car glass. We use the latest equipment to help you with this! REPLACING SIDE WINDOWS AND REAR PANEL Even the car's side windows and rear window can become worn or have damage that requires them to be replaced. We exchange boxes on all types of cars and vehicles. Also older year models and odd cars. REPLACING ROOF PANEL The glass chain also replaces the glass in roof windows that have been cracked, or which have become worn and dirty and need to be replaced. FREE LOAN CAR OR LOAN BIKE WHEN CHANGING PANES ON CAR When changing a box, when you have to leave the car during the day, you have the opportunity to borrow a car or a bicycle. When you borrow a car, you are only responsible for the cost of gasoline. CREATION OF STONE SHOOT We fix the stone shot before it has developed into a crack formation, which means that you have to change the entire windshield. The deductible is SEK 0–200, depending on which insurance company you have. We do work for all insurance companies and handle all contact with your insurance company for you. REPLACEMENT OF REAR MIRROR GLASS We can assist with replacement of rear-view mirror glass, if it has been damaged. GLASS TREATMENT OF WINDSCREEN A treated window is water and dirt repellent and gives a much better visibility when driving in rain and dark. As the water droplets slide off the glass of the wind speed, the windscreen wipers need not be used as much as before. Insects and ice do not get stuck as hard as on an untreated box and can therefore easily be removed. The windscreen is part of our standard treatment, but we can of course treat all the windows that are in demand! REPLACING THE DRYER SHEETS Worn wiper blades work worse and not only provide poor visibility in the rain, but can also scratch the window. We are switching to new fresh ones that increase visibility and traffic safety. POLISHING OF BAMBLE GLASS You can look great for the car's milky, worn headlights! They are subject to constant wear and over time, the plastic oxidizes and scratches in the lenses. It makes the slide worse and poses a safety risk. Not infrequently, worn spotlights fail at inspection. By wet grinding, polishing and varnishing the lenses in several steps, we recreate the clear surface the headlamp should have, to provide proper scattering and direction of light. In addition, you get a nicer car with a higher used value. We recommend that you always fix both headlights for the best light. ACCIDENT BIRD WARRANTY FOR STONE SHOOTS The accident bird guarantee entitles you to free repair of stone shot within one year. The guarantee means that the customer will receive up to three stone shots repaired at one and the same time within one year of the change of route. The repair is carried out completely at no cost to both the customer and the customer's insurance company. STONE SHOOT PLASTER ON PURCHASE A stone shot patch is applied directly and keeps dirt and moisture away, and prevents the damage from growing into a crack, until you can reach us and get it repaired. CHANGE OF WINDOWS ON CARS Although motorhomes are driven most during the summer, they also receive stone shot damage that cannot be repaired and require a change of box. The deductible for changing a windscreen depends on which car and which insurance company you have, but usually ranges from about SEK 1,500. CHANGE OF WINDOWS ON LEISURE BOATS Good visibility is just as important on the lake as on the road. Sometimes even more important - on the lake there are no road lines or reflex posts to adhere to. We change all types of boxes on all types of leisure boats. REPLACING WINDOWS ON HEAVY VEHICLES Good visibility is not just a safety issue. It is a work environment issue for those who should look good day by day through the windscreen of a heavy vehicle such as a bus, truck, construction machine or plow truck. Often in bad weather and challenging environmental or traffic conditions. The excess risk of changing boxes depends on which vehicle and which insurance company you have. GUARANTEES ON JOB We provide a 10-year warranty on our work in connection with a car glass replacement. The warranty is valid as long as you own the car, but a maximum of 10 years. The glass chain is based on four core values: Masterful service Masterful quality Masterful knowledge Masterful commitment GLASS CHAIN ​​- YOUR QUALITY GUARANTEE! All Glassmasters in the Glass Chain are authorized. We are also quality assured through Dekra and certified in quality and environment, ISO 9001 and ISO 14001. A safe and affordable choice. We are located throughout Sweden. Welcome! The glass chain in Mönsterås Mönsterås Glasmästeri AB Storgatan 75 383 37 Mönsterås Tel: 0499-105 90 E-mail: monsteras@glaskedjan.se OPEN: Mon-Thurs 7-17 (lunch 12-13), Fri 7-13 We use cookies to make sure we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site, we will assume you agree