Replacement of car glass and windscreen | Car glass | The glass chain in Mönsterås Tel. 0499-105 90 Toggle navigation Replacement of car glass Stone shot Guarantees FIND ABOUT US ABOUT US Business customers DECRA - Authorized Injury Report Corona Situation Glassmaker> Search for: WITH RESPECT OF THE CORONA VIRUS - How to do this in the Glass Chain We have a car exchange for everyone not just windshields and fix stone. We change special windows and put solar film - even on heavy vehicles. We also calibrate the car's glass-close sensors, cameras, projectors and radar. And much more that real glassmasters can. Changing the car window We are committed glassmasters with extensive knowledge in car and vehicle glass. No matter your vehicle or how old it is. We can also handle special windows, solar film and spotlights. We work with all insurance companies! Damage notification form> Calibration of car cameras and sensors Many newer cars have cameras, sensors, projectors and radar systems that must be calibrated when changing car glass. Here, technology development is very fast, and we use the very latest equipment to help your car work perfectly! Tired windshield? Wear and damage to the windscreen improves the light distribution. It is about eg street lights, oncoming spotlights or sunlight that suddenly bothers and makes your journey dangerous. The problem is greatest when driving in the dark, when you need the best possible visibility. We are authorized car glass masters and specially trained with top expertise for car glass replacement and repairs. And we can handle all car models! The excess risk of windshield change depends on which car and which insurance company you have. When you book time with us, you get information about the deductible that applies to you and your car. Reporting claim form> Repair of stone shot >> Vehicle glass >> Solar film on car windows >> FREE STOCK SHOOTING FOR ONE YEAR BY CHANGE OF WINDSCREEN Within one year after the change of route you will receive up to three stone shots repaired at one and the same time. The repair is carried out completely free of charge for both you and your insurance company. MORE INFO ABOUT YOUR WARRANTY> BOOK TIME HERE! Enter your location and your phone number and we will call you with a quote and the next available time! CHOOSE TYPE OF INJURY ... Stone shot Replacement of windshieldReplacement of side windowRchanging of rear window Authorized car glass masterpiece! We contact your insurance company Quality and guarantee! If you change glass, you get free stone-throwing for one year! FREE STONE SHOOTERS PRODUCTS & SERVICES SEE ALL OUR PRODUCTS & SERVICES GLASS CHAIN ​​- YOUR QUALITY GUARANTEE! All Glassmasters in the Glass Chain are authorized. We are also quality assured through Dekra and certified in quality and environment, ISO 9001 and ISO 14001. A safe and affordable choice. We are located throughout Sweden. Welcome! The glass chain in Mönsterås Mönsterås Glasmästeri AB Storgatan 75 383 37 Mönsterås Tel: 0499-105 90 E-mail: monsteras@glaskedjan.se OPEN: Mon-Thurs 7-17 (lunch 12-13), Fri 7-13 We use cookies to make sure we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site, we will assume you agree