Conversion Vehicles - Fashion Car Skip to content Fashion Car Bodywork and glass breakage repair Home ServicesRepair Bodywork Dents Bodywork Spraying Paint coat Car window repair and replacement Car inspection with Measuring equipment Service Conversion Vehicles Partners Guestbook Photos Contact Home Services Repair Body Dent removal Body spraying Paint layer Car window repair and replacement Service inspection with Measuring equipment Conversion Vehicles Partners Guestbook Photos Contact Conversion VehiclesYou are here: HomeConstruction Vehicles Fashion Car bvba has the experience, material and expertise to make all kinds of adjustments to your passenger car, 4 × 4 or van. Our duties include placing snorkels, winches, extra spare wheels, steps ... In addition, lowering your vehicle or completely converting a van into an ambulance is also possible. View the photos of converted vehicles below and feel free to contact us for more information! LC 200 / BODY KIT LC 200 / BULL BAR BUMPER WITH WHINCH, REAR BUMPER WHEEL AND JERRY CAN HOLDERS HILUX / FULLBOX, BULL BAR, STEP STAIRS LC HJZ 76 / PLACES OF SNORKEL AMBULANCE COASTER BUS / POLICE LC HJZ 78 / POLICE LC 200 / 4x4 SPECIAL OFF ROAD On this site Email * Message * Name This field is for validation purposes and should not be changed. This iframe contains the required logic to process Ajax powered Gravity Forms. Open Maps Widget for Google Maps settings to configure the Google Maps API key. The map can't work without it. This is a Google's rule that all sites must follow. Copyright © 2015 FASHION CAR | Webdesign by Zite Media Go to Top This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.Find out more or adjust your settings. Accept Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. disable If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings