Fashion Car - Bodywork and glass breakage repair Skip to content Fashion Car Bodywork and glass breakage repair Home ServicesRepair Bodywork Dent removal Body spraying Paint coat Car window repair and replacement Car control with Measuring equipment Service Conversion Vehicles Partners Guestbook Photos Contact Home Services Repair Body Repair Dent replacement Body paint with car window repair and replacement Measuring Equipment Service Conversion Vehicles Partners Guestbook Photos Contact A Passion for Finishing & Quality Recognized Cromax 5 Star Carrosserie Workshop for Conversion of Vehicles More than 30 years Experience & Craftsmanship The greatest care for your car Own spray booths & Modern Infrastructure Repair or Replacement of car windows Repair & Dent Bodywork For repairing damage to bodywork, we are your expert partner in guidance and repair. Repainting the paint layer At Fashion Car you can have your car repainted in whole or in part. Beautiful result guaranteed. Repair & Replace Car Windows Whether it's an asterisk in your windscreen or replacement of the entire car window, we are happy to help you. Self-checking with measuring equipment Thanks to a wide variety of measuring equipment, your car can always be thoroughly checked. WELCOME TO FASHION CAR You can visit our workshop in Hoboken for all possible repairs to body damage to cars and light trucks, replacing car windows and a thorough check of your car. You can also entrust the conversion of your vehicle to our experts. ALL OUR SERVICES Fast, Qualitative & Fair Prices At Fashion Car in Hoboken you can go for all repairs to the body of your car. But you have also come to the right place for car windows, specialized checks or breakdowns! And of course always at competitive prices. Repair body damage Repair or renewal of paintwork Dent removal without spraying Repairing and replacing car windows Car control by measuring and alignment equipment Breakdowns Conversion of vehicles ... View our services OUR ADVANTAGES Fast service Specialized craftsmanship Years of experience in the sector A replacement car during the repair of your car Very correct prices Strict observance of every appointment HISTORY Fashion Car bvba is a family business with a long history! Activities in the sector started for the managers in 1971, when they started a business in auto mechanics and body repair with their brothers. In 1984 both departments were separated and Fashion Car bvba was founded as an independent business under the leadership of 3 of the 5 brothers. Until 1995 Fashion Car bvba was active on the South Docks of Antwerp. The plan arose to move to an industrial zone in order to continue to guarantee optimal service to customers, and in the end Fashion Car bvba moved to a modern, completely newly furnished building in the Industrial Zone Polderstad of Hoboken. In the same place, the three managers have since guaranteed you a personal involvement in every repair, a smooth service with a standard replacement car during the repair and, of course, thorough and specialized craftsmanship based on years and years of experience. DISCOVER FASHION CAR For more information about our services, our quality labels and the list of insurance companies through which we are recognized, visit the relevant pages of this website! For urgent breakdowns after office hours, please contact our partner Garage Leeuwlant nv on 0475/75 36 27 !!. On this siteHomeServicesBody repair Repair Dent repair Paintwork Car window repair and replacementCar check with Measuring equipmentServiceConstruction VehiclesPartnersGuestbookPhotosContactFashion Car BVBAAddressIndustrial zone Polderstad Smallandlaan 25 2660 Hoboken Telephone03 825 60 22 E-mail info@f27car.no Email info@fashioncar Comments This field is for validation purposes and should not be changed. This iframe contains the required logic to process Ajax powered Gravity Forms. Open Maps Widget for Google Maps settings to configure the Google Maps API key. The map can't work without it. This is a Google's rule that all sites must follow. Copyright © 2015 FASHION CAR | Webdesign by Zite Media Go to Top This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.Find out more or adjust your settings. Accept Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. disable If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings