Partners - Fashion Car Skip to content Fashion Car Bodywork and glass breakage repair Home ServicesRepair Bodywork Dent removal Bodywork Spray painting Paint car repair and replacement Car inspection with Measuring equipment Service Conversion Vehicles Partners Guestbook Photos Contact Home Services Repair Body Dent removal Paint spraying Car window repair and replacement Car control with Measuring equipment Service Conversion Vehicles Partners Guestbook Photos Contact Qualitative PartnersYou are here: HomePartners Our Quality Certificates Fashion Car bvba from Hoboken is affiliated with Eurogarant and DuPont Five Star, highly regarded quality labels that guarantee bodywork companies and their customers high quality and absolute safety. More information on how DuPont Five Star supports the professionalism of its members and on the benefits and guarantees you enjoy as a Eurogarant body shop customer can be found on the respective websites. WHY A CROMAX FIVE START PARTNER? Five Star Partners must meet strict conditions to join the network. During the admission screening, damage repair companies must demonstrate that they have efficient work processes and strong management skills. Once a Partner is a Five Star member, our strict values ​​provide them with a framework to meet the high standards set by fleet managers, leasing and insurance companies. THE EUROGARANT BODYBAR COMPANY GUARANTEES YOU: A well-cared-for quality work guaranteed by a warranty certificate Equipment that meets European standards The use of original spare parts and a repair according to the guidelines of the manufacturer A computerized cutlery A replacement car Our Insurance partners Fashion Car bvba from Hoboken is a recognized bodywork company for the following insurance companies: On this site Name * Email * Message * Phone This field is for validation purposes and should not be changed. This iframe contains the required logic to process Ajax powered Gravity Forms. Open Maps Widget for Google Maps settings to configure the Google Maps API key. The map can't work without it. This is a Google's rule that all sites must follow. Copyright © 2015 FASHION CAR | Webdesign by Zite Media Go to Top This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.Find out more or adjust your settings. Accept Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. disable If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings