Data protection - damm-motorsport.de Home Motorsport Projects Motors and transmissions Chassis Tire service Used cars Videos Opening times How to find us Links Contact Scope‍This data protection declaration is intended for users of this website in accordance with the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) regarding the type, scope and purpose of the collection and use Inform personal data by the website operator. The website operator takes your data protection very seriously and treats your personal data confidentially and in accordance with legal regulations. Keep in mind that data transmission over the Internet can always be subject to security gaps. Complete protection against access by third parties is not feasible.‍‍ Access data‍The website operator or website provider collects data about access to the site and saves it as ?? server log files ?? from. The following data are logged: ?? Visited website ?? Time of access? Amount of data sent in bytes ?? Source / reference from which you came to the page ?? Browser used ?? Operating system used ?? IP address used The data collected is only used for statistical evaluations and to improve the website. However, the website operator reserves the right to check the server log files retrospectively if there are specific indications of illegal use. ‍Cookies‍This website uses cookies. These are small text files that are saved on your device. These do no harm. Your browser accesses these files. The use of cookies increases the user-friendliness and security of this website. Common browsers offer the setting option of not allowing cookies. Note: There is no guarantee that you will be able to access all functions of this website without restrictions if you make the appropriate settings. ‍Dealing with personal data‍The website operator only collects, uses and passes on your personal data if this is permitted by law or if you consent to the data collection. Personal information includes all information that serves to determine your person and which can be traced back to you ?? for example, your name, email address and telephone number. If you contact the website operator through the contact options offered, your details will be stored for a period of six months so that they can be used to process and answer your request and in the event of follow-up questions. This data will not be passed on to third parties without your consent. ‍Handling comments and contributions‍If you leave a contribution or comment on this website, your IP address will be saved. This serves the security of the website operator: If your text violates the law, he would like to be able to track your identity. ‍‍Use of social media plugins‍This website uses Facebook social plugins, which is operated by Facebook Inc. (1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA). The integration can be recognized by the Facebook logo or the terms ?? Like ??, ?? Like ??, ?? Share ?? in Facebook's colors (blue and white). You can find information on all Facebook plugins in the following link: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/The plugin establishes a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook servers. The website operator has no influence on the nature and scope of the data that the plugin transmits to the servers of Facebook Inc. You can find information about this here: https://www.facebook.com/help/186325668085084 The plugin informs Facebook Inc. that users have visited this website. There is a possibility that your IP address will be saved. If you are logged into your Facebook account while visiting this website, the information mentioned will be linked to it. Do you use the plugin's functions? about by sharing a post or liking it ?? the corresponding information will also be transmitted to Facebook Inc. Would you like to prevent the Facebook. Inc. linked this data to your Facebook account, please log out of Facebook before visiting this website. Rights of the user: information, correction and deletion als As a user, you as a user will receive free information about which personal data has been stored about you. If your request does not conflict with a legal obligation to store data (e.g. data retention), you have the right to correct incorrect data and to block or delete your personal data.This data protection declaration has been lawfully copied from ithelps. Imprint | Privacy Policy Contact | © Copyright Auto und Service Damm USt.ID: DE147062172 | Last change: 06.01.2020 | Created with HomepageFIX 2016 Print