Auto & Service Damm Home Motorsport Projects Motors and transmissions Chassis Tire service Used cars Videos Opening times How to find us Links Contact Chassis technology and tuning of a competition vehicle Since there is actually no or very little literature on the subject of chassis tuning, I try to gain some insights from 20 years of rallying and some Nordschleife freaks on paper. First, a few basic rules and technical terms: The coil spring in general The spring and the position of the spring plate determine the height of the vehicle on automobiles with a strut axis. Special lowering springs can shorten the original travel and thus lower the vehicle. The progressive and shortened springs result in a low center of gravity and thus a sporty road holding. It should be noted that the springs always have pre-tension with a freely hanging axle or wheel suspension. When using hard vehicle springs, it is often necessary to use a so-called auxiliary spring (helper) or additional spring in addition to the main spring - this is the case with all screwed trolleys. The additional springs therefore keep the main spring under constant tension under all driving conditions. A progressive total spring rate is hereby achieved. Depending on the type of shock absorber, the additional spring can be mounted above or below the main spring. It is always necessary to use the centering ring specified by the manufacturer between the main and auxiliary spring. The use of the additional spring also has the advantage that the stroke of the piston rod on the damper has to be changed little or not at all. Spring travel / residual spring travel: Travel is defined as the area used during driving that the vehicle can compress. Definition of residual spring travel: A residual spring travel in the sense of the TÜV guidelines is when a vehicle that is loaded to 130% of the permissible axle load can still be compressed by at least 25 mm. These 25 mm represent the remaining spring travel. When determining this test method, it was assumed that the dynamic loads during driving on a vehicle that was loaded to the permissible axle loads could cause the weight of the vehicle to increase briefly by up to 30% (shock load ). The remaining spring travel plays an important role, among other things, in the preparation of the parts certificate for springs and undercarriages. Structure and operating principle: The operating principle of all hydraulic shock absorbers is the conversion of kinetic energy (movement) into thermal energy (heat). In order to achieve this, the oil in the damper housing is pressed through narrow compensation spaces and valve systems, whereby hydraulic resistance is formed. A telescopic shock absorber can be pushed in and pulled out: the so-called pressure stroke and pull stroke. Telescopic dampers are divided into: 1. Single-tube damper, also called high-pressure gas damper (I) 2. Two-tube damper, in hydraulic or gas-hydraulic design (II) The two-tube damperThe most important parts are: "The outer tube, also called container tube (1)" The inner tube, also called cylinder (2) "A piston (3) with a piston rod (4)" The piston rod guide How does a two-pipe damper work? The pressure stroke When the piston rod is pushed in, the oil flows without resistance below the piston through the bores (3a) in the one-way valve to the larger space above the piston. At the same time, a certain amount of oil is pushed away from the volume of the piston rod entering the cylinder. This oil volume is pressed through the bottom valve into the container tube (1), which is filled with air (1Bar) or nitrogen gas (4 to 8 bar) (c). The resistance to the oil on the way through the bottom valve (b) creates the compression damping. The pull stroke When the piston rod is pulled out, the oil above the piston comes under pressure and is pressed through the piston. The resistance created by the oil on its way through the piston creates the shock absorber's shock absorber. Cone-based suspension damper settings Attention: applies to all adjustment variants! Never try to move the dampers beyond a noticeable stop (whether to the left or to the right)! This would damage the damper in any case! On the following pages you will find instructions on how to adjust the shock absorbers for the different series. Rebound The rebound in the shock absorber has the task of damping the vehicle spring in its relaxation process (vibration). The great art of chassis tuning is to find the right ratio between spring force (depending on the path) and the rebound identifier (depending on the speed) for the respective vehicle and the sport use. The rebound adjustment can be adjusted or adjusted on all of our shock absorbers, many even when installed from the outside. The compression stage has the task of damping the compression speed and supporting the stabilizer or taking over this function if the stabilizer is missing. This is the maximum achievable cornering speed in relation to a certain curve radius before the car breaks out. At this speed, the centrifugal force acting in the center of gravity and the cornering force to be applied via the wheels are in balance. This speed is measured on a circular plate (skid pad) and, in order to achieve comparable values ​​that are largely independent of the diameter, it can be measured as the maximum achievable lateral acceleration or dimensionless as the so-called curve friction coefficient (mK). It is calculated from the maximum achievable speed and the diameter on which the center of gravity of the vehicle is moving. The formula is: mK = ____ V² _____ 64 * D The speed is given in km / h and the diameter in meters. The curve speed is determined by stopping and averaging the laps. The following formula applies: V = 3.6 * p * D t where (t) is the measured lap time in seconds and (fractions) and p with 3.14. For modern passenger cars, a coefficient of friction of 0.8 to 0.9 is the state of the art, sports cars can achieve more than 1.0. The fact that formula cars and racing cars, especially when using aerodynamic aids such as wings or the so-called ground effect, can achieve values ​​of well over 2.0 shows the possibilities that vehicle tuning offers. In addition to the tires, which due to their design, dimension, rubber compound of the tread and tread design have a significant influence on the cornering speed, design factors are almost exclusively responsible. The following points should be mentioned here: "Center of gravity" Track width and wheelbase "Weight distribution" type and Execution of the wheel suspension "Influence of aerodynamics These sizes are largely determined by the respective car type. Now you have to try to get the best possible driving characteristics by changing and refining. Oversteer and understeer In order to increase the cornering force and thus the cornering speed, you should do the following:" Wide tires "higher air pressure" wider and lighter rims "lowering the car (focus on lowering)" negative camber front and rear "stabilizers front and rear" widen the front and rear lane "reduce lift (front / rear spoiler) By d he one-sided use of the above Opportunities can be mitigated or eliminated undesired self-steering behavior. Understeer The vehicle pushes over the front axle towards the outer edge of the curve. The following measures can mitigate or eliminate the understeer: "higher tire pressure at the front" wider tires at the front "wider rims at the front" negative camber at the front "wider track at the front" stabilizer at the rear "Increase tire temperature ( in racing mode) "Use softer tire compound (in racing mode)" Harder cushioning (compression) or rear suspension "Soften front axle damper" Use softer front axle stabilizer "Select front axle spring softer - in some cases the front axle spring is much, much too soft, then on harder ones Use springs "Front spoiler tires, air pressure and rims A good way to increase cornering speed limits is to use other tires. Low-profile tires offer more grip due to the wider treads with appropriate tread compound Ren cross-sections absorb greater cornering forces at lower slip angles. The slip angle is the angle of the tread to the road. When cornering at high speeds, the wheel deforms on the road from the outside of the curve to the vehicle. If a certain slip angle is exceeded, the traction decreases. This results in the following definition: "Oversteer: slip angle at the rear larger than at the front" Understeer: slip angle at the front larger than at the rear "Neutral: slip angle at the front and rear are the same. Since the slip angle also decreases with increasing air pressure, the following rules apply:" Higher air pressure at the front reduces understeer "Higher air pressure at the rear reduces oversteer Another good way to improve self-steering behavior is to use different tire widths, since wider tires have smaller slip angles under the same load and lateral force. It follows:" Wider tires at the rear reduce oversteer "Wider tires at the front less understeer Also use Different rim widths lead to similar results, since the same tire is better supported on a wider rim, which means: "Wider rim at the rear reduces oversteer" Wider rim at the front reduces understeer sator The self-steering behavior can also be changed significantly by using stabilizers. The transverse part of the stabilizer connected to the body is twisted when it is deflected on one side, thereby increasing the wheel load on the outside wheel. At the same time, the wheel load on the inside wheel is reduced and the slip angle on the outside is increased. A pleasant side effect here is that this of course significantly reduces the side inclination, since the suspension of the spring-in side increases by the torsional force of the stabilizer. This results in the following rules: "Stabilizer at the front: reduces oversteer (promotes understeer)" Stabilizer at the rear: reduces understeer (promotes oversteer) Lane and camber Changing the camber can bring various advantages. As a wheel supporting against the outside of the bend (negative camber) If an additional camber force is applied, greater lateral forces and thus higher cornering speeds can be achieved. Changes in the camber values ​​have the following effects: "Negative camber at the front - reduces understeering" Negative camber at the rear - reduces oversteering Because of the uneven wear and for other reasons, the negative camber angles should not be more than 2 degrees at the front and no more than 3 degrees at the rear. By adjusting the track width of an axle (using spacers or smaller ET's), better lateral support of the vehicle can be achieved. With even widening on both axles, the original self-steering behavior is retained. The variation on the different axles is based on the following rules: "Wider track at the front - reduces understeer" Wider track at the rear - reduces oversteer Suspension and shock absorbers Standard vehicles are usually designed in suspension and damping so that there is an acceptable compromise between road holding and comfort. Without sacrificing driving comfort due to harder suspension tuning, considerably better driving characteristics can be achieved in some cases. The lower center of gravity of the lowered vehicle and a widening of the track result in a significantly improved support of the centrifugal forces in curves and a higher cornering speed. The problem is, however, that there are limits to the existing suspension travel in the production car. Anyone who is already sitting on the end stops, and not a few so-called lowering leads to it, no longer have any suspension travel while driving. Vehicles that bump more than drive lose traction even on slight bumps. These vehicles cannot be fully loaded, nor can they absorb dynamic shocks (shock loads). The lack of traction means in plain language that the vehicle is unsafe to drive, the wheels tend to spin faster when starting and the traction that is urgently needed there is missing in the bend, so that the bend speed must be significantly reduced so as not to fly out of the bend a contact of the end stops, that the forces that occur are poorly sprung and almost completely passed on to the body and that there is therefore considerable wear and tear on the axle parts and the wheel suspension. The main points of wear here are dome bearings, upper spring plates, intermediate bearings, wheel bearings, bushings for the axle mounting, etc. If the spring travel is reduced, the spring rates must be increased. As a result, a firmer shock absorber should now be used, which not only calms the movement of the body brake, but also calms the wheels and axle parts caused by bumps in the road and other disturbing forces. Considering to make the bike's rocking as difficult as possible, it is inevitable to a certain extent that harder shock absorbers ensure better grip. However, if the damper rebound is too high compared to the spring rate, the same problems arise as with oversized stabilizers. The wheel does not rebound quickly enough in the event of bumps and load changes and loses contact with the road. Summary: Less oversteer: Less understeer: Stabi in front harder (shorter) Stabi in front softer (longer) Stabi in back softer (long) Stabi in back harder (shorter) Harder compression stage in front Softer compression stage in front Harder suspension in front Softer suspension in front Softer rebound in back Softer rebound in front Wider track in rear Wider front track More rear wing More front spoiler Higher rear air pressure Higher air pressure k front Negative camber rear Negative camber front More oversteer: More understeer: Stabi front softer (longer) Stabi front harder (shorter) Stabi rear harder (shorter) Stabi rear softer (longer) Harder pressure level rear Softer pressure level rear Harder suspension rear Softer suspension rear Harder rebound rear Softer rebound rear General: For asphalt circuit - at least 40mm of travel, toe-in at the lower limit and max. 2 degree camber at the front For example front-wheel drive, slalom, group G where damper spring rates cannot be set - may: e.g. with increasing the tire pressure on the rear axle up to 5-6 bar pressure. (In slalom it did a lot) For rally asphalt - sufficient suspension travel, tension and compression level softer, track values ​​almost standard. For rally - gravel - large travel, soft long progressive springs or with hard additional spring, less tension and compression, track values ​​series. With front wheel drive and deep gravel at the front without stabilizer (try, better traction). So have fun trying it! Siegfried Damm Free Counter Imprint | Privacy Policy Contact | © Copyright Auto und Service Damm USt.ID: DE147062172 | Last change: 06.01.2020 | Created with HomepageFIX 2016 Print