Imprint - damm-motorsport.de Home Motorsport Projects Engines and Gear Chassis Tire Service Used Cars Videos Opening Hours How to Find Us Links Contact Responsible for content according to § 6 MDStV: Siegfried Damm Despite all care, errors may have crept in and data may have changed in the meantime. We therefore do not assume any liability or guarantee for the topicality, correctness and completeness of the information and data provided. Internet Conditions The Internet works as a decentralized network with the temporary storage and transfer of temporary data. There can currently be no guarantee for the exclusion of manipulation, accidental falsification and the use of only current data (e.g. old version still in the cache) on the provider-to-user connection. We would like to point out this system-related restriction as follows: You will receive this data under the conditions of the Internet. For the accuracy of the information and the agreement with the original data, therefore, no guarantee can be taken. Copyright The layout of the homepage, the graphics and images used by the association, the collection and the individual contributions are protected by copyright. Auto und Service Damm reserves all rights, including those of photomechanical reproduction, duplication and distribution using special processes (e.g. data processing, data carriers and data networks). Damm assumes no liability for any typesetting errors or for the correctness of the entries. External links With the judgment of May 12, 1998, the Hamburg Regional Court decided that by placing a link, one may be responsible for the content of the linked page. According to the district court, this can only be prevented by expressly distancing yourself from this content. We have placed links to other websites on our website. The following applies to all these links: We expressly declare that we have no influence whatsoever on the design and content of the linked pages. We therefore hereby expressly distance ourselves from all content on all linked pages on our homepage and do not adopt this content as our own. This declaration applies to all links displayed on our homepage and for all contents of the pages to which these links lead. Data protection information The data you provide in the context of an online form is only saved for the purpose of fulfilling tasks 147062172 Imprint | Privacy Policy Contact | © Copyright Auto und Service Damm USt.ID: DE147062172 | Last change: 06.01.2020 | Created with HomepageFIX 2016 Print