Truck Service Singen GmbH | Your commercial vehicle partner at Lake Constance 07731/5918990 info@nfzdargel.de Truck Service Singen GmbH Vehicle rental HU-AU Reminder Imprint Data protection declaration Select Page 24h emergency number. Breakdown service: 0151/651 88 744 24h emergency number DAF International: 0031/40 214 3000 Online appointment request parts, spare parts shop HU / AU reminder vehicle | Trailer rental TRUCK-SERVICE-SINGEN GmbH Your commercial vehicle partner at Lake Constance SOLARIS TRUCK SERVICE PARTNER Motorhome service partner BUS & COACH SERVICE PARTNER Founded in 2011, Truck Service Singen GmbH offers customers from all craft, industrial and service sectors as well as municipalities and public companies a comprehensive full vehicle service. From advice to sales and maintenance to repairs and the statutory main and exhaust gas examinations with an inspection sticker, customers receive all services from a single source. Appointment request: Please select a topic Please select a topicHU / AUService / MaintenanceSmall repairs necessaryAccident damageEngine indicator lightElectrical problemHydraulic problem UNKNOWN Your name Telephone number for inquiries E-mail (optional) read and accepted. I have read and accepted the data protection regulations. I agree to the data processing. Send service and maintenance Repairs of all kinds Vehicle rental and trade 24/7 emergency service individual vehicle construction With us your vehicle is in good hands. Our competent and experienced specialist staff will be happy to fulfill your wishes and solve all major and minor problems. Fast, careful and reliable: you will be on the road as soon as possible and above all safe. Whether maintenance, testing or repair: just make an appointment with us. Our employees take care of your concerns responsibly. Christoph Dargel, Managing Director CONTACT Teamwork is very important to us. Whether apprentice or master - every opinion counts. The regular exchange among colleagues encourages cooperation. Together we achieve our goal: absolute satisfaction of our customers. Each of our employees is highly motivated and a real expert in their field. Maria Honsell, Administration CONTACT With us your vehicle is in good hands. Our competent and experienced specialist staff will be happy to fulfill your wishes and solve all major and minor problems. Fast, careful and reliable: you will be on the road as soon as possible and above all safe. Whether maintenance, testing or repair: just make an appointment with us. Our employees take care of your concerns responsibly. Alex Fritzler, Spare Parts | Shop | Service CONTACT Your name Telephone number for questions E-mail I have read and accepted the data protection regulations. I have read and accepted the data protection regulations. I agree to the data processing. Send message Truck Service Singen GmbH Werner-von-Siemens-Straße 2, 78224 Singen (Hohentwiel) Phone: 07731 5918990 Opening times: Mon - Fri 7:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Sat. 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. 24-hour breakdown service: 0151 651 88 74424h-DAF International: 0031 40 214 3000 Facebook Copyright: Truck-Service-Singen GmbH | Imprint | privacy