Privacy - H & S Smart Repair GmbH MenuHomeFuhrparkLeasingrückläuferSmartrepairDellenentfernungFelgenreparaturSteinschlagLackschadenUnfallschadenLackierarbeitenKarosserieinstandsetzungVersicherungsabwicklungOnline Claim Report Contact About unsDownloadsNewsletterSmartrepair-WikiDatenschutzImpressum × HomeFuhrparkLeasingrückläuferSmartrepairDellenentfernungFelgenreparaturSteinschlagLackschadenUnfallschadenLackierarbeitenKarosserieinstandsetzungVersicherungsabwicklungOnline Claim Report Contact About unsDownloadsNewsletterSmartrepair-WikiDatenschutzImpressum × DatenschutzDatenschutzerklärung1. Data protection at a glance General information The following information provides a simple overview of what happens to your personal data when you visit our website. Personal data is all data with which you can be personally identified. You can find detailed information on the subject of data protection in our data protection declaration below. Data collection on our website Who is responsible for data collection on this website? The data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. You can find their contact details in the imprint of this website.How do we collect your data? On the one hand, your data is collected by providing us with it. This can e.g. is data that you enter in a contact form. Other data is automatically collected by our IT systems when you visit the website. This is primarily technical data (e.g. internet browser, operating system or time of the page visit). This data is collected automatically as soon as you enter our website.What do we use your data for? Part of the data is collected to ensure that the website is provided correctly. Other data can be used to analyze your user behavior. What rights do you have regarding your data? You have the right to receive information about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data at any time free of charge. You also have the right to request that this data be corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have further questions about data protection. Furthermore, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. Analysis tools and tools from third-party providers When you visit our website, your surfing behavior can be statistically evaluated. This happens primarily with cookies and with so-called analysis programs. Your surfing behavior is usually analyzed anonymously; the surfing behavior cannot be traced back to you. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. You can find detailed information on this in the following data protection declaration.You can object to this analysis. We will inform you about the possibilities of objection in this data protection declaration. 2. General information and mandatory information Data protection The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration. When you use this website, various personal data are collected. Personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. This data protection declaration explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose, and we point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from access by third parties.Notice to the responsible bodyThe responsible body for data processing on this website is: H&S Smartrepair GmbH Alsterdorfer Str. The responsible body is the natural or legal person who, alone or together with others, decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names, email addresses, etc.) .Revocation of your consent to data processingMany Data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time. An informal notification by e-mail to us is sufficient. The lawfulness of the data processing carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.Right to complain to the responsible supervisory authority In the event of violations of data protection law, the person concerned has the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. The responsible supervisory authority for data protection issues is the state data protection officer of the federal state in which our company is based. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html.Right to data portabilityYou have the right to data that we base on Process your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically, hand it over to yourself or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you request the direct transmission of the data to another person responsible, this will only take place as far as it is technically feasible. SSL or TLS encryption This page uses for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or inquiries You send to us as the site operator, an SSL or TLS encryption. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from “http: //” to “https: //” and by the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, you can The data that you transmit to us will not be read by third parties. Information, blocking, deletion You have the right to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, at any time within the scope of the applicable legal provisions a right to correct, block or delete this data. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint for this as well as for further questions on the subject of personal data. Objection to advertising emails The use of contact data published within the scope of the imprint obligation to send unsolicited advertising and information material is hereby objected to. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam emails. Data protection officer Statutory data protection officer We have appointed a data protection officer for our company. H&S Smartrepair GmbH Falco Hilke Alsterdorfer Str. 218 22297 Hamburg Telephone: 040 - 87 50 12 47 E-Mail: info@hs-smartrepair.de4. Data collection on our website Cookies Some of the websites use so-called cookies. Cookies do no damage to your computer and contain no viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective and safer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit.You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general and automatic deletion activate cookies when the browser is closed. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted. Cookies that are required to carry out the electronic communication process or to provide certain functions you require (e.g. shopping cart function) are stored on the basis of Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR saved. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. Insofar as other cookies (e.g. cookies for analyzing your surfing behavior) are stored, these are treated separately in this data protection declaration. Server log files The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically sends to us transmitted. These are: browser type and browser version used operating system referrer URL host name of the accessing computer time of the server request IP address a combination of this data with other data sources is not made. The basis for the data processing is Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures.Contact formIf you send us inquiries via the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be used to process the request and in the event of follow-up questions us saved. We will not pass on this data without your consent. The data entered in the contact form will therefore only be processed on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 a GDPR). You can withdraw this consent at any time. An informal notification by e-mail to us is sufficient. The legality of the data processing operations carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.The data entered by you in the contact form remains with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed ). Mandatory legal provisions - in particular retention periods - remain unaffected. 5. Analysis tools and advertisingGoogle AnalyticsThis website uses functions of the web analytics service Google Analytics. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google Analytics cookies are stored on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both its website and its advertising.IP anonymizationWe have activated the IP anonymization function on this website. This means that your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area before it is transmitted to the USA. The full IP address will only be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services related to website activity and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. Browser plug-in You can prevent the storage of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading the browser plug-in available under the following link and install: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.Objection to data collection You can prevent Google Analytics from collecting your data by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie is set which prevents the collection of your data on future visits to this website: Deactivate Google Analytics. You can find more information on the handling of user data at Google Analytics in Google's data protection declaration: https://support.google .com / analytics / answer / 6004245? hl = en.Order data processingWe have concluded a contract for order data processing with Google and fully implement the strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using Google Analytics. Demographic features at Google AnalyticsThis website uses the function “demographic Features ”from Google Analytics. This allows reports to be created that contain information about the age, gender and interests of the website visitors. This data comes from interest-based advertising from Google and visitor data from third-party providers. This data cannot be assigned to a specific person. You can deactivate this function at any time via the ad settings in your Google account or generally prohibit the collection of your data by Google Analytics as shown in the point “Objection to data collection”. Google Analytics RemarketingOur websites use the functions of Google Analytics Remarketing in connection with the cross-device Features of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.This function enables the advertising target groups created with Google Analytics Remarketing to be linked with the cross-device functions of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. In this way, interest-related, personalized advertising messages that have been adapted to you depending on your previous usage and surfing behavior on one device (e.g. cell phone) can also be displayed on another of your devices (e.g. tablet or PC). You have given your consent , Google links your web and app browser history with your Google account for this purpose. In this way, the same personalized advertising messages can be displayed on any device on which you log in with your Google account. To support this function, Google Analytics records Google-authenticated IDs of users who are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics data, to define and create target groups for cross-device advertising. You can permanently object to cross-device remarketing / targeting by deactivating personalized advertising in your Google account; To do this, follow this link: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/. The data collected in your Google account will only be summarized on the basis of your consent, which you can give or withdraw from Google (Art 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR). In the case of data collection processes that are not merged into your Google account (e.g. because you do not have a Google account or have objected to the merging), the collection of the data is based on Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The legitimate interest arises from the fact that the website operator has an interest in the anonymized analysis of website visitors for advertising purposes. Further information and the data protection provisions can be found in Google's data protection declaration at: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ ads / .Google AdWords and Google Conversion TrackingThis website uses Google AdWords. AdWords is an online advertising program from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”). We use so-called conversion tracking as part of Google AdWords. If you click on an advertisement placed by Google, a cookie for the conversion tracking is set. Cookies are small text files that the Internet browser places on the user's computer. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used to personally identify users. If the user visits certain pages of this website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and we can recognize that the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to this page. Each Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie. The cookies cannot be tracked through the websites of AdWords customers. The information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers learn the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, you will not receive any information that can be used to personally identify users. If you do not want to participate in tracking, you can object to this use by easily deactivating the Google Conversion Tracking cookie via your internet browser under user settings. You will then not be included in the conversion tracking statistics. "Conversion cookies" are saved on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both its website and its advertising.More information on Google AdWords and Google conversion tracking can be found in Google's privacy policy: https://www.google.de /policies/privacy/. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed . If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted.Google reCAPTCHAWe use “Google reCAPTCHA” (hereinafter “reCAPTCHA”) on our websites. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”) The purpose of reCAPTCHA is to check whether the data entry on our websites (eg in a contact form) is by a person or by an automated program he follows. For this purpose, reCAPTCHA analyzes the behavior of the website visitor based on various characteristics. This analysis begins automatically as soon as the website visitor enters the website. For analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates various information (e.g. IP address, length of time the website visitor stays on the website or mouse movements made by the user). The data collected during the analysis is passed on to Google, and the reCAPTCHA analyzes run completely in the background. Website visitors are not advised that an analysis is taking place. Data processing is based on Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in protecting its websites from abusive automated spying and SPAM. For more information on Google reCAPTCHA and Google's privacy policy, please see the following links: https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies / privacy / and https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/android.html.6. If you would like to receive the newsletter offered on the website, we need an email address from you as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the email address provided and that you agree to receive the newsletter . No further data is collected, or only on a voluntary basis. We only use this data to send the requested information and do not pass it on to third parties. The data entered in the newsletter registration form is processed exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 a GDPR). You can revoke your consent to the storage of the data, the e-mail address and its use for sending the newsletter at any time, for example via the "unsubscribe" link in the newsletter. The legality of the data processing operations that have already taken place remains unaffected by the revocation. The data you have stored with us for the purpose of subscribing to the newsletter will be saved by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter and deleted after you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Data that we have stored for other purposes (e.g. e-mail addresses for the member area) remain unaffected by this. CleverElements This website uses CleverElements to send newsletters. The provider is CleverElements GmbH, Prinzessinnenstr. 19-20, 10969 Berlin (Germany) .CleverElements is a service with which, among other things, the dispatch of newsletters can be organized and analyzed. The data you have entered for the purpose of subscribing to the newsletter will be stored on CleverElements' servers in Germany. For this purpose, we provide a corresponding link in every newsletter message. You can also unsubscribe from the newsletter directly on the website. Data analysis by CleverElements With the help of CleverElements, we are able to analyze our newsletter campaigns. Among other things, we can see whether a newsletter message has been opened and which links have been clicked on. In this way we can determine which links were clicked particularly often.CleverElements also allows us to divide the newsletter recipients according to different recipient categories (e.g. place of residence). In this way, the newsletters can be better adapted to the respective target groups. Detailed information on the functions of CleverElements can be found at the following link: https://cleverelements.com/product.Legal basisData processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR). You can withdraw this consent at any time. The legality of the data processing operations that have already taken place remains unaffected by the revocation deleted from CleverElements. Data that we have stored for other purposes (e.g. e-mail addresses for the member area) remain unaffected. Conclusion of a contract for order data processing. We have concluded a contract with CleverElements in which we oblige CleverElements to protect our customers' data and not to pass them on to third parties. Plugins and ToolsYouTubeOur website uses plugins from the Google-operated YouTube site. The website is operated by YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. If you visit one of our pages equipped with a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers will be established. The YouTube server is informed which of our pages you have visited. If you are logged into your YouTube account, you enable YouTube to assign your surfing behavior directly to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account. YouTube is used in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Further information on the handling of user data can be found in YouTube's data protection declaration at: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.Google Web Fonts This page uses so-called web for the uniform display of fonts Fonts provided by Google. When you visit a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache in order to display texts and fonts correctly. For this purpose, the browser you are using must connect to the Google servers. This gives Google knowledge that our website has been accessed via your IP address. Google Web Fonts are used in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font will be used by your computer. Further information on Google web fonts can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google's data protection declaration: https : //www.google.com/policies/privacy/.Google MapsThis page uses the Google Maps map service via an API. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. To use the functions of Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this page has no influence on this data transmission. The use of Google Maps is in the interest of an appealing presentation of our online offers and to make it easier to find the places we have indicated on the website. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. More information on the handling of user data can be found in Google's data protection declaration: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/. 24 hours hotline: 040 - 87 50 12 47info @ hs- smartrepair.dewww.hs-smartrepair.deAlsterdorfer Str. 218, 22297 HamburgMo. - Fri. 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Saturday 9:00 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. First name, last name Mandatory field Your email address Mandatory field Your telephone number Mandatory field Your message Mandatory field Captcha unfortunately failed Your message has been sent successfully © 2017 H&S Smartrepair GmbH This website uses cookies to improve user friendliness.I understand.More information.