All you need to know about the smart repair method MenuHomeFuhrparkLeasingrückläuferSmartrepairDellenentfernungFelgenreparaturSteinschlagLackschadenUnfallschadenLackierarbeitenKarosserieinstandsetzungVersicherungsabwicklungOnline Claim Report Contact About unsDownloadsNewsletterSmartrepair-WikiDatenschutzImpressum × HomeFuhrparkLeasingrückläuferSmartrepairDellenentfernungFelgenreparaturSteinschlagLackschadenUnfallschadenLackierarbeitenKarosserieinstandsetzungVersicherungsabwicklungOnline Claim Report Contact About unsDownloadsNewsletterSmartrepair-WikiDatenschutzImpressum × Smart Repair wikis Mart Repair is the most effective repair method for small to medium damage to Kraftfahrzeugen.Die cost of smart repair method are reduced to a Minimal volume, since in contrast to conventional workshop repairs, damage can be carried out selectively and usually without dismantling. Lacquer lacquer is a liquid or powder coating material that d nn is applied to objects, and is built up by chemical or physical processes (for example, evaporation of the solvent) to form a continuous, solid film. Paints usually consist of binders, pigments, solvents, fillers and additives. The three main tasks of paints are: * protection (protective effect, e.g. protective coating, protective varnish), * decoration (optical effect, e.g. a specific one) Color effect) and * function (special surface properties, e.g. changed electrical conductivity). According to estimates, around 28 billion liters of paint worth 92 billion US dollars were produced worldwide in 2007. [1] Coating under coating ) In manufacturing technology, a main group of manufacturing processes according to DIN 8580 is understood, which are used to apply a firmly adhering layer of formless material to the surface of a workpiece. The corresponding process and the applied layer itself is also referred to as a coating. A coating can be a thin layer or a thick layer as well as several coherent layers, the distinction is not precisely defined and is based on the coating method and application. The coating processes differ in the type of layer application in chemical, mechanical, thermal and thermomechanical processes. Solvents A solvent (also: solvent) is a substance that can dissolve or dilute gases, other liquids or solids without it becoming too hot chemical reactions between the solute and the solvent occurs. As a rule, liquids such as water or liquid organic substances are used to dissolve other substances. But solids can also dissolve other substances (e.g. hydrogen gases from hydrogen cars dissolve gaseous hydrogen in solid metal). Film / thin layers Thin layers are thin layers of solid substances in the Micro or nanometer range. These thin layers often show a physical behavior (strength, electrical conductivity, etc.) that deviates from the solid body made of the same material. In this way, properties can be achieved that are not otherwise available. Thin layers are used in surface finishing and microelectronics. Binding agents Binding agents are substances through which solids with a fine degree of division (e.g. powder) are bonded to one another or to a base. Binders are usually added to the fillers to be bound in liquid form. Both substances are mixed intensively so that they are distributed evenly and all particles of the filler are evenly wetted with the binder. The type of binder can give the filler new processing and material properties. Pigments Pigments (Latin pigmentum for "color", "make-up") are coloring substances that are used technically. In contrast to dyes, however, pigments are insoluble in the application medium. Application medium refers to the substance into which the pigment is incorporated, for example a lacquer or a plastic. Dyes and pigments belong together to the colorants and can be inorganic or organic, colorful or achromatic. [1] In biology, the term pigment refers to all coloring substances in a living organism. From a technical point of view, these are colorants. In addition to the chemical structure itself, the properties of the pigments are also decisive for solid-state properties, such as the crystal structure, the crystal modification, the particle size and the particle size distribution, i.e. the specific surface. The color stimulus itself arises from absorption and remission (scattering and / or reflection) of certain frequency components of visible light. Pigments are used, for example, in paints, emulsion paints, printing inks (in three or four-color printing on paper), as a coating pigment (white pigments) and as a filler during manufacture and refinement of paper, in the coloring of plastics, in artists' colors and crayons, in printing on textiles and in special applications such as cosmetics or candles. Fillers Fillers are additives that increase the volume of a mixture of substances, usually without the essential properties to change. Worldwide, over 50 million tons of fillers with a total value of approx. 25 billion euros are used annually for the various areas of application such as paper, plastics, rubber, paints and adhesives. Fillers are one of the most important raw materials and are contained in a variety of articles for everyday use. Additives Additives (lat. Additivum "added, enclosed"), also auxiliaries or additives are additives that are added to products in small quantities to certain To achieve or improve properties. Additives are used to achieve a positive effect on production, storage, processing or product properties during and after the use phase. Spraying and spraying The most common types of application in the paint industry are spraying and spraying. Pressure sprayers are used for spraying, which apply the paint using a compressor in low pressure (0.5 - 1 bar), high pressure (2 - 8 bar) or airless spraying (60-350 bar). Paintless dent removal technique Paintless dent removal technique is a technique for repairing small dents in vehicles, for example caused by hail or parking damage. It is carried out by specialists who are colloquially known as dent or dell doctor or pusher using special tools. The body part in question does not have to be painted after bulging, which means that the costs are lower. The spot repair of paint damage is called spot repair. Dent removal companies are mostly partner companies of car insurance companies that use paint damage-free dent removal technology as a calculation basis for hail damage repair. According to a ruling by the Higher Regional Court in Karlsruhe, workshops are required to use this method to remove damage. Lever technology Lever technology has been around in large automobile factories since around 1970, where small dents that occurred during production were removed without repainting. This technique was later introduced into the automotive repair industry.Dell pressing With the technique of pressing Dell, the dents are pressed out from the back of the sheet with the help of specially bent steel rods. In order to find the exact point on the opposite side of the dent when working, special lamps, shields or boards are used. With the help of the reflection, these aids project parallel lines onto the paintwork of the vehicle. If the reflection of the parallel lines is placed over the dent, distortions can be seen. By gently and deliberately pressing on the back of the dent, it is pushed back until the lines run parallel again. Adhesive technology In recent years, adhesive technology has been increasingly used, which is somewhat more complex, but also the processing of inaccessible components on the vehicle such as roof frames enables. An adapter with special hot glue is applied to the painted surface and pulled using a pulling hammer or pliers. The sheet metal to be machined deforms back. Auto Insurance Auto Insurance Auto colloquial is understood to mean various insurance policies related to a car. In addition to the insurance of cars, the insurance of other motorized vehicles also belongs to the scope of car insurance. Motor vehicle liability insurance A motor vehicle liability insurance is a (for vehicles subject to registration) statutory insurance (compulsory insurance), which covers the claims for damages that a third party has caused by the company of a motor vehicle in road traffic (liability for hazards). The damage can be caused, for example, by a traffic accident that is the fault of the driver of a motor vehicle of the insured person or for the consequences of which he is responsible regardless of fault. Motor vehicle liability insurance law is largely standardized in the European Union, but the legally prescribed maximum compensation amounts in the EU -States still significantly different from each other. Comprehensive insurance Comprehensive insurance (from Spanish casco "helmet") is insurance against damage to the vehicle of the insured. It pays for the destruction, damage or loss of the vehicle (car, boat). With auto insurance, a distinction is made between comprehensive insurance and comprehensive insurance. In contrast to motor vehicle liability insurance, comprehensive insurance is not compulsory in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The boat hull is not dealt with here. Spot-Repair Spot-Repair is a smart repair method of repairing paint damage to vehicles. Small to medium damage to the paintwork on the vehicle surface is repaired in a targeted and selective manner. The repair is almost always carried out directly on the vehicle without dismantling the parts to be repaired. Special paint mixing systems allow the best possible approximation to the original color. The aim of spot repair is to have the repair as perfect as possible with the least possible effort. Painting is carried out with special spray guns with so-called spot repair nozzles (sizes from 0.8 to 1.4 mm). Advantages of this technology are: * short workshop time * cost savings * lower material consumption, therefore more environmentally friendly * possibly mobile service possible Rims / rims Colloquially, the wheel of a car without the car tire. In the true sense, the rim only designates the outer ring, which is connected to the wheel flange by the wheel rim. Today, however, these are made from one piece. Materials Car rims are today either made from rolled steel or cast or forged from light metal. Steel rims are usually cheaper, but are usually less visually appealing than light alloy rims. In some cases the unsprung mass is reduced when using aluminum rims, the response behavior of the suspension is better. However, since high-strength steels are used today that manage with correspondingly smaller wall thicknesses, the weight advantage has recently frequently changed in favor of the steel rim. Steel rims are often used in commercial vehicles, while those made of fiber composite material (CFRP or aramid fiber, colloquially called carbon or Kevlar) are often used in motorcycles. Steel rim The most commonly used steel rim is a so-called disc wheel and usually consists of the rim themselves (for spoke wheels this part is often called "rim tape") and the wheel disc or wheel disc. Today's rims are made of hot-rolled steel with a high yield strength (> 600 MPa), as is the wheel disc. Both are welded in sections from the inside, since the component would warp if the weld were continuous. The position of the weld seams is selected so that (seen in the sectional view) they lie in the zero crossing of the alternating voltage that occurs under dynamic driving loads. This ensures a (vital) fatigue strength, which is particularly critical for weld seams. A distinction must be made here between one-piece and multi-piece rims. One-piece alloy rims consist of a single piece of metal, while multi-piece rims consist, for example, of a rim well and rim rim, which are screwed together. In the production process, light-alloy rims are usually covered with a matt silver lacquer layer and a clear lacquer layer, or more rarely with a darker lacquer, possibly in body color. So-called chrome alloy rims, which are given a high-gloss surface by means of galvanization instead of painting, are particularly popular in the tuning scene. Alloy wheels generally do not offer significantly improved driving performance, greater safety or comfort; ultimately they serve primarily the external appearance of a vehicle. In exceptional cases, such as expensive one-piece magnesium rims, the unsprung masses are reduced, which can have a positive impact on driving behavior. In rare cases, the use of large-sized aluminum rims can improve the cooling of the brakes (greater air permeability compared to a typical steel rim), which is why some manufacturers of vehicles or braking systems stipulate the use of alloy rims in more powerful models, at least for summer tires, and less often for winter tires. If the brake system requires a rim with a diameter of at least 18 inches, as is the case with some current sports cars, there is only the option of using alloy rims with winter tires. In older vehicle registrations there was a note that only light alloy rims may be installed, whereby a distinction was also made between summer and winter wheels. Corrosion resistance is particularly problematic with inexpensive light alloy rims. Especially winter weather conditions and the associated use of the de-icing salt, sand or grit scattering material can damage the paint layer and thus lead to corrosion. In recent years, however, special "winter aluminum rims" have been increasingly offered. These are characterized by an increased impact, impact and scratch resistance of the paint compared to standard alloy wheels and thus also an improved corrosion resistance. Unless the "original" alloy wheels provided by the manufacturer of a motor vehicle are used The permissibility in road traffic depends on whether they are accompanied by a general operating permit (ABE) or whether they have been entered in the vehicle documents. Aluminum rims can be repaired if the degree of damage permits. First and foremost, only 2- or 3-piece rims can be repaired. The outer bed or the inner bed is exchanged here. When carrying out the repair, it is particularly important to also replace the rim bolts, as these are designed as expansion bolts. The use of old rim bolts (these are usually designed as M7 bolts) is not permitted. Numerous companies are now dealing with rim repair. One-piece rims can only be treated superficially (polishing the surface). In the event of gross damage and (deep) cracks, however, the rim must be replaced. Modern repair companies often use X-ray equipment to determine the damage. Special shapes A special shape of a commercial vehicle rim that is hardly common today is the Trilex rim, which is divided into three uneven segments. When changing the wheel, the wheel spider (comparable to the wheel disc in a car) can remain on the vehicle, only the actual rim (in this case sometimes also called "wheel rim") has to be dismantled. 24 hours hotline: 040 - 87 50 12 47info @ hs -smartrepair.dewww.hs-smartrepair.deAlsterdorfer Str. 218, 22297 HamburgMo. - Fri. 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Saturday 9:00 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. First name, last name Mandatory field Your email address Mandatory field Your telephone number Mandatory field Your message Mandatory field Captcha unfortunately failed Your message has been sent successfully © 2017 H&S Smartrepair GmbH This website uses cookies to improve user friendliness.I understand.More information.