AUTO PLUS BULGARIA AD Home About us Products Promotions Retail network CUSTOMER LOGIN Privacy and privacy policy This privacy and data protection policy aims to explain what data we collect about you and how we process it when you use our website. , various functions of the customer portal and in case of physical or telephone contact with our store network, which is published on the first page of our website. In collecting this information, we act as a data controller and the Act - General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) requires us to provide you with information about us, how we use your data and your rights, which you have on them. Who are we? We are Auto Plus Bulgaria AD with UIC 175015889. Our address is Sofia, PK 1151, 370 Okolovrasten pat Str. You can contact us at the above postal address, by e-mail at [email protected] or by phone 02/4015500, short national number * 7587 at the price on your tariff plan. The company has a relationship with a group of companies with which it has jointly determined the purposes and means of personal data processing and within the meaning of Article 26 of the General Regulation on Personal Data Protection (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) has regulated its internal rules and policy according to the principles of Joint Data Controllers. We have a contract with a data protection officer, responsible for all issues concerning the lawful processing of personal data and the implementation of the rights of subjects, which are provided by law. Do not hesitate to contact him by phone 02/4015520 or by e-mail [email protected] When you visit our website and our cookie policy When you visit our website to view our products and services and learn the information which we provide, we use cookies to ensure the functionality of the website, to protect systems and users from malicious actions of third parties and to improve the user experience. Some of the cookies we use are absolutely necessary for the operation of our website and we do not want your consent to send them to your computer. We do not rely on cookies to identify the language in which the site needs to be loaded, the screen resolution used, to dynamically reconfigure the operating system, browser and end device used. We do not process data for the purpose of identity identification, profiling or automatic generation of personalized content or advertising messages, as well as systematic monitoring through logs or other statistical tools. If you decide to exclude the use of cookies for our site or to use "hidden" modes of your browser, this will not lead to a significant violation in the display of information. All requests to our site are processed and validated by Cloudflare, whose host systems are located in the EU and for the purpose of providing optimized and secure content use automated mechanisms for recognition and analysis of requests. Cloudflare does not record or process personally identifiable information and does not send cookies that can retrieve or record personal information. It is possible in the process of work to receive cookies only in order to verify the authenticity and correctness of requests to our website and protect our systems and you as users from illegal and malicious actions of third parties, as well as systematic identification of the configuration used, to offer faster and optimal content loading. Auto Plus Bulgaria AD has limited access to the database with Cloudflare records and uses it only in conditions of regulated access and absolute confidentiality and in the absence of the opportunity to sell or disclose to third parties, except when it may be required by a legally established competent authority for further analysis and processing or when we have to defend our rights in legal proceedings. Data records are stored for a period of 30 days and are deleted automatically. Due to the complex nature and high-tech aspects of the system, we believe that it is impossible to define all possible processing of personal data that may occur when using the service and in this sense we ask you to familiarize yourself with Cloudflare's data protection policies. address: https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/ We use this processing on the basis of our legitimate interest to offer access to our site in conditions of optimal operation and secure communication, as well as to protect our users and their personal data and service third-party malware systems. When you submit a request or inquiry for products and services to our official e-mail When you send an inquiry or request to our e-mail address, we would process your name, contact telephone number and record your e-mail address. We use this information to respond to your request, including providing you with requested information about our products and services or answering a question you have asked. We may send you an email several times after your request to clarify the details of your request and / or to track whether we have satisfied the request to the fullest. We will do this in order to identify you in relation to the contractual and pre-contractual obligations we have to you. We do not use the information provided by you to make automatic decisions or build an account, as well as for the purposes of subsequent marketing campaigns (direct sales). The collected data are used only for the legal purposes of their processing within the management of the company and are not provided to third parties and do not participate in international data transfers. We store the data from the applications for a period of one year, after which we delete them with a procedure according to the regulatory requirements. All shared but unsolicited or outside of the specified purposes and legally defined data will be returned to the sender / applicant or deleted without delay, and in any such act we have the obligation to notify you. When using our customer portal / Login to the catalog / We offer access to the catalog with our products and services only for legal entities whose data are not subject to regulation by Regulation (EU) 2016/679, but in the course of registration and use it is possible processing of categories of personal data that could lead to personalization of the individual. We make systematic efforts to reduce this possibility to the technologically possible minimum. Upon registration, we are interested in the UIC number of the company that submits an application for registration, a business phone number for dialing a confirmation and at the system level we perform analysis with "artificial intelligence" algorithms to determine the validity of the submitted information. For the purposes of the analysis, the sender's IP address is used to check whether he is included in "prohibited lists" and whether he shows or has shown "unacceptable behavior" according to data sources provided by specialized services to prevent abuse and fraud on the Internet. On this basis, we perform automatic real-time calculations and decide whether to allow or deny registration. In the course of working with our catalog, we process statistical and system data in order to adapt and offer the most appropriate information about our products and services. As a rule, these data are processed and related only to legal entities, but if the user decides to provide his access data to individuals who are not representatives of the legal entity and are not registered as valid users in the contracts, then we cannot be responsible for the unintentional collection of data concerning individuals, except where we establish this and take all technically possible measures to limit the processing. In case of forgotten passwords or access codes, we require the legal entity to provide an official telephone number and company name and the restoration of access is organized in a telephone conversation during working hours. We process this data in the context of our contractual and pre-contractual relationships that require your identification. We process your IP address and access code for security and to prevent abuse and within our legitimate interest in providing the service. You can object to the automatic decision-making and profiling by filling in the form of the rights of the data subjects, which can be found at https://autoplus.bg/content/aplus-pd-rights.pdf We use the information provided by the person to make automatic decisions or build an account. The collected data are used only for the legal purposes of their collection and within the company and may be inadvertently disclosed to IT consulting companies responsible for the maintenance and development of the system. Such disclosure of data shall be carried out only in the presence of a valid reason for this and on the basis of a written agreement for the recipients to provide an adequate level of protection of the disclosed data and conditions of confidentiality. The data are not transferred outside the Republic of Bulgaria. We store data on the duration of our contracts with you. Online identifiers are stored for a period of 1 month. After the expiration of this period we delete the data with a procedure according to the normative requirements. All data that we identify as unsolicited or outside the specified purposes and legally defined requirements will be returned to the sender or deleted without delay, and in any such act we have the obligation to notify you. When you visit or call our store or store network When you make an inquiry for goods or services in our store or store in our store network, which is published on the first page of our website we will ask for your name, phone or email address , as well as a physical address, in case you want us to deliver goods. We may need the unique identifier of your or another car (frame number) so that we can make a correct selection of the products we are looking for. If you wish to enter into a contract for the supply of goods and services with us, we will acquaint you with the details of our terms and policies and will probably ask you for additional information. This data is necessary to meet the legal requirements (CPA) and contractual and pre-contractual relations with you, as well as our legitimate interest in offering the right items according to your demand. When visiting our site you can be filmed by technical means for video surveillance. We do this for your and our security and for security purposes. We will inform you properly, through information boards about the areas with active video surveillance and we will provide you with the opportunity to contact us without being the subject of video recording. In cases when deferred payments or special financial relations are agreed for the purposes of concluding a contract, your data may be subject to non-automatic decision-making and / or profiling. We will be sure to explain the details of this procedure to you and give you the opportunity to object before we have processed data regarding your identity in the absence of a violation of your rights and freedoms. These actions are required in connection with our legitimate interest in guaranteeing payments for the goods and services provided. The collected data are used only for the legal purposes of their collection, and can be disclosed to consulting companies, banking institutions, insurance agencies, appraisers, postal or courier companies. Such disclosure shall take place only if there is a valid reason to do so and on the basis of a written agreement that the recipients provide an adequate level of protection for the disclosed data. International transfers of this data are not possible. We store data on the duration of the established contract or other legally required period (whichever is longer). The car identification numbers are deleted immediately after the execution of the sales contract or if you do not wish to keep them for your convenience in subsequent sales. The video surveillance recordings are kept for 30 days and you can receive a copy of the recording, if this is technically possible without infringing the rights and freedoms of other individuals. After the expiration of these periods we delete the data with a procedure according to the regulatory requirements. All data that we identify as unsolicited or outside the specified purposes and regulatory requirements will be returned to the sender or deleted without delay, and in any such act we have the obligation to notify you. How we store and process your data Your data is processed on paper and electronically. Paper media are stored in specialized rooms, equipped according to the requirements of the applicable standards. Access to the premises is regulated by internal rules and policies and technical means. We have reliable systems for prevention of the occurrence and spread of fires and basic resilience in the middle class of natural disasters. The data in electronic form is stored in a structured database or file format, which is maintained on our own server systems located in the EU, meeting the latest requirements for secure and regulated storage of information in electronic format. We guarantee that we have reliable systems for protection of your data through strict control of regulated access to service components, firewall of "next generation", encrypted point-to-point connectivity, encrypted data archiving with the ability to recover up to 8 hours from the occurrence of incident on the integrity, integrity and processing of the data, the existence of a system that monitors for "leakage" and illegal access to personal data with the possibility of automatic response to the generated threat. We maintain a copy of the electronic data archive at a second location to ensure the recovery of the data in their entirety in the event that our main archive suffers damage caused by natural disasters and fires. We maintain the necessary contracts with experts to maintain the entire ecosystem with a response time of up to 24 hours from the occurrence and knowledge of an event that threatens the security and confidentiality of data. For children We do not collect data on children (the age limit is defined in the Act). If you are under the age limit, please do not use our services and do not provide us with any personal data. If you are a parent of a child under the age limit and you are aware that your child has provided personal data to Auto Plus Bulgaria AD, please contact us at the addresses provided. If we find that we have collected children's personal data, we will take reasonable steps to delete the personal data. Your rights as a data subject By law, you can ask us what information we have about you and you can ask us to correct it if it is inaccurate. We may provide you with a copy of all information within the scope of your personal data in a machine-readable form so that you can transfer it to another company without difficulty. If we process your personal data collected and processed with your explicit and registered consent or in accordance with a legitimate interest, you may request that your data be deleted, withdraw your consent or object to our legitimate interest in processing. You have the right to want us to stop using your data for a period of time if you believe we are not doing so legally. To request your personal information by email, mail or telephone, please use the contact information provided above in the "Who we are" section of these rules or fill out the online form to enforce the rights of data, which is available on our website at https://autoplus.bg/content/aplus-pd-rights.pdf. We will assist you at every stage of the exercise of your rights as data subjects in the shortest possible time and never longer than thirty calendar days. You can contact our official on the request of the data by phone 02/4015520 or e-mail [email protected] We can usually generate a response within 20 days after a registered request. If a longer period is objectively necessary - in order to collect all the requested data and this seriously complicates our activity, this period can be extended to thirty days. With our decision we give or deny access to the information requested by the applicant, but we always motivate our answer. В случай, ще не сте удовлетворени от нашия отговор и всички други средства за намиране на решение са изчерпани вие имате право да подадете жалба до компетентния национален надзорен орган за защита на данните КЗЛД, на адрес бул. „Проф. Цветан Лазаров” № 2, гр. София или на телефон 02/91-53-518 и ел. поща [email protected] или пред регулаторен орган, в рамките на ЕС. Актуализации на тази политика за защита на личните данни Ние редовно преглеждаме и, ако е нужно, актуализираме тази политика за защита на личните данни. Ако искаме да използваме вашите лични данни по начин, който не сме идентифицирали по-рано, ние ще се свържем с вас, за да предоставим информация за това и, ако е необходимо, да поискаме вашето съгласие. Ще актуализираме номера на версията и датата на този документ всеки път, когато бъде променен. Тази Политика за защита на личните данни е актуализирана за последен път на 01.05.2018г. If you're here, it means ... You love your car. USEFUL LINKS ATR membership Certificates Catalogs - brochures - links Trade network Personal data Rights of the subjects Privacy control AUTO PLUS BULGARIA AD Sofia, PK 1151, 370 Okolovrasten pat Str. Sofia, 35 Okolovrasten 15 str. ] BG175015889