Data protection declaration »Autohaus Scheel GmbH Home New EU vehicles Used vehicles Service Company Contact Data protection declaration General information and mandatory information Name of the responsible body The responsible body for data processing on this website is: Autohaus Scheel GmbHClaus Christian ScheelHans-Böckler-Ring 1 22851 Norderstedt The responsible body decides alone or together with others about the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names, contact details, etc.). Revocation of your consent to data processing Some data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time. An informal notification by email is sufficient for the revocation. The legality of the data processing carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. Right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority As a data subject, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority in the event of a data protection violation. The responsible supervisory authority for data protection issues is the state data protection officer of the federal state in which our company is based. The following link provides a list of data protection officers and their contact details: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html. Right to data portability You have the right to have data that we process automatically based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract handed over to yourself or to third parties. It is provided in a machine-readable format. If you request the direct transfer of the data to another person responsible, this will only take place if it is technically feasible. Right to information, correction, blocking, deletion You have the right to free information about your stored personal data, origin of the data, its recipient and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, a right to correction, blocking or at any time within the scope of the applicable legal provisions Deletion of this data. You can contact us at any time using the contact options listed in the imprint if you have any further questions about personal data. Server log files The provider of the website automatically collects and stores information that your browser automatically transmits to us in server log files. These are: Date and time of the server request Browser type and browser version Operating system used Referrer URL Host name of the accessing computer IP address There is no merging of this data with other data sources. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures. Contact form Data transmitted via the contact form, including your contact details, will be stored in order to process your request or to be available for follow-up questions. This data will not be passed on without your consent. The data entered in the contact form will only be processed on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR). You can withdraw your consent at any time. An informal notification by email is sufficient for the revocation. The legality of the data processing operations carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. Data transmitted via the contact form will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or there is no longer any need for data storage. Mandatory legal provisions - especially retention periods - remain unaffected. Cookies Our website uses cookies. These are small text files that your web browser stores on your device. Cookies help us to make our website more user-friendly, effective and secure. Some cookies are "session cookies." Such cookies are automatically deleted after the end of your browser session. On the other hand, other cookies remain on your device until you delete them yourself. Such cookies help us to recognize you when you return to our website. With a modern web browser, you can monitor, restrict or prevent the setting of cookies. Many web browsers can be configured so that cookies are deleted automatically when the program is closed. Deactivating cookies can result in limited functionality of our website. The setting of cookies, which are necessary for the exercise of electronic communication processes or the provision of certain functions desired by you (e.g. shopping cart), is based on Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. As the operator of this website, we have a legitimate interest in storing cookies for the technically error-free and smooth provision of our services. If other cookies are set (e.g. for analysis functions), these are treated separately in this data protection declaration. Google Analytics Our website uses functions of the web analytics service Google Analytics. The provider of the web analysis service is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Analytics uses "cookies." These are small text files that your web browser saves on your device and enable an analysis of website use. Information about your use of our website generated by cookies is transmitted to a Google server and stored there. The server location is usually the USA. Google Analytics cookies are set on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. As the operator of this website, we have a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize our website and possibly also advertising. IP anonymization We use Google Analytics in conjunction with the IP anonymization function. It ensures that Google shortens your IP address within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area before it is transmitted to the USA. There may be exceptional cases in which Google transmits the full IP address to a server in the USA and shortens it there. On our behalf, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to create reports on website activities and to provide us with other services related to website and internet use. The IP address transmitted by Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data. Browser plugin The setting of cookies by your web browser can be prevented. However, some functions of our website could be restricted. You can also prevent the collection of data regarding your website usage, including your IP address and subsequent processing by Google. This is possible by downloading and installing the browser plug-in that can be accessed via the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. Objection to data collection You can prevent Google Analytics from collecting your data by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie is set that prevents the collection of your data on future visits to our website: Deactivate Google Analytics. You can find details on the handling of user data at Google Analytics in Google's data protection declaration: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de. Order processing In order to fully meet the legal data protection requirements, we have concluded a contract with Google for order processing. Demographic characteristics in Google Analytics Our website uses the "demographic characteristics" function of Google Analytics. It can be used to create reports that contain information on the age, gender and interests of website visitors. This data comes from interest-based advertising from Google and visitor data from third-party providers. It is not possible to assign the data to a specific person. You can deactivate this function at any time. This is possible via the ad settings in your Google account or by generally prohibiting the collection of your data by Google Analytics, as explained in the section “Objection to data collection”. Source: Data protection configurator from mein-datenschutzbeauftragter.de Autohaus Scheel GmbH Hans-Böckler-Ring 1 22851 Norderstedt Customer service 040/524 85 56 Sales 040/524 85 95 Fax 040/524 83 98 Email info AT autohausscheel DOT de Opening times: Mon - Fri: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa: 10 a.m. - 1 p.m. © 2020 Autohaus Scheel GmbH Your Seat and Skoda partner in the north of Hamburg! Customer service: +49 (0) 40 24222422 ContactImprintData protection