New EU vehicles »Autohaus Scheel GmbH Home New EU vehicles Used vehicles Service Company Contact New EU vehicles We have been trading with new EU vehicles from all over Europe for more than 20 years. Over the years we have built up a reliable network of brokers and dealers in many European countries and have acquired the knowledge necessary to save our and our customers unpleasant surprises in connection with this very complex topic. Regardless of whether you are looking for a vehicle quickly or you prefer to order a vehicle ex works according to your wishes. We have the right solution for you! We would be happy to advise you on site about the corresponding options and answer all your questions about new EU cars. We have constant access to hundreds of new vehicles across Europe. In the best case scenario, you can take over one of these vehicles from us after one week of purchase. When ordering, we compare the prices and equipment of different importers in order to filter out the cheapest offer for you. The conclusion of the purchase contract is far from over. Our actual "all-round support" is just beginning here. We want you to remain loyal to us as a customer for a long time. For this reason, we offer you the purchase of an EU new car together with the handling of possible future warranty services and service or maintenance work from a single source. Our personal support focuses on you with your new vehicle. You are welcome to use our contact form for an individual vehicle inquiry. You can find a selection of interesting models that are available immediately on site! Of course, we can also provide you with an individual financing or leasing offer on request. We look forward to your inquiry or your visit to our site! Autohaus Scheel GmbH Hans-Böckler-Ring 1 22851 Norderstedt Customer Service 040/524 85 56 Sales 040/524 85 95 Fax 040/524 83 98 E-Mail info AT autohausscheel DOT de Opening times: Mon - Fri: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sat: 10 a.m. - 1 p.m. © 2020 Autohaus Scheel GmbH Your Seat and Skoda partner in the north of Hamburg! Customer service: +49 (0) 40 24222422 ContactImprintData protection