Service and guarantee work »Autohaus Scheel GmbH Home New EU vehicles Used vehicles Service Company Contact Service and guarantee work Inspection service and wear repairs We are happy to assist you with our modern equipped workshop and our competent and motivated team for all inspection and maintenance work on your SEAT or Skoda Available. Our test devices are always state-of-the-art and the inspections are always carried out according to all specifications of the manufacturers. Our staff is continuously trained to take account of innovations in the technical area. In addition to the inspection service, we also take care of the due brake fluid service and all wear repairs on your vehicle. These include e.g. checking and, if necessary, renewing the brake linings and brake discs, but also replacing the windscreen, parts of the exhaust system and the tires. Just ask us if we can also look after your brand. We look forward to your call. Window repairs and window replacement Also with us a window repair is compared to a complete window replacement e.g. in the event of a rock fall, if the windshield can be repaired. In addition to the complete processing and settlement with your insurance (you do not have to worry about anything), a window repair with existing comprehensive insurance does not affect your damage-free discount. There is therefore no "upgrade" at your insurance company. In addition, a repair is usually necessary for you in this case. also completely free! This means that not even the often existing excess of the comprehensive insurance (e.g. in the amount of 150 euros) is due. We always check for you whether the windshield can be repaired before we replace the entire windshield. So you can be sure that we will first check the cheapest and fastest repair option for you. In addition to the classic stone chip damage, we of course also repair all burglary damage in which the side or rear windows usually have to be replaced. Tire service Do you need new tires, rims or winter complete wheels for your vehicle or do you want to upgrade your car with chic new summer complete wheels? We are happy to advise you on this and carry out all necessary work. We are usually supplied within 24 hours and can procure and assemble tires and rims for almost all brands at reasonable prices. If you want, we can also take care of “towing” your tires and wheels. We offer our tire storage from a complete price of € 22.49 per wheel and wheel change date. This price includes washing the wheels in special wheel washing machines, balancing the wheels, mounting the wheels on the vehicle, checking your wheels for damage, age and tread depth and insurance against theft (at the current value) for the time of storage. TÜV / AU service Your advantages with us: free or inexpensive replacement car service for the time of the workshop stay including free advance check in our workshop including any additional work will be coordinated with you prior to execution by telephone or ideally personally as part of the joint acceptance of your vehicle Complete prices (currently 117.30 euros, including the AU test and the services described) Timely reminder of the upcoming TÜV / AU test by reminder letter If the TÜV acceptance and emission test on your vehicle is due, we offer you a cost-effective all-round service Service. We carry out the exhaust gas analysis in our company on your vehicle and already check all points on your vehicle that are also checked by the TÜV. This offers you the great advantage that you will save unnecessary additional charges in any case, because we can identify possible defects in advance and discuss them with you and, if you wish, we can also remedy them. In the meantime, stay mobile with one of our free or inexpensive replacement cars, which we will of course make available to you for this day. Ideally, we can identify and discuss possible TÜV defects as part of a joint vehicle acceptance with you ("dialogue acceptance"). A precise completion date can be narrowed down in almost all cases and you will get to know your vehicle from a completely different perspective. If we have saved your vehicle data with us, you will receive a reminder letter from us in good time before the TÜV / AU due date. Accident repair including complete handling You can count on us even in the event of an accident! Thanks to our complete accident damage processing, we relieve you of a lot of trouble and inconvenience. In addition to the preparation of cost estimates, this also includes the assignment and appointment of an independent expert, if you wish. On request, we can also take over the complete correspondence with the insurance company for you, as well as the handling including the settlement. During the repair of your vehicle, we will keep you up to date on how far the repair has progressed and when your vehicle will be available again. Accident replacement vehicles can be made available to us on site and returned after the repair. Painting work Painting work is done by us by a master hand. Not only in the context of accident damage, but also when it comes to general paint damage. Seasonal checks We offer seasonal checks for your vehicle at regular intervals so that you can be on the safe side between inspections or before a longer journey. This gives you a good opportunity to have your vehicle checked at an affordable price. It is also an inexpensive way to prevent major repairs. By default, as a customer of our company, you will be contacted by mail once in spring and once in autumn for the respective "spring check" or "winter check" if we have saved your contact details with us. In the summer months you can e.g. use our "Vacation Check" before a longer vacation trip. In autumn, when it gets dark earlier, it is always advisable to carry out a “light test”, which is even free of charge for you. Air conditioning service To ensure that your air conditioning system is fully functional in summer, we of course also offer you all possible maintenance work here. In addition to a purely functional test in which the outlet temperature of the air conditioning system is measured and checked, this also includes a complete air conditioning system inspection. As part of this inspection, the refrigerant is completely evacuated to check for a possible loss of refrigerant. If this is the case, the system is replenished with sufficient refrigerant when it is refilled. This check is not only necessary to ensure the full cooling capacity from time to time, but also to maintain the general lubrication of the components of the air conditioning system. They also prevent possible damage to the air conditioning compressor. If the refrigerant loss is above average, we also check your air conditioning system for leaks and rectify them according to the findings and after consultation with you. We also offer disinfection of the air conditioning system. This usually makes sense if you notice unpleasant smells from the fan in the interior. Disinfection kills the bacteria in the entire blower system, which leads to significantly more pleasant air in the interior of your vehicle. Call back service / SMS and email service Do you know this? You have a question that cannot be answered immediately. You will be offered a call back, but this will not take place, or will it take a long time? That is really annoying! Therefore we strive to answer all telephone inquiries and inquiries by email as soon as possible! With us there are no unnecessary waiting times in the telephone loop or forgotten callbacks. We will also be happy to inform you by SMS or email if your vehicle has been completed, if the call is not enough for you or if it does not fit into the daily routine. Autohaus Scheel GmbH Hans-Böckler-Ring 1 22851 Norderstedt Customer Service 040/524 85 56 Sales 040/524 85 95 Fax 040/524 83 98 E-Mail info AT autohausscheel DOT de Opening times: Mon - Fri: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sat: 10 a.m. - 1 p.m. © 2020 Autohaus Scheel GmbH Your Seat and Skoda partner in the north of Hamburg! Customer service: +49 (0) 40 24222422 ContactImprintData protection