Imprint »Autohaus Scheel GmbH Home EU New Vehicles Used Vehicles Service Company Contact Imprint Autohaus Scheel GmbH Hans-Böckler-Ring 1 22851 Norderstedt Tel 040/524 85 56 Fax 040/524 83 98 E-Mail info AT autohausscheel DOT de Management: Dipl. Kfm. Claus Christian Scheel, Techn. Betriebswirt Tim Christoph Scheel Register entry: District Court Kiel, HRB 6858 KI USt.Id.Nr .: DE236974992 Responsible within the meaning of § 55 para. 2 Interstate Broadcasting Treaty: Claus Christian Scheelc / o Autohaus Scheel GmbHHans-Böckler- Ring 1 22851 NorderstedtTel 040/524 85 56 Fax 040/524 83 98 E-Mail claus.c.scheel AT autohausscheel DOT de Realization: Concept, advice and technical implementation: Marc Oltmanns - negdis - the designers & developers network E-Mail info AT moltm DOT de Logo, design and concept: Carolin Schweizer - Media DesignE-Mail info AT carolinschweizer DOT com Disclaimer The content of our pages was created with great care. However, we cannot guarantee that the content is correct, complete and up to date. As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages in accordance with general laws in accordance with Section 7 (1) TMG. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, we as a service provider are not obliged to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the time we become aware of a specific legal violation. As soon as we become aware of such violations, we will remove this content immediately. Data protection The use of our website is usually possible without providing personal data. Insofar as personal data (e.g. name or email address) is collected on our website, this is always done on a voluntary basis as far as possible. This data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from access by third parties. We hereby expressly object to the use by third parties of contact data published within the scope of the imprint obligation for sending unsolicited advertising and information material. The site operators reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited promotional information, such as spam e-mails. Google Analytics This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ('' Google ''). Google Analytics uses so-called `` cookies '', text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity for website operators and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if this is required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Under no circumstances will Google link your IP address with other Google data. You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.You can also use Google Analytics to collect and store data at any time with future effect control by using the deactivation add-on for browsers from Google Analytics. Note in accordance with Section 36 Paragraph 1 No. 1 of the Consumer Dispute Settlement Act (VSBG): We are neither willing nor obliged to participate in a dispute settlement procedure before a consumer arbitration board. Autohaus Scheel GmbH Hans-Böckler-Ring 1 22851 Norderstedt Customer Service 040/524 85 56 Sales 040/524 85 95 Fax 040/524 83 98 E-Mail info AT autohausscheel DOT de Opening times: Mon - Fri: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sat: 10 a.m. - 1 p.m. © 2020 Autohaus Scheel GmbH Your Seat and Skoda partner in the north of Hamburg! Customer service: +49 (0) 40 24222422 ContactImprintData protection