Privacy Policy - Monteverde Minicar Home Minicar Auto Range Aixam Sensation & MinautoCasalini M20Officina & Ricambi Promotions Test Drive & Contacts FacebookInstagram Privacy Policy adminicar 2018-03-07T17: 26: 34 + 00: 00 Web Policy Privacy This information, pursuant to art . 13 of Legislative Decree 196/2003 (hereinafter, the "Privacy Code") describes the management methods of this website owned by Minicar Monteverder s.r.l. with reference to the processing of personal data of users who consult it, also in accordance with the provisions of the Provision of the Privacy Guarantor of 8.05.2014 "Identification of the simplified procedures for the information and the acquisition of consent for the use of cookies ". The information is provided only for the site mentioned above and not for other websites or sections / pages / spaces owned by third parties - possibly consulted by the user through specific links present within the same. Data Controller The personal data are processed by the Data Controller, Elga Lanari (e-mail: monteverdeauto.ma@gmail.com), with automated tools and for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which they were collected. 1. TYPE OF DATA PROCESSED AND PURPOSE OF THE PROCESSING 1.1. Browsing data The computer systems and applications dedicated to the operation of this website acquire, during their normal operation, some personal data whose transmission is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols. This information is not collected to be associated with identified interested parties, but which by its very nature could, through processing and association with data held by third parties, allow users to be identified who connect to the site. The data collected includes the IP addresses or domain names of the computers used by users, the addresses in URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) ​​notation of the requested resources, the time of the request, the method used in submitting the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the response given by the server (successful, error, etc.) and other parameters relating to the operating system and the user's computer environment. These data are processed, for the time necessary to achieve the purpose for which they are collected, for the sole purpose of obtaining anonymous statistical information on the use of the site (access to it) and to check its regular functioning. The data could be used to ascertain responsibility in case of hypothetical computer crimes against the site. 1.2. Data provided voluntarily by the user If users of this site are required to provide their personal data to access certain services, specific and detailed information on the relative treatment pursuant to art will be released in the pages relating to the individual services. . 13 of the Privacy Code which will specify limits, purposes and methods of the treatment itself. 1.3. Cookies This site uses cookies and similar technologies to ensure the proper functioning of the procedures and improve the experience of using online applications. Definitions Cookies are short fragments of text (letters and / or numbers) that allow the web server to store information on the client (the browser) to be reused during the same visit to the site (session cookies) or later, even remotely days (persistent cookies). Cookies are stored, based on user preferences, by the single browser on the specific device used (computer, tablet, smartphone). Similar technologies, such as, for example, web beacons, transparent GIFs and all forms of local storage introduced with HTML5, can be used to collect information on user behavior and the use of services. Later in this document we will refer to cookies and all similar technologies by simply using the term "cookie". Types of cookies Based on the characteristics and use of cookies, we can distinguish several categories: • Strictly necessary or technical cookies. These are cookies that are essential for the proper functioning of the site. The duration of cookies is usually strictly limited to the work session (once the browser is closed they are deleted). • Analysis and performance cookies. These cookies are used to collect and analyze the traffic and use of the site anonymously. These cookies, even without identifying the user, allow, for example, to detect if the same user returns to connect at different times. They also allow you to monitor the system and improve its performance and usability. The deactivation of these cookies can be performed without any loss of functionality. • Profiling cookies. These are persistent cookies used to identify (anonymously and not) the user's preferences and improve his browsing experience. Third-party cookies By visiting a website, you can receive cookies both from the visited site ("owners"), and from sites managed by other organizations ("third parties"). Browsing the pages of the Air Communication site, you could interact with sites managed by third parties that can create or modify permanent and profiling cookies. One possibility is represented by the presence of the Google map, i.e. a part of the page generated directly by Google Maps and integrated into the page of our site. The presence of these plugins involves the transmission of cookies to and from all sites managed by third parties. The management of the information collected by "third parties" is governed by the relevant information to which please refer. To ensure greater transparency and convenience, the web address of the information and the methods for managing Google cookies is shown below. https://www.google.com/intl/it-IT_IT/help/terms_maps.html http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ http://www.google.it/intl / it / policies / technologies / managing / Google Analytics This site may also include certain components transmitted by Google Analytics, a web traffic analysis service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Again, these are third-party cookies collected and managed anonymously to monitor and improve the performance of the host site (performance cookie). Google Analytics uses "cookies" to collect and analyze anonymous information on the behavior of use of the Air Communication website (including the user's IP address). This information is collected by Google Analytics, which processes it for the purpose of drawing up reports for Air Communication operators regarding the activities on the websites themselves. This site does not use (and does not allow third parties to use) the Google analysis tool to monitor or collect personal identification information. Google does not associate the IP address with any other data held by Google nor does it try to connect an IP address with the identity of a user. Google can also communicate this information to third parties where this is required by law or where such third parties process the aforementioned information on behalf of Google. For further information, please refer to the following link: https://www.google.it/policies/privacy/partners/ The user can selectively disable the action of Google Analytics by installing the opt component on his browser -out provided by Google. To disable the action of Google Analytics, please refer to the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout Duration of cookies Some cookies (session cookies) remain active only until the browser is closed or all execution of the logout command. Other cookies "survive" when the browser is closed and are also available on subsequent visits by the user. These cookies are called persistent and their duration is set by the server when they are created. In some cases a deadline is set, in other cases the duration is unlimited. Management of cookies The user can decide whether or not to accept cookies using the settings of his browser. Warning: the total or partial disabling of technical cookies can compromise the use of the site features reserved for registered users. On the contrary, the usability of public content is also possible by completely disabling cookies. Disabling "third party" cookies does not affect browsing in any way. The setting can be defined specifically for the different websites and web applications. Furthermore, the best browsers allow you to define different settings for "proprietary" and "third party" cookies. As an example, in Firefox, through the menu Tools-> Options -> Privacy, you can access a control panel where you can define whether or not to accept the different types of cookies and proceed with their removal. Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=it Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/it/kb/Gestione%20dei%20cookie Internet Explorer: http: // windows .microsoft.com / it-it / windows7 / how-to-manage-cookies-in-internet-explorer-9 Opera: http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.00/it/cookies.html Safari: http : //support.apple.com/kb/HT1677? viewlocale = it_IT © Copyright 2019 - Minicar Monteverde Srls VAT 13292491001 Via Francesco Massi 18- 20 00152 Rome - Tel. +39 06 98870921 | Web Agency This site uses cookies that help us deliver our services. By continuing to browse, you accept our use of cookies..Accept ReadPrivacy & Cookies Policy