Monteverde Minicar - Official AIXAM and CASALINI Minicar Dealer Home Minicar Auto Range Aixam Sensation & MinautoCasalini M20 Workshop & Parts Promotions Test Drive & Contacts FacebookInstagram Home Minicar adminicar 2018-04-16T12: 14: 28 + 00: 00 New Car Range & Rental Workshop & Parts Promotions Test Drive & Contacts Family sports! MINICAR MONTEVERDE will be present at the Sport in Famiglia event from April 21 to May 1 For the sixth consecutive year, the appointment at the Eur lake with Sport in Famiglia is renewed: the highly anticipated event in the capital, organized by the Cast Sub Roma 2000 Association , with the support of the Italian Motorboat Federation and ASI - Italian Sports and Social Associations. “Nine days with free admission, over 30 disciplines, Federations, Sports Promotion Bodies, national and international champions, ready to involve adults and children. MINICAR MONTEVERDE will be present with its own stand, we know you, come and visit us to see the new offers on Minicar. It's Motodays again! From today to Sunday, Aixam is also Rome. Rome has been the capital of motors for a few hours: prestigious brands, innovative models and latest generation accessories challenge each other to conquer the public which, once again this year, will undoubtedly crowd the third edition of the Motorbike and Scooter. Alongside the pioneers of the two wheels, lined up in the box in Hall 3, Aixam is also back, after the positive experience of last year. And until Sunday, the Aixam team of the Centro Auto Moto Due Pini dealer, with the help of Minicar Monteverde colleagues, will welcome visitors with the pleasure of presenting the novelties of the Minauto range, 3 models with Euro 4 engine renewed in style and in design, and the thousand customizations of the Aixam minicars, the most loved by young people. “The curiosity we encountered last year - comments Carlo Alberto Petruzza, owner of the Roman dealer Due Pini - confirms the great passion that the younger generations have for Aixam brand minicars. But the biggest surprise we had was from more adult people and professionals, who took advantage of the opportunity to better understand the characteristics of these vehicles. " The prestige of this event - comments Stefano Patergnani, director of Aixam Italia - reserves the possibility of presenting ourselves to a truly heterogeneous public, increasingly interested in important issues: sustainable mobility, savings, reduction in consumption. We believe that the range of our minicars has all the credentials to keep up with the times and satisfy an increasingly demanding clientele. " Aixam awaits you in Hall 3, in the F1 garage. Do not miss! Official dealer AIXAM MINICAR MONTEVERDE is the official dealer for Aixam minicars in Rome, the leading company in the minicar sector in Italy and Europe. Choosing Aixam means traveling safely in a vehicle capable of combining comfort and reliability. The new Aixam SENSATION range is available in our salon with the City, Coupè and Crossline models and the new MINAUTO range! SEE THE ENTIRE AIXAM RANGE CASALINI MINICAR MONTEVERDE official dealer is the official dealer for Casalini minicars in Rome, an Italian company based in Piacenza that for over 75 years has been producing minicars with an elegant line and functional and aerodynamic design increasingly inspired by the automotive world. Today the new Casalini minicar "M20" is available in our salon, its design takes the concept of comfort to another level. The interior space of the passenger compartment and the boot capacity increase, for a driving pleasure that goes beyond the daily needs. CASALINI RANGE M20 Short and long term rental MINICAR MONTEVERDE also offers a long and short term rental service. It is possible to book the service at the following number 3382954359. BOOK YOUR RENTAL MINICAR MONTEVERDE is renewed We are on line with the new website! MINICAR MONTEVERDE has renewed its entire line of communication, also as regards the restyling of the logo, which is more attractive and modern, close to our target customers. SUPER PROMO Aixam 4 super-equipped models with ABS and TABLET for FREE TO LEARN MORE CONTACTSIf you want more information, request a quote, book a test drive or car rental, fill out the form and you will be contacted Your name (required) your email (required) INFORMATION REQUEST FOR RENTAL AUTOTEST DRIVE Your message © Copyright 2019 - Minicar Monteverde Srls VAT 13292491001 Via Francesco Massi 18- 20 00152 Rome - Tel. +39 06 98870921 | Web Agency This site uses cookies that help us deliver our services. By continuing to browse, you accept our use of cookies..Accept ReadPrivacy & Cookies Policy