Imprint Imprint ^ Back To Top Telephone: +49 7071 61696 | Fax: +49 7071 610019 Email: info@kirsch-kfzservice.de KYMCO Welcome to KYMCO. Whether scooters, quads, ATVs or bikes, hardly any manufacturer offers you more options to find the vehicle of your choice. From the economical 50 cc scooter to the powerful ATV, with KYMCO you are always right. GILERA The Gilera Runner 125 Black Soul combines functionality with sporty attributes. The Runner 125 is powered by a liquid-cooled four-stroke engine, which is characterized by superior performance and high reliability. The standard equipment features include an immobilizer, a cool cockpit display, a sporty two-tone paint, a higher windshield and much more .. SYM The new Fiddle III 50 and 125 ccm now new at your SYM dealer near you Kirsch-KFZService - Repair service for Aprillia, Gilera, Sym, Piaggio, Vespa, BMW and many more ... We are at your disposal for any questions at any time HomeCompanyContactImprintData protection Current page: Home Imprint ImprintPublished: Wednesday 13 July 2016 19:59 | Written by Super User | Print | Email | Hits: 5936 Responsible for editing: Managing Director: Waldemar Kirsch Kfz-Meisterbetrieb Waldemar Kirsch Riekertstraße 11 72074 Tübingen Phone: +49 7071 6 16 96 Fax: +49 7071 61 00 19 Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. To display JavaScript must be turned on! Internet: www.kirsch-kfzservice.de VAT identification number according to § 27a UStG: DE 146 912 524 Responsible for content according to § 10 paragraph 3 MDStV is the respective author Disclaimer 1. Warning about content The free and freely accessible content of this website has been made as large as possible Care created. However, the provider of this website does not guarantee the accuracy and timeliness of the free and freely accessible journalistic guides and news provided. Use of this website content is at your own risk. Simply by calling up this free and freely accessible content, no contractual relationship is established between the user and the provider, in so far there is no legal commitment on the part of the provider. 2. Links The website contains links to other websites ("external links"). These websites are subject to the liability of the respective site operators. There were no legal violations when linking the external links. The provider has no influence on the current and future design of the linked pages. The permanent review of the external links is not reasonable for the provider without concrete evidence of legal violations. As soon as legal violations become known, the external links concerned will be deleted immediately. 3. Copyright / ancillary copyright law The content published on this website by the provider is subject to German copyright and ancillary copyright law. Any use not permitted by German copyright and ancillary copyright law requires the prior written consent of the provider or the respective rights holder. This applies above all to the duplication, editing, translation, storage, processing or reproduction of content in databases or other electronic media and systems. The content and rights of third parties are identified as such. The unauthorized copying of the website content or the entire website is not permitted and punishable. Only the production of copies and downloads for personal, private and non-commercial use is permitted. This website may not be displayed by third parties in frames or iFrames without written permission. 4. No advertising The use of the contact details of the imprint for commercial advertising is expressly not desired, unless the provider has given his prior written consent or there is already a business relationship. The provider and all persons named on this website hereby object to any commercial use and disclosure of their data. 5. Special conditions of use Insofar as special conditions for individual uses of this website deviate from the aforementioned numbers 1 to 4, this is expressly pointed out at the appropriate place. In this case, the special conditions apply in each individual case. Source: Disclaimer from fachanwalt.de Previous Next Category: Uncategorised Copyright © 2020. Kirsch KFZ-Service Rights Reserved. Designed by: www.diablodesign.eu.