Imprint - CARPOOL Autoservice Menu Home Services About us Contact Imprint CARPOOL Autoservice Querzeile 49 28865 Lilienthal Phone: 0 47 92 - 95 41 11 Fax: 0 47 92 - 95 41 13 E-Mail: info@carpool-autoservice.de Managing Director: Oliver Meyerdierks Data protection The use of our website is usually possible without providing personal data. Insofar as personal data (e.g. name, address or email address) is collected on our website, this is always done on a voluntary basis as far as possible. This data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from access by third parties. We hereby expressly object to the use by third parties of contact data published within the scope of the imprint obligation for sending unsolicited advertising and information material. The site operators reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited promotional information, such as spam e-mails. Liability for links Our offer contains links to external third-party websites, the content of which we have no influence on. For this reason, we cannot accept any liability for this external content. The respective provider or operator is always responsible for the content of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time the link was created. No illegal content was discernible at the time the link was created. A permanent control of the content of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of an infringement. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately. Data protection declaration for the use of Google Analytics This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. If IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will be shortened beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The full IP address is only transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services related to website activity and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. You can prevent the storage of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by clicking on the following link (http: // tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de) Download and install the available browser plug-in. You can prevent Google Analytics from collecting data by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie is set that prevents the future collection of your data when you visit this website: Deactivate Google Analytics For more information on terms of use and data protection, see http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de. html or at https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/. We would like to point out that the code "gat._anonymizeIp ();" has been added to Google Analytics on this website in order to guarantee anonymous collection of IP addresses (so-called IP masking). Source: www.datenschutzbeauftragter-info.de Implementation Corbinian Ahrens Heise Homepages | Have the homepage created Heise RegioConcept | Regional Marketing CARPOOL Autoservice Querzeile 49 28865 Lilienthal Contact Phone 0 47 92 - 95 41 11 Email info@carpool-autoservice.de Office hours Mon.-Fri. 8: 00-12: 00 a.m. 13: 00-17: 00 on Saturdays by appointment © CARPOOL Autoservice from Lilienthal - Home | Contact | Imprint Data Protection