White GmbH - 24-hour emergency service: 0173/5399450 Hotline: 0203/9353804 Home About us Service Partner Gallery Contact Terms and Conditions Imprint TIRES ARE OUR WORLD WHITE BAUMASCHINENREIFEN GMBH THE EM-REIFENPROFIS WHITE BAUMASCHINENREIFEN GMBH OVER 20 YEARS OF EXPERIENCE WHITE BAIFEASEN MOBILE REPAIR SERVICE WHITE BAUMASCHINENREIFEN GMBH For us, everything revolves around EM tires Professionalism EM know-how at the latest level Our employees in service and advice are continuously trained. As a result, we always have the latest specialist knowledge to meet your requirements and help you to permanently reduce the costs of your fleet. Safety certified specialist company White GmbH has certificates from leading EM tire manufacturers. Our employees know and comply with the currently valid safety and environmental regulations. Regular check-ups by an independent auditor ensure lasting quality. Service There for you 365 days a year. We offer real 365/24 full service. Our mobile teams and our modern EM tire assembly vehicles offer a comprehensive on-site service. Whether changing tires or repairs within 24 hours - we ensure your productivity. Brand quality that pays off Your partner for EM tires We offer new tires, full mold renewal, cold renewal, used tires, solid rubber tires, rims, puncture protection and used tire disposal. This is white Special tires for special uses At the logistics hub in Duisburg, our company headquarters is located with a new and used tire warehouse that is second to none in the market. From here we offer comprehensive EM tire service for wheel loaders, dumpers, large forklifts, graders, scrapers, dump trucks and SKW’s. Fascination with EM tires The WHITE EM tire world Experience in our video clip how we work and what services we have in store for your EM fleet. From professionals for professionals Since 1996, WHITE Baumaschinenreifen und Montageservice GmbH has been offering the complete EM tire portfolio at a high level. Our philosophy: we do what we can - we can do what we do. Download service Further information on WHITE and the various business and product areas is available as a download (PDF). Our brands We carry all common EM tire brands WHITE in pictures Get to know us better! Browse through our gallery and get to know the WHITE team and our services better. Discover White in 360 ° The goal of our intensive specialist advice to the end user is the cost optimization of the construction machinery with regard to tires. The Trelleborg EM tire range and the Brawler solid rubber tires offer a wide range and the perfect alternatives. Uwe Köster - Sales Thanks to our wide range of premium and low-budget new and used tires, we guarantee quick and reliable delivery and installation at all times. Marcel White - Sales EM tires can sell many. Only specialists offer professional repairs and the right service. Rory White - Owner Contact WE ARE HERE FOR YOU Please fill out our contact form. We'll contact you as soon as possible. White Baumaschinenreifen GmbH Konrad-Adenauer-Ring 22 47167 Duisburg-Neumühl Fon: 0203 | 9 35 38 04 Fax: 0203 | 9 35 38 05 Mobile: 0173 | 5399450 Mobil2: 0173 | 5399449 E-Mail: info@white-gmbh.de OUR PERFORMANCE PORTFOLIO New tires Full mold renewal Solid rubber tires Cold renewal Repairs Assembly service on site Used tires Rims Tire fillings Puncture protection Used tire disposal OUR BRANDS Trelleborg Mitas Michelin Bridgestone Goodyear BKT Schelkmann Windpower Alliance Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy