AD, car maintenance and repair - Online quote and appointment GARAGE AD EXPERT GAUTHIER 1 customer reviews (5.00 / 5) Our garages Access Pro space garage space ad pro Presentation Mechanical repair Clutch Exhaust Geometry / parallelism Electronic diagnosis Battery - Alternator - Starter Shock absorbers Braking - Discs and Pads Auto Maintenance - Overhaul Emptying Ignition and engine management Bodywork Bodywork Repair Bodywork Optics Windshield - Glazing Quick bodywork services Contact us For all requests, please fill out this form to track as best as possible ... What is the purpose of your request? Select ... * Request for informationRequest cancellation of appointmentClaimCommercial contactContact a garageOther * These fields are required to validate your contact your request ... What is the subject of your request? Description of your request * These fields are required to validate your contact and to contact you Civility * Select ... * MrMme Last name First name Email Telephone * These fields are required to validate your contact I accept that my information be used as part of the commercial contact and the relationship that may result with AD. ? SEND Rating based on data collected for Ad.fr Ad.fr: 5/5 (based on 1 ratings) Presentation Contact us Garage space Espace ad pro Garages AD in town Paris Marseille Lyon Toulouse Nice Nantes Montpellier Strasbourg Bordeaux Lille Rennes Reims In your Loire-Atlantique department Maine-et-loire Finistère Vendée Nord Bouches-du-rhône Côtes-d'armor Isère Gironde Ille-et-vilaine Sarthe Yvelines © 2020 - Site map - Legal notice and CGUV - Group sites Contact us free quote and immediate appointment Search your service here: (Oil change, Overhaul, Brakes, Belt ...) your service Your car registration or search by model free quote! Add validate most common services TIMING BELT The timing belt is essential for the engine. Without it, it is destroyed by its own action. Go to an AD garage to test it before it gives way. Make your quote online. Choose MAINTENANCE AND DRAINING It is important to make a complete overhaul and the emptying of your car before a long journey. If you go on vacation, make an appointment at an AD garage to take care of it. Choose From 60, 00 € * BRAKING - DISCS AND / OR PADS Brakes are the only bulwark between the speed of the car and your safety. This is why if they do not respond well, you should have them checked at one of our AD garages before running a risk. Choose From € 69.00 * GEOMETRY - PARALLELISM Maintaining your wheels is not just about ensuring they are in good condition: you also have to check their parallelism. At AD, we do this verification for you to reduce your maintenance costs. Choose From € 359.00 * CLUTCH - FULL KIT The clutch is what allows you to change the conversion ratio of engine power to speed. It is therefore essential that it is in good condition. At AD, we take care of your clutch efficiently. Choose appointment without quote I do not know how to identify my problem choose see all the services specify your need for this service front rear front and rear by vehicle Make ... Model ... Type ... OK Search by registration free estimate and immediate appointment most requested services TIMING BELT MAINTENANCE AND BRAKE DRAIN - DISCS AND / OR GEOMETRY PADS - CLUTCH PARALLELISM - COMPLETE KIT Breakdown / appointment without quote My search Front brake pads and ... You have selected New search Identify your car Or Make ... Model ... Type ... Validate Indicate a place Or Geolocate me free quote! validate Your vehicle is Be - 022 - PP It is not my vehicle Yes, I confirm Madam, Sir, For this request we invite you to contact the repairer directly. Find Your Garage RGPD Compliance - web collection media In accordance with European regulation n ° 2016/679, known as General Regulation on the Protection of Personal Data of April 14, 2016, you have the right to access, rectify, portability, opposition and erasure of personal data concerning you at any time by contacting our DPO at the following address: ad-rgpd@autodistribution.com. For more information, please see our Data Protection Policy. Our customers recommend 4.47 5127 reviews (collected over the last 12 months) 5 52% 4 35% 3 9% 1 2% 4.43 847 reviews 4.48 2040 reviews 5127 reviews since 11/28/2017