Garages AD - Immediate and free estimate - Auto repair and maintenance GARAGE AD EXPERT GAUTHIER 1 customer reviews (5.00 / 5) Our garages Access Pro space garage space ad pro Presentation Mechanical repair Clutch Exhaust Geometry / parallelism Diagnostics Electronic Battery - Alternator - Starter Shock absorbers Braking - Discs and Pads Auto Maintenance - Overhaul Emptying Ignition and engine management Bodywork Bodywork Repair Optical renovation Windshield - Glazing Fast bodywork services Presentation AD repairers are real experts in the fields of mechanics and bodywork who maintain and repair your car. whatever its brand, model and age. It is a local network with more than 1900 workshops spread all over France. The AD network in a few figures: 1064 AD Expert Garages 240 AD678 Garages AD Garage AD Expert Garages AD Expert Garages are peri-urban, local workshops, employing professionals experienced, like brand agents. They intervene on any type of operation from the simplest to the most complex requiring very sophisticated expertise and equipment. They give a new dynamic to the profession by equipping themselves with high-level technological and human means thus ensuring the best service to motorists. ADA garage both generalists and specialists, AD Garages provide both routine maintenance and more technical interventions on all vehicles, whatever the brand. AD bodywork Whether it is for a crumpled sheet, a small scratch, a glass breakage or the maintenance of your air conditioning, the Carrossiers AD bring you all their know-how to preserve capital and the aesthetics of your vehicle. AD body repairers work on your vehicle, in the event of a claim, and offer you personalized support ranging from handling administrative and insurance formalities to providing mobility aids. (courtesy vehicle, home service, etc.). Rating based on the data collected for Ad.fr Ad.fr: 5/5 (based on 1 ratings) Presentation Contact us Garage space Espace ad pro Garages AD in town Paris Marseille Lyon Toulouse Nice Nantes Montpellier Strasbourg Bordeaux Lille Rennes Rennes Reims In your department Loire-atlantique Maine-et-loire Finistère Vendée Nord Bouches-du-rhône Côtes-d'armor Isère Gironde Ille-et-vilaine Sarthe Yvelines © 2020 - Site map - Legal notice and CGUV - Group sites Contact us free estimate and immediate appointment Search your service here: (Oil change, Overhaul, Brakes, Belt ...) your service Your car registration or search by model free quote! Add validate most common services TIMING BELT The timing belt is essential for the engine. Without it, it is destroyed by its own action. Go to an AD garage to test it before it gives way. Make your quote online. Choose MAINTENANCE AND DRAINING It is important to make a complete overhaul and the emptying of your car before a long journey. If you go on vacation, make an appointment at an AD garage to take care of it. Choose From 60, 00 € * BRAKING - DISCS AND / OR PADS Brakes are the only bulwark between the speed of the car and your safety. This is why if they do not respond well, you should have them checked at one of our AD garages before running a risk. Choose From € 69.00 * GEOMETRY - PARALLELISM Maintaining your wheels is not just about ensuring they are in good condition: you also have to check their parallelism. At AD, we do this verification for you to reduce your maintenance costs. Choose From € 359.00 * CLUTCH - FULL KIT The clutch is what allows you to change the conversion ratio of engine power to speed. It is therefore essential that it is in good condition. At AD, we take care of your clutch efficiently. Choose appointment without quote I do not know how to identify my problem choose see all the services specify your need for this service front rear front and rear by vehicle Make ... Model ... Type ... OK Search by registration free estimate and immediate appointment most requested services TIMING BELT MAINTENANCE AND BRAKE DRAIN - DISCS AND / OR GEOMETRY PADS - CLUTCH PARALLELISM - COMPLETE KIT Breakdown / appointment without quote My search Front brake pads and ... You have selected New search Identify your car Or Make ... Model ... Type ... Validate Indicate a place Or Geolocate me free quote! validate Your vehicle is Be - 022 - PP It is not my vehicle Yes, I confirm Our customers recommend us 4.47 5127 reviews (collected over the last 12 months) 5 52% 4 35% 3 9% 1 2% 4.43 847 reviews 4.48 2040 reviews 5127 reviews since 11/28/2017