Auto repair and maintenance - Find advice AD ​​maintenance & repair multi-brand maintenance & repair multi-brand Our garages Access Pro space garage space ad pro Mechanical repair Ignition and engine management Auto Maintenance - Overhaul Drainage Braking - Discs and Pads Shock absorbers Exhaust Clutch Distribution Belt Battery - Alternator - Starter Electronic Diagnosis Technical pre-control egr valve Safety diagnosis Replacement and bleeding of brake fluid Replacement and bleeding of coolant Appointment without estimate Geometry / parallelism Bodywork Optical renovation Windshield - Glazing Rapid bodywork services Air conditioning Plastic repair & renovation Bodywork repair tires Sales of vehicles Second-hand vehicles Commercial vehicles Cash recovery Private vehicles Guide Advice To help you better understand the operation of your car, AD offers advice for repairing tion and maintenance of your car. AD, for sure! Our advice Draining Auto maintenance, overhaul, emptying When to drain? Which oils to use depending on the engine? What to do with used waste oil? Oil filter: when to change it? Engine oil, what is it for? Discover the value of the viscosity of engine oil Discover the dry sump system What is engine lubrication? DISCOVER OUR SMART PACKAGES! Our advice Distribution When to change your timing belt? What price to change your timing belt? Belt and timing kit: what difference? Water pump from the distribution kit, what is it for? Timing chain or belt: difference between the two? Our advice Air conditioning How does the air conditioning of a car work? Maintenance, air conditioning refill Change the air conditioning filter Use your air conditioning well Is air conditioning ecological? Air conditioning or open window? Bi-zone or tri-zone air conditioning: what is it? Electric car air conditioning: overconsumption in sight? Leaking your air conditioning, is it serious? Air conditioning failure, what to do? Charging your car's air conditioning Our advice Braking What is a brake pad? What is a brake disc? Hard brake pedal: cause and solution What is a brake caliper? What is a brake hose? What is a brake drum? Rating based on the data collected for Ad.fr: 4.47 / 5 (based on 5127 reviews) Presentation Join us Contact us Garage space Espace ad pro Garages AD in town Paris Marseille Lyon Toulouse Nice Nantes Montpellier Strasbourg Bordeaux Lille Rennes Reims In your Loire department -atlantique Maine-et-loire Finistère Vendée Nord Bouches-du-rhône Côtes-d'armor Isère Gironde Ille-et-vilaine Sarthe Yvelines © 2020 - Site map - Legal notice and CGUV - Confidentiality charter - Group sites Contact us free estimate and immediate appointment Search your service here: (Oil change, Overhaul, Brakes, Belt ...) your service Your registration your car or search by model your city Geolocate me free estimate! Add validate most common services TIMING BELT The timing belt is essential for the engine. Without it, it is destroyed by its own action. Go to an AD garage to test it before it gives way. Make your quote online. Choose MAINTENANCE AND DRAINING It is important to make a complete overhaul and the emptying of your car before a long journey. If you go on vacation, make an appointment at an AD garage to take care of it. Choose From € 69.00 * OVERHAUL - AIR CONDITIONING RECHARGE Air conditioning can make a huge difference when traveling by car. This is why it is important to take care of the maintenance of your air conditioning. Choose From 60, 00 € * BRAKING - DISCS AND / OR PADS Brakes are the only bulwark between the speed of the car and your safety. This is why if they do not respond well, you should have them checked at one of our AD garages before running a risk. Choose From € 69.00 * GEOMETRY - PARALLELISM Maintaining your wheels is not just about ensuring they are in good condition: you also have to check their parallelism. At AD, we do this verification for you to reduce your maintenance costs. Choose appointment without quote I do not know how to identify my problem choose see all the services specify your need for this service front rear front and rear by vehicle Make ... Model ... Type ... OK Search by registration free estimate and immediate appointment Customer reviews 4.47 / 5 most requested services TIMING BELT MAINTENANCE AND DRAIN SERVICE - BRAKE AIR CONDITIONING RECHARGE - DISCS AND / OR PADS GEOMETRY - PARALLELISM Fault finding / appointment without quote My search Front brake pads and ... You have selected New search Identify your car Or Make ... Model ... Type ... Validate Indicate a place Or Geolocate me free quote! validate Your vehicle is Be - 022 - PP It is not my vehicle Yes, I confirm Our customers recommend us 4.47 5127 reviews (collected over the last 12 months) 5 52% 4 35% 3 9% 1 2% 4.43 847 reviews 4.48 2040 reviews 5127 reviews since 11/28/2017