Our History | Classic Motor Cars CLASSIC CAR RESTORATIONS CURRENT RESTORATIONS ICONIC RESTORATIONS CLASSIC CARS/BIKES FOR SALE CLASSIC CARS/BIKES FOR SALE CLASSIC CARS WANTED CLASSIC CAR PARTS CLASSIC CAR PARTS eBAY STORE SERVICES Servicing and Repairs Valeting and Detailing Classic Car Storage Classic Car Finance Concierge Service Body Shop Quality Control Paint Work Engine Shop COMPANY History Meet The Team Our Facilities Customer Service News Events Gallery Careers CMC Club Testimonials Contact Us MEDIA CENTRE TEL: +44 (0)1746 765804 twitter youtube facebook instagram £0.00 (0 items) Login/Register CLASSIC CAR RESTORATIONS CURRENT RESTORATIONS ICONIC RESTORATIONS CLASSIC CARS/BIKES FOR SALE CLASSIC CARS/BIKES FOR SALE CLASSIC CARS WANTED CLASSIC CAR PARTS CLASSIC CAR PARTS eBAY STORE SERVICES Servicing and Repairs Valeting and Detailing Classic Car Storage Concierge Service Body Shop Quality Control Paint Work Engine Shop COMPANY History Meet The Team Customer Service News Events Gallery Careers CMC Club Testimonials Contact Us MEDIA CENTRE Home > Company > Our History Classic Motor Cars (CMC) were founded in 1993 and have over the ensuing years built an international reputation for classic car restoration to world-class standards, to the extent that they are the only company to have won the Restoration of the Year Award twice in 2011 and 2017. Staffed by a highly experienced team of engineers and technicians, CMC operate from modern 60,000 sq. ft. purpose built premises based in Bridgnorth, Shropshire, in the United Kingdom, where some 50 to 60 cars can be found in the workshops every month, ranging from classic classic Jaguars to Aston Martins, Bentley, Ferraris and Lancias and more, including modern prestige marques. They offer a comprehensive service for classic car owners, including general servicing, upgrades, accident repairs, repaints, parts, full restorations, storage, transport, car sales and even bespoke car design. CMC are also closely involved with the Marches Centre of Manufacturing and Technology, where they are training the next generation of classic car specialists, with young people currently learning their trades in trimming, auto electrics, bodywork, paintwork and general mechanics. January 1993 CMC is founded CMC was founded in 1993 by three people united in their passion for Jaguars and started operating from a small business unit at the Stanmore Industrial Estate in Bridgnorth Shropshire. With the ultimate mission to restore Jaguar’s heritage, they set to bring back to life some of the most historic Jaguar’s every built as well as anything from the early Austin Swallow, through to the SS100, XK120, XK140, XK150, MK2, E-type, and XJS models. 1993-2001 Restoring Jaguar’s heritage Over the years, CMC’s experienced engineers and technicians have been trusted with the restoration of many of the most historic Jaguar’s ever built: E-Type 9600HP - The oldest and most famous E-Type in existence E-Type 1VHP - The very first right hand drive production Fixed Head Coupe E-Type Chassis No. 4 - The fourth right hand drive roadster owned by ‘Lofty’ England, Jaguar's legendary Team Manager D-Type OKV1 - The first of the famous trio of D-Types that debuted at Le Mans in 1954, finishing in second place Coombs Mark 2 Saloon - One of the famous and very few original Mark 2 modified by racing driver John Coombs XK120 FHC - Jaguar’s works demonstrator car 2001-2011 The world’s premier Jaguar restoration company By 2001 CMC had built an international reputation for car restoration to world-class standards. The business grew exponentially and the workshops became busier with cars – not just Jaguars – from all over the world coming in for servicing, maintenance and restoration. CMC had realised its mission of becoming a world-leading restoration company. 2011- Restoration of the Year Award Restoration of the Lindner-Nocker Lightweight E-Type – Restoration of the Year Award Jaguar built just a dozen of the aluminium Lightweight E-Types for racing. Just one was modified by the Jaguar factory for owner Peter Lindner, the German Jaguar importer, to low drag body design. He raced it with Peter Nocker When it crashed in at the Montlhery circuit in 1964 the Linder-Nocker Lightweight was so badly damaged that a complete restoration was thought to be impossible. CMC thought differently and decided to bring it back to its former glory. This epic project was finished in 2011, after over 7,000 hours of work and using more than 90% of the original parts, and won CMC the ‘Restoration of the Year’ at the International Historic Motoring Awards that year. 2014 Move to new premises August 2014 marked the official opening of CMC’s new building complex in the presence of friends, clients and personalities of the motoring world. The new building is one of the biggest of its kind in the UK, with some 36,000 sq. ft. of production space and another 24,000 sq. ft. for bespoke classic car storage. Mark 2 by Callum unveiled The car has been redesigned by Jaguar’s Director of Design Ian Callum and reengineered by CMC’s mechanics for his own personal use, boasting a huge number of aesthetic and technical modifications that make this a practical, reliable, enjoyable and exciting everyday car. 2015 Apprenticeship Schemes Apprenticeship Schemes CMC is especially proud of its apprenticeship schemes with young people. In 2015, it had as many as 8 apprentices learning their trades in trimming, auto electrics, bodywork, paintwork and general mechanical skills directly from the senior mechanics and technicians. 2016 CMC becomes an Employee Owned Trust On the 27th of August 2016, a majority shareholding owned by CMC 's chairman was transferred into a new entity The Classic Motor Cars Ltd Employee Shareholder Trust, thereby passing control to a trust set up for the benefit of the employees of CMC. 2017 - Marches Centre of Manufacturing & Technology The Marches Centre of Manufacturing & Technology (MCMT) was officially opened by Philip Dunne, Minister of State for Health and MP for Ludlow, on Friday 10th November 2017 in a bid to inspire and train a new generation of young engineers. The £4m state-of the-art training hub is run by a consortium of Classic Motor Cars Ltd, Grainger & Worrall, In-Comm Training and Salop Design & Engineering. The 36,000 sq ft facility is located at the Stanmore Industrial Estate, just steps away from CMC, and is equipped with over £2m worth of equipment, including dedicated fabrication, foundry, lathe, metrology, milling, robotics and vehicle trimming sections. 2017 - Restoration of the Year Award The epic 6,725-hour restoration of the one-off Pininfarina bodied 1954 Jaguar XK120 SE by CMC won the Restoration of the Year award at the Octane Awards, presented on Thursday 16th November in London. CMC are the only company to have won this award twice. Quick Links Home Meet The Team Media Centre Customer Service News Events Testimonials Gallery Careers Contact Us Services Classic Car Restorations Current Classic Car Restorations Iconic Classic Car Restorations Classic Cars For Sale Classic Car Parts Servicing And Repairs Valeting and Detailing Classic Car Storage Concierge Service CMC Club Contact Us twitter youtube facebook instagram Classic Motor Cars Ltd Building 9 Stanmore Business Park Bridgnorth Shropshire WV15 5HP Tel: +44 (0)1746 765804 Parts: +44 (0)1746 764191 Email: mail@classic-motor-cars.co.uk Contracts of Sale | General Terms & Conditions | Repair & Maintenance Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy & Cookie Usage