Meet The Team | Classic Motor Cars CLASSIC CAR RESTORATIONS CURRENT RESTORATIONS ICONIC RESTORATIONS CLASSIC CARS/BIKES FOR SALE CLASSIC CARS/BIKES FOR SALE CLASSIC CARS WANTED CLASSIC CAR PARTS CLASSIC CAR PARTS eBAY STORE SERVICES Servicing and Repairs Valeting and Detailing Classic Car Storage Classic Car Finance Concierge Service Body Shop Quality Control Paint Work Engine Shop COMPANY History Meet The Team Our Facilities Customer Service News Events Gallery Careers CMC Club Testimonials Contact Us MEDIA CENTRE TEL: +44 (0)1746 765804 twitter youtube facebook instagram £0.00 (0 items) Login/Register CLASSIC CAR RESTORATIONS CURRENT RESTORATIONS ICONIC RESTORATIONS CLASSIC CARS/BIKES FOR SALE CLASSIC CARS/BIKES FOR SALE CLASSIC CARS WANTED CLASSIC CAR PARTS CLASSIC CAR PARTS eBAY STORE SERVICES Servicing and Repairs Valeting and Detailing Classic Car Storage Concierge Service Body Shop Quality Control Paint Work Engine Shop COMPANY History Meet The Team Customer Service News Events Gallery Careers CMC Club Testimonials Contact Us MEDIA CENTRE Home > Company > Meet the Team Staffed by a highly experienced team of engineers and technicians based at our Bridgnorth, Shropshire workshops – which currently covers over 36,000sq ft, plus another 24,000 sq. ft. for bespoke classic car storage – we are able to provide our international clientele with a range of services from a simple oil change, performance and handling upgrades to full restorations and even bespoke car design and manufacture. We are immensely proud of our business and the people within it. We look forward to showing you why. What’s more, we are training the specialists for the future and keeping alive the skills necessary to restore a car. We have a team of young apprentices learning their trades in trimming, auto electrics, bodywork, paintwork and general mechanics Customer Service Senior Management Workshop HELEN SMALL Production Planning and Co-ordination Manager Helen is responsible for planning the jobs into the workshop.  Helen is also responsible for co-ordinating various functions within the workshops . Read More HELEN SMALL Production Planning and Co-ordination Manager Helen is responsible for planning the jobs into the workshop.  Helen is also responsible for co-ordinating various functions within the workshops . Close PAUL DAINTY Customer Service Manager Paul has been in the motor trade since leaving school and brought to CMC many years of experience in various roles within aftersales including Service Manager. Paul ... Read More PAUL DAINTY Customer Service Manager Paul has been in the motor trade since leaving school and brought to CMC many years of experience in various roles within aftersales including Service Manager. Paul is a dedicated familiy man and lives locally. Close PAUL PEACH Heritage Parts and Logistics Manager Paul is very much our special projects Manager, Paul is also our Transport Manager and holds the European Transport Qualification. Paul also has responsibility for ... Read More PAUL PEACH Heritage Parts and Logistics Manager Paul is very much our special projects Manager, Paul is also our Transport Manager and holds the European Transport Qualification. Paul also has responsibility for our vehicle storage area and manages vehicles arriving and leaving the company. Close STEVE MORRIS Transport Logistics Driver Steve joined CMC in 2015 having previously worked in the haulage industry and civil service. He has a passion for all classic cars and currently has one of his own. ... Read More STEVE MORRIS Transport Logistics Driver Steve joined CMC in 2015 having previously worked in the haulage industry and civil service. He has a passion for all classic cars and currently has one of his own. He is the go to person for transport and logistics, collecting and delivering cars in CMC's dedicated transporter. Close NIGEL WOODWARD Managing Director Nigel is responsible for the company’s performance, looking after all the aspects of the business from overseeing the workshop floor to ensuring every custome ... Read More NIGEL WOODWARD Managing Director Nigel is responsible for the company’s performance, looking after all the aspects of the business from overseeing the workshop floor to ensuring every customer is satisfied. He has an impressive track record in the classic car industry being instrumental in the creation and development of Aston Martin Works' Heritage Operations and Jaguar Land Rover’s Classic division. He brings a wealth of experience and expertise to CMC that will undoubtedly help grow the business and gear the company for the future. Nigel is also a keen private pilot and occasional clay pigeon shooter. Close TIM GRIFFIN Production Director Tim has overall responsibility for production and the workshop staff. One of Tim’s primary functions is production planning which ensures the business is oper ... Read More TIM GRIFFIN Production Director Tim has overall responsibility for production and the workshop staff. One of Tim’s primary functions is production planning which ensures the business is operated effectively. Close EDWINA ROBERTS Administration Manager Edwina is responsible for all the administration functions which include finance, human resources, health and safety and site services.  Edwina has a dedicated ... Read More EDWINA ROBERTS Administration Manager Edwina is responsible for all the administration functions which include finance, human resources, health and safety and site services.  Edwina has a dedicated team of experienced staff to support her in each specialised area.  Edwina brings her experience of all aspects of the administration function to the role. Close ROBERT BROOKES Mechanical Technician Bob is an experienced technician and has brought a mass of knowledge and skill to the work that he has carried out at CMC over the years. Read More ROBERT BROOKES Mechanical Technician Bob is an experienced technician and has brought a mass of knowledge and skill to the work that he has carried out at CMC over the years. Close JAMES SMITH Maintenence Cleaner Jim is a maintenence cleaner here at CMC and keeps the workshop in its pristine condition. Read More JAMES SMITH Maintenence Cleaner Jim is a maintenence cleaner here at CMC and keeps the workshop in its pristine condition. Close JOHN LANGSTON Paint Technician John is the paintshop team leader and is here to look after all of your needs Read More JOHN LANGSTON Paint Technician John is the paintshop team leader and is here to look after all of your needs Close LUKE MARTIN Panel Technician Luke has progressed from an apprentice to the head panel beater over a career of 14 years here at CMC. He has played a key role in the many iconic restorations here ... Read More LUKE MARTIN Panel Technician Luke has progressed from an apprentice to the head panel beater over a career of 14 years here at CMC. He has played a key role in the many iconic restorations here at CMC over the years. He is also the first Employee representative for the company and has made great progress with this role. Close HARRY RUFFELL-HAZELL Apprentice Harry is considerably progressing his mechanical skills through his apprenticeship at Classic Motor Cars Ltd and especially enjoys learning technical advice directl ... Read More HARRY RUFFELL-HAZELL Apprentice Harry is considerably progressing his mechanical skills through his apprenticeship at Classic Motor Cars Ltd and especially enjoys learning technical advice directly from the senior experienced techinicians. In his free time Harry enjoys playing sports. Close ZOLTAN NEMETH Mechanical Technician Zoltan started working for CMC in 2000 and has brought an incredible amount of wisdom and talent to his work throughout the years. In his spare time, he works on hi ... Read More ZOLTAN NEMETH Mechanical Technician Zoltan started working for CMC in 2000 and has brought an incredible amount of wisdom and talent to his work throughout the years. In his spare time, he works on his own personal collection of vintage American trucks. Close CRAIG BRUSH Electrical Technician Craig has been an electrical technician at CMC for the past 5 years and played a major part in the mechanical and electrical elements of some of our beautiful resto ... Read More CRAIG BRUSH Electrical Technician Craig has been an electrical technician at CMC for the past 5 years and played a major part in the mechanical and electrical elements of some of our beautiful restorations. Close TIM RHODES Mechanical Technician Tim has been working at CMC since 2002 restoring some of the world's most historically important cars. Read More TIM RHODES Mechanical Technician Tim has been working at CMC since 2002 restoring some of the world's most historically important cars. Close NEIL FOY Parts Neil works closely with the technicians, ordering parts from suppliers, researching obsolete & hard to find parts, dealing with warranty returns, general housek ... Read More NEIL FOY Parts Neil works closely with the technicians, ordering parts from suppliers, researching obsolete & hard to find parts, dealing with warranty returns, general housekeeping and storage security Close MARCUS NEMETH Mechanical Technician Marcus has now been at CMC since 2012 and gained a vast knowledge on the restoration and maintenance of classic vehicles. He also restores classic Fords in his own ... Read More MARCUS NEMETH Mechanical Technician Marcus has now been at CMC since 2012 and gained a vast knowledge on the restoration and maintenance of classic vehicles. He also restores classic Fords in his own time. Close SAM BREWER Trim Technician Sam has brought a lot of experience to CMC in since joining in 2014, after a total of 30 years working in the motor trade. In his free time he enjoys mountain ... Read More SAM BREWER Trim Technician Sam has brought a lot of experience to CMC in since joining in 2014, after a total of 30 years working in the motor trade. In his free time he enjoys mountain biking and the outdoors. Close DAN BROWN Detailer Dan has been detailing the vehicles that pass through CMC since 2012. In his spare time he enjoys cycling and fish breeding. Read More DAN BROWN Detailer Dan has been detailing the vehicles that pass through CMC since 2012. In his spare time he enjoys cycling and fish breeding. Close WAYNE JARVIS Mechanical Technician Wayne Jarvis joined CMC in 2012 from a small family run motor business. He enjoys 1940s events and vintage planes. Read More WAYNE JARVIS Mechanical Technician Wayne Jarvis joined CMC in 2012 from a small family run motor business. He enjoys 1940s events and vintage planes. Close PHIL TURLEY Panel Technician Phil has a vast experience in panel beating, stripping and refitting of vehicles and has played a vital role in CMC's historic restoration projects. Read More PHIL TURLEY Panel Technician Phil has a vast experience in panel beating, stripping and refitting of vehicles and has played a vital role in CMC's historic restoration projects. Close ALAN BOWEN Panel Technician Alan is a vital member of the panel shop team, specialising in refitting and engineering. Read More ALAN BOWEN Panel Technician Alan is a vital member of the panel shop team, specialising in refitting and engineering. Close ANDY WRIGHT Paint Technician Andrew joined the paint department after 15 years working in the accident repair trade. He enjoys surfing and travelling in his classic camper van. Read More ANDY WRIGHT Paint Technician Andrew joined the paint department after 15 years working in the accident repair trade. He enjoys surfing and travelling in his classic camper van. Close Quick Links Home Meet The Team Media Centre Customer Service News Events Testimonials Gallery Careers Contact Us Services Classic Car Restorations Current Classic Car Restorations Iconic Classic Car Restorations Classic Cars For Sale Classic Car Parts Servicing And Repairs Valeting and Detailing Classic Car Storage Concierge Service CMC Club Contact Us twitter youtube facebook instagram Classic Motor Cars Ltd Building 9 Stanmore Business Park Bridgnorth Shropshire WV15 5HP Tel: +44 (0)1746 765804 Parts: +44 (0)1746 764191 Email: mail@classic-motor-cars.co.uk Contracts of Sale | General Terms & Conditions | Repair & Maintenance Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy & Cookie Usage