.uk rights of registration | Fasthosts This website uses cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies. I accept Sales 0808 1686 777 Support 0333 0142 700 Show UK VAT pricing Blog Support Login Domain Names Domain Names Find the perfect web address for your online brand UK domains FREE for the first year Domain Transfer Transferring your domains to Fasthosts is easy and FREE Listing Coach Increase your chances of getting found by customers in your area Check your business listing Web Hosting Web Hosting Host your site with unlimited traffic and smart SSD storage from £2.50 per month from £3.00 per month WordPress Hosting Run WordPress on a simple, fast and fully optimised platform from £1.99 per month from £2.39 per month Reseller Hosting Make money by reselling Fasthosts products from £19.99 per month from £23.99 per month Get optimised WordPress Hosting and big discounts when you buy multiple sites Find out more Website Builders Website Builder Easily build your perfect website with intuitive themes and drag-and-drop design try it for FREE Ecommerce Website Builder Create an online store and start selling in minutes try it for FREE WordPress Use WordPress to build your site on our optimised platform from £1.99 per month from £2.39 per month Website Builder makes design easy with beautiful themes - try it now for FREE Find out more Email & Office Exchange Email Email powered by the latest Microsoft Exchange 2019 technology Standard Email Get a personalised email address to match your domain name from 99p per month from £1.19 per month Office 365 The entire Microsoft Office suite across all your devices Exchange Email Save time. Work better. Find out more Servers Dedicated Servers Give your projects the performance and reliability of a Dedicated Server from £30 per month from £36 per month Virtual Private Servers Fast and affordable VPS hosting with a choice of Linux or Windows from £5 per month from £6 per month Cloud Backup Powered by The ultimate backup for your business data across all of your devices Find out more Cloud Cloud Servers Customise your own resources and scale your Cloud Servers on demand Bare Metal Dedicated hardware with cloud integration, flexible billing and up to 10Gb/s network connectivity Cloud Backup Easily back up servers and all your business devices with flexible server backup software Build your own cloud Combine servers to create your ideal configuration Powerful and scalable tools Private networks, load balancers and firewalls, plus block storage, shared storage and snapshots – with 100% SSD Flexible billing Pay per minute with no upfront costs Find out more Domain Names Domain Names Domain Transfer Web Hosting Web Hosting WordPress Hosting Reseller Hosting Website Builders Website Builder Ecommerce Website Builder WordPress Email & Office Exchange Email Standard Email Office 365 Servers Dedicated Servers Virtual Private Servers Cloud Cloud Servers Bare Metal Cloud Backup Customer Support Contact Support System Status Support Site Listing Coach Increase your chances of getting found by customers in your area Check your business listing Show UK VAT pricing .uk rights of registration Fasthosts has secured your .uk domain names Why has Fasthosts secured your .uk domains? To help protect our domain registrants’ online projects, we have secured all unclaimed .uk domain names for eligible Fasthosts registrants. The UK domain registry Nominet launched the .uk top-level domain in June 2014. Eligible registrants of UK domain names (.co.uk, .org.uk, etc.) were given five years to claim reserved .uk versions of their existing domains. All unclaimed .uk domains are scheduled for release to the general public on 6th July 2019. To help our domain registrants avoid any disruption or brand damage as a result of missing the deadline, we have secured the remaining .uk domains on their behalf. Domains were secured in June 2019 and will be released back into the public pool if no claim is made. How do I claim .uk domains secured on my behalf? To claim a .uk domain secured on your behalf, please call our support team on 0333 0142 700 or email registrants@fasthosts.com. We will verify you as the owner of the qualifying existing domain and assist you with transferring the .uk domain to your Fasthosts account. Why would I want a .uk domain? In line with the changing use of domains, Nominet has expanded the namespace to offer new and shorter options for those seeking a descriptive, memorable and UK-focused web address. You may also wish to claim your .uk domain as a brand asset or for brand protection purposes. Find out more About us Careers Contact us Sitemap Sponsorship Affiliates © 1999-2020 Fasthosts Internet Limited. All rights reserved. Fasthosts is the trading name of Fasthosts Internet Limited. Company registration no. 3656438. Registered in England and Wales. VAT no. 720821857. Registered office: Discovery House, 154 Southgate Street, Gloucester, GL1 2EX, United Kingdom. Privacy Notice | Terms of Service | Cookie Policy Modern Slavery Statement | Tax Strategy This website uses cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies.I accept Get in touch Speak to a sales advisor for help choosing the right solution. Send us an email Call us on 0808 1686 777