Media Centre | Classic Motor Cars CLASSIC CAR RESTORATIONS CURRENT RESTORATIONS ICONIC RESTORATIONS CLASSIC CARS/BIKES FOR SALE CLASSIC CARS/BIKES FOR SALE CLASSIC CARS WANTED CLASSIC CAR PARTS CLASSIC CAR PARTS eBAY STORE SERVICES Servicing and Repairs Valeting and Detailing Classic Car Storage Classic Car Finance Concierge Service Body Shop Quality Control Paint Work Engine Shop COMPANY History Meet The Team Our Facilities Customer Service News Events Gallery Careers CMC Club Testimonials Contact Us MEDIA CENTRE TEL: +44 (0)1746 765804 twitter youtube facebook instagram £0.00 (0 items) Login/Register CLASSIC CAR RESTORATIONS CURRENT RESTORATIONS ICONIC RESTORATIONS CLASSIC CARS/BIKES FOR SALE CLASSIC CARS/BIKES FOR SALE CLASSIC CARS WANTED CLASSIC CAR PARTS CLASSIC CAR PARTS eBAY STORE SERVICES Servicing and Repairs Valeting and Detailing Classic Car Storage Concierge Service Body Shop Quality Control Paint Work Engine Shop COMPANY History Meet The Team Customer Service News Events Gallery Careers CMC Club Testimonials Contact Us MEDIA CENTRE Home > Media Centre Classic Motor Cars can comment on a wide variety of issues regarding classic car restoration, from servicing and restoration to value and investment. We regularly produce press releases and articles on current restorations and other activities, and have also a unique picture library which can provide journalists with images of the full restoration process as well as specialist activity in all mechanical and body work repairs, including aluminium panel making, re-chroming, re-painting, re-trimming and more. We will provide journalists with ongoing comments on restorations in general as well as on current special projects, and welcome press visits to our modern 40,000 sq. ft. facilities in Bridgnorth, Shropshire. Journalists who would like to talk to CMC about specific projects or receive regular media updates should contact our team, their details are below: Media Contacts Press Releases In the Media Picture Library David Barzilay Head Of Media Relations Tel: +44 (0) 207 544 8980 / +44 (0) 786 0322 333 Email: david@barzilay.co.uk Drop us a message CMC goes silver 02 Aug 2018 | XK Gazette Klassik til perfektion 03 Oct 2016 | Jaguar Club Denmark Jaguar World 30 Mar 2016 | Jaguar World Engine Magazine 29 Mar 2016 | Engine Magazine Japan Taking it to the max 01 Dec 2015 | Octane Magazine For the first time a specially formulated ceramic coating and its aftercare products have been produced for Classic vehicles The ceramic coating has had the ultimate test last weekend when a 1965 Porsche 911 SWB driven by Stephen Owens with navigator Nick Bloxham who works as Workshop Manager at CMC in Bridgnorth took part in the gruelling Le Jog Rally organised by Hero Events which saw 70 classic cars driving from Land’s End to John O’Groat... Download Pack One of the rarest cars in the World arrives at CMC in Bridgnorth to be restored A British icon that was designed by Aston Martin in the late 1970’s to show off the capabilities of its new engineering facility is to be restored by CMC, Classic Motor Cars in Bridgnorth. The Aston Martin Bulldog, styled by William Towns, is a one off concept car that Aston Martin created to prove that it was not only a small c... Download Pack Classic Motor Cars announce celebration of Jaguar Mk2 Responding to the huge success of their 25th Birthday celebrations in Bridgnorth on Saturday 18th August CMC have listened to the clamoring of the public and are pleased to announce another Celebration event on Saturday 1st June 2019 – Mk 2 60. Download Pack Norman Dewis joins the party! Legend of the British Motor Industry; former Chief Test Driver and Development Engineer for Jaguar Cars, Norman Dewis OBE is to join the celebrations for Classic Motor Cars 25th Download Pack Second Prestigious Award to Classic Motor Cars within a month! Bridgnorth’s Classic Motor Cars travelled to the Goodwood Festival of Speed over the weekend of 12-15th July and added a sparkling Class Win at the Cartier Style et Luxe to their Octane “Company of the last 15 years” commendation. Download Pack Leading Restoration and Preparation Specialists Celebrate 25 Year Milestone Classic Motor Cars of Bridgnorth are celebrating their Silver Jubilee in a months’ time with a lavish petrol-head party. They are throwing open their state of the art facilities t... Download Pack Classic Motor cars announces birthday party and everyone is invited! Classic Motor Cars in Bridgnorth is to open its doors to celebrate 25 years of classic car restoration and invites classic car owners from Across the UK to join its birthday party. Download Pack Classic Motor Cars offers bespoke classic car finance through JBR Capital World-class specialists Classic Motor Cars (CMC) are now offering bespoke personal finance for classic car purchases and restorations through JBR Capital. Download Pack Rare Jaguar visits London for the first time A one-off Pininfarina bodied 1954 Jaguar XK120 SE that took specialists Classic Motor Cars (CMC) 6,725 hours to restore is coming to London this weekend for its first UK public outing. The rare Jaguar will take centre stage at CMC's stand (C70) at the London Classic Car Show on February 15-18 at the ExCeL. Download Pack Classic Motor Cars wins Restoration of the Year award for epic 6,725-hour restoration The epic 6,725-hour restoration of the one-off Pininfarina bodied 1954 Jaguar XK120 SE by world-class specialists Classic Motor Cars (CMC) won the Restoration of the Year award at the Octane Awards, presented on Thursday 16th November in London. The classic car restoration specialists are the only company to have won this prestigious award twice. ... Download Pack 1954 Jaguar XK120 SE by Pininfarina unveiled at Pebble Beach After a full nut and bolt restoration taking 6,725 hours by world-class specialists Classic Motor Cars (CMC), the wraps came off this unique Pininfarina bodied 1954 Jaguar XK120 SE yesterday at the Pebble Beach Concours d’Elegance in California, USA. The car was well received by the crowd of collectors and aficionados gathered at the event and f... Download Pack The rarest Jaguar ever? 1954 XK120 SE by Pininfarina en-route to Pebble Beach For the last two years thirteen staff at Classic Motor Cars (CMC) have been working on a top secret project, the restoration of a one-off Pininfarina bodied XK120 SE which is to be unveiled at the Pebble Beach Concours on Sunday August 20th. On Friday 4th August, the team, which had been supported by everybody on company’s the 60 plus workforce,... Download Pack New Managing Director at CMC Nigel Woodward has been appointed Managing Director at world-renowned classic car restorers Classic Motor Cars (CMC) based in Bridgnorth, Shropshire. Nigel has an impressive track record in the classic car industry being instrumental in the creation and development of Aston Martin and Jaguar Land Rover’s heritage divisions. Download Pack E-Type found in pieces to be given new lease of life One of the first 500 E-Types produced by Jaguar has been found in pieces in France and is to be brought back to life by CMC. Chassis No. 875256 is one of the very early 3.8 left hand drive, open two seater, outside bonnet lock models with all matching numbers. Download Pack Staff at world-class classic car restorers come together to produce the ultimate E-Type Jaguar Restoration Manual The staff at Classic Motor Cars of Bridgnorth (CMC), who restored 1961 Jaguar E-Type Chassis No. 60 owned by Chris Anderson, used the car as the basis of the ultimate E-Type Jaguar Restoration Manual. The manual will take the reader through the full nut-and-bolt restoration of a very early example, E-Type Chassis No 60. Skilled mechanics and technicia... Download Pack Once a showstopper, always a showstopper The world-class restoration of 1961 Jaguar E-Type Chassis No. 15 by Classic Motor Cars is to feature at the London Classic Car Show 2016. Download Pack CMC IN THE MOVIES Five major TV programmes have featured Classic Motor Cars of Bridgnorth (CMC), one of the country’s leading restoration companies, in recent months. Download Pack For the first time British apprentices will restore a classic car from start to finish For the first time ever in the UK a nut and bolt restoration of a classic car is to be undertaken by apprentices who are serving their time at a Shropshire company. Download Pack Rare 1936 Squire restored by Classic Motor Cars and shortlisted for prestigious award Leading classic car restorers Classic Motor Cars of Bridgnorth (CMC) have restored a 1936 Squire, one of only seven built, which has now been shortlisted for Restoration of the Year at the prestigious International Historic Motoring Awards 2015. Download Pack First right hand drive production Jaguar E-Type driven to the max? 1961 Jaguar E-Type chassis 860001, the very first right-hand-drive production Fixed Head Coupé restored by Classic Motor Cars Ltd (CMC), has been driven to 146 mph on a German autobahn by British Hill Climb Champion, David Franklin. Download Pack Classic Motor Cars launch new Car Concierge Service Leading classic car restorers Classic Motor Cars (CMC) have launched a new car concierge service for owners with little time. Download Pack Young apprentice helps veteran cars on famous run An apprentice from Classic Motor Cars helped out at the London to Brighton Veteran Car Run supplying Total oil and advice to participants. Download Pack First production TR5 to be sold by Classic Motor Cars The car will be on display at the Classic & Sports Car show at Alexandra Palace Download Pack £250,000 Jaguar E-Type returns to Somerset to celebrate 83rd birthday The sixtieth E-Type to leave Jaguar’s production line in 1961 went back to Somerset to surprise its previous owner on its 83rd birthday after undergoing a full ‘nut and bolt’ restoration at leading restorers Classic Motor Cars of Bridgnorth (CMC). Download Pack Barn find Aston Martin DB 2/4 to be restored by CMC A 1958 Aston Martin DB2/4 Mark III, which has lain dormant in storage for over 35 years, is to be restored by leading classic car restoration company Classic Motor Cars of Bridgnorth (CMC). Download Pack Matt Howell Photography Matt Howell Photography CMC Photoshoot 2016 Image One 12 Oct 2016 Photos by Matt Howell. Any unauthorised usage is expressly forbidden. If you would like to use any of the images below for any reason whatsoever, please contact us to discuss licensing. CMC Photoshoot 2016 Image Two 13 Oct 2016 Photos by Matt Howell. Any unauthorised usage is expressly forbidden. If you would like to use any of the images below for any reason whatsoever, please contact us to discuss licensing. CMC Photoshoot 2016 Image Three 13 Oct 2016 Photos by Matt Howell. Any unauthorised usage is expressly forbidden. If you would like to use any of the images below for any reason whatsoever, please contact us to discuss licensing. Quick Links Home Meet The Team Media Centre Customer Service News Events Testimonials Gallery Careers Contact Us Services Classic Car Restorations Current Classic Car Restorations Iconic Classic Car Restorations Classic Cars For Sale Classic Car Parts Servicing And Repairs Valeting and Detailing Classic Car Storage Concierge Service CMC Club Contact Us twitter youtube facebook instagram Classic Motor Cars Ltd Building 9 Stanmore Business Park Bridgnorth Shropshire WV15 5HP Tel: +44 (0)1746 765804 Parts: +44 (0)1746 764191 Email: mail@classic-motor-cars.co.uk Contracts of Sale | General Terms & Conditions | Repair & Maintenance Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy & Cookie Usage