Legal - Renault menuRenaultRenaultMesures Covid-19VéhiculesVéhicules particuliersVéhicules particuliersVéhicules electrical and electrical and hybridesVéhicules hybridesVéhicules ParisVéhicules Initial Initial ParisVéhicules SportVéhicules Renault Renault SportVéhicules utilitairesVéhicules utilitairesDécouvrez our motorisationsDécouvrez hybrid by RenaultVoir new vehicles in stockShowroom Digital OffresOccasionsEntretien & ServicesProfessionnelsDécouvrez RenaultRechercheReprise véhiculeMY RenaultNous trouverRevente véhiculecloseInformations Legal LEGAL INFORMATION The “Renault.fr” site is published by: Renault sas, a simplified joint-stock company with a capital of 533,941,113 euros, whose head office is located 13/15 quai Alphonse Le Gallo - 92100 Boulogne Billancourt cedex, registered with the RCS of Nanterre under the number 780 129 987 (hereinafter "RENAULT"), Director of publication: Eric PASQUIER Host: AMAZON W EB SERVICES Inc. 410 Terry Avenue North Seattle, WA 98109-5210 GENERAL CONDITIONS OF USE The purpose of these general conditions of use (hereinafter “CGU”) is to define the terms and conditions of use of the “Renault” site .Fr ". Access and use of the Site imply the unconditional acceptance of the T & Cs by the User.1 - Definitions For the purposes of this document: "Site" means the site "Renault.fr", published by RENAULT, giving access to Elements. The Site includes the Content, software, programs, tools (programming, navigation, etc.), databases, operating systems, documentation and all other elements that compose it, updates and new versions which may be brought to the Site by RENAULT. "Dealer" means the member of the RENAULT sales network in France, who is available to Users to provide them with additional information which they would like to know about each of the products and services presented on the site. The concessionaire, independent trader remains responsible for information of any kind that they may include on the site. "Content" means, without this list being exhaustive, the structure of the Site, the editorial content, the drawings, the illustrations, the images, the photographs, the graphic charters, the brands, the logos, the acronyms, the corporate names, audiovisual works, multimedia works, visual content, audio and sound content, as well as any other content present on the Site. "Elements" means the various features and information elements offered on the Site. "User" means an adult physical person browsing the Site for their own needs, within the framework of a strictly personal and non-commercial use, without direct or indirect profit, owner or not of a Vehicle. "Vehicle" means any vehicle of the RENAULT brand. 2 - Purpose of the Site The purpose of the Site is to allow the User to: Discover the RENAULT Group and the RENAULT brand, Find out about the models of the entire RENAULT brand (engine, technical characteristics, equipment, dimensions, technical e-brochure, etc.), as well as on associated products and services, Discover personalized promotional offers, Configure a Vehicle online, Request an estimate for a Vehicle, Have the value of your vehicle taken back, Locate a RENAULT dealer, Book a Vehicle online according to current promotional offers, Interact directly with the RENAULT brand to ask questions and / or to contact customer relations, Connect to your personalized “MY Renault” space, Participate in '' possible commercial events or contests, This list is not exhaustive and may be modified at any time by RENAULT without its r responsibility cannot be engaged on this basis. It is understood that RENAULT reserves the right to modify, at any time and without notice, the information appearing on the Site, in particular that relating to the technical characteristics and equipment of the models presented. 3 - Access to the Site The Site is accessible from the internet at the following address: https://www.renault.fr Only access to certain Elements of the Site requires the creation of an account by the User, under the conditions and according to the terms provided at the time of creation of said account. 4 - License to use the SiteRENAULT grants the User a personal right to use the Site, the Content and its Elements, non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable, non-transferable and free. This license is granted to the User only for his own needs, to the exclusion of any commercial or for-profit exploitation of all or part of the Content and / or Elements. The User does not acquire any other rights in the Site, the Content and / or the Elements other than those conferred by these. 5 - Obligations of the User The User agrees to use the Site in accordance with national and international regulations. He undertakes in particular to: read these T & Cs and comply with them, not to reproduce, even temporarily and / or partially, the Site and / or its Content, by any means and in any form, not to access and / or use the software components of the Site, do not use software or processes intended to copy the Content and / or likely to disturb the proper functioning of the Site, do not make any adaptation, modification, translation, transcription, compilation, decompilation , assembly, disassembly of all or part of the Site, Elements and / or Content, not to export the Site and / or merge it with other computer programs, to inform RENAULT if it is aware of an act of hacking and / or illicit or non-contractual use of the Site and / or its Content, do not carry out any manipulation and / or introduce any virus or malicious code, likely to cause computer breakdowns. ues and / or functional likely to affect the proper functioning of the Site or any Elements accessible through the Site. hinder the proper functioning of the Site by any means whatsoever, do not use the Site to display, download or transmit any content contrary to good morals and public order (such as, without this list being exhaustive, any content to racial, political, religious, pornographic or sexual) The User being solely responsible for the use of the Site, he acknowledges that neither RENAULT nor the members of its distribution network can be held responsible for direct or indirect damage, and in particular material damage, immaterial damage, loss of data or program, financial loss, resulting from access to or use of the Site, or due, in particular, to the interruption, suspension or modification of the Site or one of its Elements. In addition, when the User documents forms online, he undertakes that the content of his comments: is related to the objective of the form which he informs, is not likely to divert the spirit of the investigation by containing (i) philosophical, political, religious, union opinions or (ii) elements of a racial, ethnic or sexual nature which are violent, vulgar, obscene, insulting, contrary to morality, of proselytizing scope, defamatory or hateful, does not affect the brand image and more generally the interests of the Renault Group. In the event of a violation of any of the aforementioned restrictions, Renault reserves the right, at its discretion and without prior notification, to suspend the processing of its request and to draw all the legal consequences therefrom. 6 - Availability of SiteRENAULT undertakes to make its best efforts to secure access, consultation and use of the Site. The Site is accessible continuously, except in the event of force majeure or the occurrence of an event beyond the control of RENAULT, and subject to any breakdowns and maintenance interventions necessary for the proper functioning of the Site. 7 –Responsibility - Guarantee 7.1 On Use of the Site Within the limits of applicable laws and regulations, neither RENAULT nor the dealers in its sales network assume responsibility for the use of the Site by the User and does not give guarantees, express or implied, regarding the speed or performance of the Site. In particular, access to the Site may be temporarily and periodically suspended for technical reasons; if necessary, the technical teams will make their best efforts to resolve the problem as soon as possible. RENAULT reserves the right to modify, at any time and without notice, the information appearing on the Site, nor the responsibility of RENAULT and / or that of the members of its distribution network and / or that of its subsidiaries cannot be sought from this chef. Access and use of the Site is at the risk of the User. It is up to him to take all appropriate measures to protect his own data and / or software stored on his telephone and computer equipment against any attack. In any event, RENAULT will be released from all responsibility: • in the event of non-compliance by the User with these T & Cs; • in the event of malfunction of the Site due to a cause, voluntary or involuntary, which is attributable to the User or which is attributable to a third party or to a malicious act, software, smartphone / tablet, d '' an interface or any other product or supply from the User; • in the event of a malfunction and / or failure of the User's computer and / or communication network for whatever reason RENAULT does not guarantee that the Site is free from any error or anomaly, or that it can make the subject to attacks or attacks, in particular by viruses, which can cause malfunctions, interruptions, breakdowns or loss of data or information. 7.2 On information relating to products and services The characteristics of the new vehicles presented on the Site being those existing when they were put online on the Site, as distributed in mainland France, they are given for information only and do not can be considered as a contractual offer of products from RENAULT, its subsidiaries or members of its network. The same applies to the prices, which are taken from the RENAULT tariff in force but which have only a maximum recommended price value, without contractual value. Used vehicles presented on the Site being sold only in the establishments which present them, their availability cannot be guaranteed until an order form has not been signed with the establishment announcing. 7.3 On information relating to financing Examples of financing offers, with or without optional insurance, may be offered to the User. If applicable, the information provided does not constitute a credit offer and is subject to validation conditions by DIAC SA, specialized credit institution and insurance intermediary with capital of € 659,334,050, whose registered office is 14 avenue du Pavé Neuf - 93168 Noisy-le-Grand Cedex, registered with the RCS of Bobigny under the number 702 002 221 and at the Orias under the number 07 004 966., authorized to exercise its activity in France and controlled by the Control Authority Prudential and Resolution (ACPR). They have no contractual value and therefore cannot engage the responsibility of RENAULT and / or that of the members of its distribution network and / or that of its subsidiaries. 8 - Personal data The use of the Site may require the collection by RENAULT of personal data allowing direct or indirect identification of the User. The Information Notices accessible on the Site detail the processing of personal data carried out by RENAULT when using the Site. To find out more about the processing of your personal data, click here 9 - Intellectual and Industrial Property The Site and its Content are protected under intellectual and / or industrial property rights. Photographs, texts, slogans, drawings, images, animated sequences with sound or not, as well as all works integrated into the Site are the property of RENAULT or third parties that have assigned their rights to RENAULT or authorized RENAULT to use them. The models of Vehicles presented on the Site are protected under copyright and articles L511-1 et seq. Of the Intellectual Property Code relating to the protection of registered models. The RENAULT designations, the names of the Vehicles in the RENAULT range and the products and services associated with them, the slogans and logos accompanying these brands are, unless otherwise indicated, trademarks registered by RENAULT or other companies of the Renault Group. Other brands which would also be mentioned are used by RENAULT either with the authorization of their holder, or as a simple indication of products or services offered by RENAULT. Reproductions, on a paper or computer support of the Content are authorized, provided that they are strictly reserved for personal use excluding any use for advertising and / or commercial and / or information purposes and that they comply with provisions of article L122-5 of the Intellectual Property Code. With the exception of the above provision, the reproduction, imitation, use or affixing, by any process whatsoever and on any medium whatsoever, of all or part of the Content without having obtained the prior authorization from RENAULT or the holder (s) of the related rights constitutes a forgery offense punishable by four years' imprisonment and a fine of € 400,000. 10 - Applicable law The Site and these T & Cs are subject to French law. Any dispute that arises concerning the interpretation and / or execution of these T & Cs must be the subject of an attempt to reach an amicable settlement. In the absence of an amicable settlement, the dispute will be submitted to the courts of the jurisdiction of the Paris Court of Appeal to which the parties attribute exclusive jurisdiction, notwithstanding the plurality of defendants or claims for compensation from third parties. 11 - Updating of the CGURENAULT reserves the right to modify and update the present CGU without notice, at any time and without prior information to the Users. If necessary, modifications and updates will be imposed on the User as soon as they are published on the Site, it is up to the User to consult the General Terms and Conditions in force each time they connect to the Site. 12 - Miscellaneous provisions 12.1 Absence of waiver The fact, for one of the parties, not to invoke a clause of these T & Cs cannot be interpreted as a temporary or final waiver for the benefit of the provision in question which will remain in force. 12.2. Nullity of a clause If one or more stipulations of these T & Cs is declared invalid, null or not written on the Site of the regulations in force, of an evolution or following a final decision of a competent court, the other stipulations will keep their full force and scope, the parties agreeing as soon as possible to put in place a valid replacement provision and an equivalent scope as close as possible to the spirit of the present. 12.3 Force Majeure Expressly considered as force majeure, in addition to those usually retained by the case law of French courts, bad weather, government and legal restrictions and modifications, computer breakdowns and telecommunications blockages, server failures RENAULT and any other case beyond the express will of RENAULT. Back to top Get an answer in less than 4 hours offersOur vehicles by rangeRestons connectedLegal informationPersonal dataCookies © renault 2017 - 2020