Our offers worldwide - Groupe Renault Go to: Main Menu Content Footer Groupe Groupe Automobile manufacturer since 1898, we are present in 134 countries and sold nearly 3.8 million vehicles in 2019. To meet the great technological challenges of the future and pursue our profitable growth strategy, we rely on our international development and rely on the complementarity of our five brands: Renault, Dacia, Renault Samsung Motors, Alpine and LADA. Discover the Group section Key figures Drive the future Brands Activities Motor sport History Locations Our management The Innovation Innovation Alliance In order to develop the mobility of tomorrow, we work around four major areas of innovation. Discover them! Discover the Innovation section Electric vehicle Connected vehicle Autonomous vehicle Mobility services OPEN INNOVATION Industry 4.0 Commitments Commitments Discover our solutions implemented to reduce the impact of societal and environmental problems. Discover the section Commitments Environment Corporate social responsibility Personal data Foundation and patronage Ethics Finance Finance Find our publications, results and financial events. Discover the Finance section Analysts & investors Individual shareholders Financial information General meeting 2020 Governance Regulated information Talents Talents Want to join the Renault Group? Explore the automotive trades and explore all career opportunities. Discover the Talents section Our offers in the World Join us Evolve @ Groupe Renault Discover our professions Your personal data in terms of recruitment The professions of Agile transformation on a scale The professions of the Factory 4.0 Media News On'Air News On 'Air Discover our ON'AIR magazine on the news of mobility that is reinventing itself and our blog articles. Discover the section News On'Air Articles Top Stories #easyelectriclife EN Our offers in the world We are always looking for talented candidates. Want to take a look at our job offers? We may have the job you need. Search for an offer Can't find the country of your dreams in this list? This does not mean that there are no job offers. Try your luck on our LinkedIn page! Headlines To discover our professions, go behind the scenes with those who speak it best. Tiphaine, data scientist What is the role of data scientists at Renault? How are they formed? What is the atmosphere like in the office? What is the telework policy? Who would be the ideal candidate to join the team? In this interview "You have a message", Tiphaine tells us about her daily life. More jobs Discover our latest offers! Our offers on Linkedin Newsletter Follow in real time the news from the Renault Press Group Find out more about the Renault Group History Group The art collection Brands All our Talent websites Find an offer in the world Discover our professions Evolve @ Groupe Renault Regulations Regulations Reach RDE device Need help? Ask a question © Groupe Renault 2020 Use of cookies Personal data Legal notices Credits Site map world renault-door shake-hand trophee instagram-slider instagram-video arrow2 blockquote-close blockquote-open bulb calendar-2 calendar camera car check cross2 cup download file flag glass google-calendar heart home import link-border pinterest-border pinterest instagram facebook-border facebook linkedin-border linkedin twitter-border twitter snapchat-border youtube youtube-color youtube2 live non-class orga outlook picture pin-empty pin profile- check profiles rse screen search spam star talk three-profile arrow car route arrow-circle-left divider support document calendar-3 download-2 graph community collaborators arrow-thin electric electric_plug search1 less more share snapchat-2