Who we are | AUTORICAMBI FINAMORE AUTORICAMBI FINAMORE AUTORICAMBI FINAMORE Original Parts Renault - Dacia - Nissan Home »Who we are Who we are print page Share | | About our company Our company has a consolidated experience in the Auto parts sector, in which it has been operating for over 30 years. Our professionalism and experience is put at your service to try to satisfy your every need. AUTORICAMBI FINAMORE sells all types of products relating to the automotive world. Our specialization RENAULT and DACIA allows us to always be at the forefront. The Renault Group Renault's identikit is that of a dynamic company, in which its values ​​of innovation and creativity are reflected. Within the large industrial and technological reality of the Renault Group, Renault Italy can boast of absolutely excellent results, achieved above all thanks to the professionalism and competence of its resources. In fact, Renault's success is based on the passion for its work of men and women who know how to work in a close-knit team to anticipate and support the needs of our customers. The Renault-Dacia alliance Renault acquired the Romanian brand Dacia in 1999. Within a few years, the Dacia production system was entirely modernized and adapted to Renault's standards of quality, safety and respect for the environment. Dacia has thus become the Group's development center in Central and Eastern Europe. Its vocation: to establish itself in new automotive markets with modern, robust and economic models. The Renault-Nissan Alliance Linked by cross-shareholdings (Renault holds 44.4% of Nissan and Nissan 15% of Renault), the two companies share a coherent strategy, common objectives and principles, industrial and commercial cooperation, but respect their identity and their respective brands. The Alliance develops a profitable growth strategy with three objectives: To be recognized by customers as one of the three best automotive groups for the quality and attractiveness of products and services in the world and in every segment of the range. Place yourself among the best automotive groups in the world in key technologies, taking advantage of the know-how that each of the two companies has in the specific domains of excellence. Consistently achieve an operating result that places the Alliance among the top three automotive groups thanks to a high operating margin. The strength of the numerous synergies generated by the Alliance over the past years in the technical, industrial, commercial, IT and purchasing fields, as well as the results of the two companies allow Renault-Nissan to be actively present on most of the world markets today . Home Who we are Where we are Contacts Products © Copyright 2014 AUTORICAMBI FINAMORE. All rights reserved.