Contacts | AUTORICAMBI FINAMORE AUTORICAMBI FINAMORE AUTORICAMBI FINAMORE Renault Genuine Parts - Dacia - Nissan Home »Contacts Contacts Autoricambi Finamore s.r.l. Address: Via di Bravetta, 114/116 - 00164 Location: Rome Rm Italy VAT number: 04524001007 Tel: 06.6626688 Fax: 06.6626688 autoricambifinamoresrl@virgilio.it Carlo Giorgetti carlo.giorgetti@autoricambifinamore.it Davide Finamore davide.finamore@autoricambifinamore.it Where we are * Required fieldsNameSurnameBusiness nameTelephoneEmailMessage * After reading this privacy policy * I consent to the processing of my personal data. PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING * (Privacy policy pursuant to art. 13 of Legislative Decree 196/2003) We inform you that the data you will provide to the operator of this site at the time of filling in the "contact form" (or form or form mail) available on the site itself, will be processed in compliance with the provisions of Legislative Decree 196/2003, Code regarding the protection of personal data. The contact form made available on the site has the sole purpose of allowing site visitors to contact, if they wish, the manager of the site, by sending an email to the manager through the aforementioned form. This information concerns personal data sent by the visitor user when filling out the contact form. We inform you of the fact that the data that you voluntarily provide through the form will be transformed into an email that may possibly be kept within the email reception system used by the site owner. These data will not be recorded on other media or devices, nor will other data deriving from your browsing on the site be recorded. 1. PURPOSE OF THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA The purposes of the processing of your data are as follows: The data you send will be used for the sole purpose of being able to possibly contact you through the references you left through the contact form to process any of your requests contained in the message sent by you via the contact form available on the site. 2. NATURE OF DATA PROCESSED AND PROCESSING METHODS a. The personal data processed will be exclusively the common data strictly necessary and pertinent to the purposes referred to in point 1 above. b. The processing of the personal data provided is carried out by means of the operations or the set of operations indicated in art. 4 paragraph 1 lett. a) Legislative Decree 196/2003. c. The treatment is carried out directly by the owner's organization. 3. NATURE OF THE CONFERENCE AND CONSEQUENCES OF THE REFUSAL Remember that you are not obliged to provide the site manager with personal data by means of requests in the contact form. The provision of your data through the contact form is optional. However, the refusal to provide for the purposes referred to in art. 1 will make it impossible to contact the website operator through the contact form made available on the site. 4. DATA CONTROLLER The personal data collected through the contact form will be sent via email to the operator of this website, who will be the data controller. 5. DATA SUBJECT'S RIGHTS Remember that at any time you can exercise the rights attributed to you by art, 7 of Legislative Decree 196/2003 which we report below, by writing to the operator of this website via the contact form. Art. 7. of Legislative Decree 196/2003 Right of access to personal data and other rights 1. The interested party has the right to obtain confirmation of the existence or not of personal data concerning him, even if not yet registered, and their communication in an intelligible form. 2. The interested party has the right to be informed: a) of the origin of the personal data; b) the purposes and methods of treatment; c) the logic applied in case of treatment carried out with the aid of electronic instruments; d) the identity of the owner, manager and the representative appointed pursuant to article 5, paragraph 2; e) the subjects or categories of subjects to whom the personal data may be communicated or who can learn about them as appointed representative in the State, managers or agents. 3. The interested party has the right to obtain: a) updating, rectification or, when interested, integration of data; b) the cancellation, transformation into anonymous form or blocking of data processed in violation of the law, including those whose retention is unnecessary for the purposes for which the data were collected or subsequently processed; c) the attestation that the operations referred to in letters a) and b) have been brought to the attention, also as regards their content, of those to whom the data have been communicated or disseminated, except in the case in which this fulfillment occurs proves impossible or involves the use of means manifestly disproportionate to the protected right. 4. The interested party has the right to object, in whole or in part: a) for legitimate reasons, to the processing of personal data concerning him, as well as pertinent to the purpose of the collection; b) to the processing of personal data concerning him for the purpose of sending advertising materials or direct selling or for carrying out market research or commercial communication. 6. DURATION OF TREATMENT The treatment will last no longer than necessary for the purposes for which the data were collected. Home Who we are Where we are Contacts Products © Copyright 2014 AUTORICAMBI FINAMORE. All rights reserved.