Welcome to the GDHS | GDHS Skip to content. Main Navigation GDHS About Us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact Person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto Service GDHS Training Merchandise Management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & Exchange Working Groups Master Meetings Meetings Advisory Board Partners are sought for company successors Press Press Releases Images & Logos Press and Information material Career Go to partner.net Innovation.Partnership.Experience. Scroll & learn more. Welcome to the GDHS Our goal as a system provider is to jointly develop strategies that ensure that our partners do not miss a trend and continue to develop in a future-oriented manner. Helping to shape the progress in the tire trade through innovative support programs and thus, among other things, giving new, important impulses for expanding customer service has always been our goal. Every specialist company and entrepreneur who is looking for support because they do not want to cope with the diverse requirements of the market alone is advised by us personally and with regard to the individual market, its competitive environment and the local challenges. Linked to the national conditions, we, the experts in the tire trade, offer three concepts with the right strategy with our trading systems Premio Reifen + Autoservice, Quick tire discount and HMI, the retail marketing initiative. In addition, as a system provider, we strengthen the dealer's entrepreneurial skills, positively support the things that a partner is already doing well and give new impulses for further development from the group. Innovations Philosophy Omnichannel News Cologne 26.03.2020 New dealer representation for Premio Reifen + Autoservice and HMI At the beginning of the year, the partners of the GDHS channel Premio Reifen + Autoservice and the retail marketing initiative (HMI) were called to vote for the new GDHS - to submit specialist advisory councils. Find out more Cologne 03.03.2020 25 years of Quick - still successful together in the anniversary year The GDHS-Channel Quick tire discount has been successful in the market for a quarter of a century. Find out more Cologne 17.02.2020 Mastering the digital challenge - GDHS starts into the new decade The requirements of the digital world in workshop operation, succession planning and sustainability were the top issues in spring at the regional meetings of Premio Reifen + Autoservice and HMI in mid-January in Magdeburg, Neuss and Wurzburg. Learn more Further press releases Main navigation GDHS About us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto service GDHS training Merchandise management Trucks Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & exchange Working groups Master meetings Meetings Advisory board Partners are sought for company succession Press Press releases Pictures & logos Press and Information material Careers Service navigation Register Imprint Data protection Contact