Working groups GDHS Skip to content. Main Navigation GDHS About Us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact Person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto Service GDHS Training Merchandise Management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & Exchange Working Groups Master Meetings Meetings Advisory Board Partners are sought for company successors Press Press Releases Images & Logos Press and Information material Careers Working groups Home Partnership Working groups Working groups, round tables and user meetings The GDHS working groups help to continuously improve processes and procedures in the cooperation between headquarters and dealers. In the regular tiresoft 3 working groups, the partners have the opportunity to ask their questions and suggestions about the GDHS merchandise management system, tiresoft 3, and thus to participate effectively in the further development. You will also be informed about performance improvements and innovations and learn useful tricks and tricks for an even more effective use of the system. Several times a year, the partners have the opportunity to participate in the car service and / or truck working group. These meetings serve to address problems, questions and suggestions for improvement from the entrepreneurs, to develop and define common standards in the workshops and to think and discuss new service offers and their implementation. Dealer roundtables, IT workshops and user meetings are further communication platforms that are available to the GDHS partners. At various locations several times a year, the “regulars' tables” are a good opportunity to exchange ideas and information about the latest topics. In a manageable group, new marketing strategies and advertising initiatives are discussed and discussed, but current issues and problems in the industry are also discussed. In the workshops and user meetings, the participants get to know the correct handling of new functions in the inventory management tiresoft 3, learn about the latest developments in the program and have the opportunity to ask the specialists their questions. Main navigation GDHS About us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potential Car service GDHS training Merchandise management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & exchange Working groups Master meetings Conferences Advisory board Partners are sought Company press Press releases Pictures & logos Press and information material Career Service navigation Register Imprint Privacy Policy Contact