Privacy Policy GDHS Skip to content. Main Navigation GDHS About Us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact Person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto Service GDHS Training Merchandise Management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & Exchange Working Groups Master Meetings Meetings Advisory Board Partners are sought for company successors Press Press Releases Images & Logos Press and Information material Careers Data protection Home data protection This online data protection guideline (the "guideline") applies to the website www.gdhs.de (the "website"). GD Handelssysteme GmbH (GDHS) data protection obligation We, the Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company and our affiliates, respect individual data protection and value the trust of visitors to our website, our customers and other people with whom we do business. We strive to process personal data (as defined below) in accordance with the laws of the countries in which we do business. In the European Union, this includes the General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR") 1 from May 25, 2018. When you visit our website www.gdhs.de (hereinafter also GDHS or "we"), we process personal data about you (as defined below) In this context, GDHS acts as the controller, that is, the body responsible for the processing of personal data, since GDHS decides why and how your personal data is processed The purpose of this policy is to inform you about this and explain to you in full transparency: why and how GDHS collects, processes and stores your personal data; what its role as the "controller" of your personal data Data includes; and how your rights and our obligations in relation to this processing g Definitions For the purposes of this Policy, the following definitions apply: "Personal Information" means information related to an identified or identifiable natural person2; "Processing" means operations or series of operations that are carried out with or without the aid of automated procedures in relation to personal data or sets of personal data, such as the collection, recording, organization, storage, adaptation or modification, retrieval, of the Queries, use, disclosure through transmission, distribution or any other form of provision, combination or combination, as well as blocking, deletion or destruction and the verb "process" are interpreted accordingly; and "processor" means a natural or legal Person who processes personal data on behalf of the person responsible. GDHS processors can be affiliated companies or third party suppliers and service providers. In all cases, GDHS concludes a data processing contract with its processor to ensure that your personal data are processed in accordance with the GDPR. Information collection method of collection When you use the website, some personal data is simply collected based on your use. However, some functions of our website may require that you, GDHS voluntarily provide additional personal data. Categories of personal data collected We collect the following information from website visitors: your IP address; the domain of your internet service provider; the type and version of your browser, your operating system and your platform; Information regarding the pages visited, the information sought, the duration of visits to the website and other statistics; Information related to your habits and preferences; If you would like to have access to or benefit from certain features of our website, we may also ask you to provide the following additional information: basic identification information (such as your name and address, email address and telephone number); Content of electronic communications that you send us through the website; Detailed information about your tire retailer Consequences of refusing to provide personal data You are not legally obliged to provide your personal data to GDHS. Therefore, when personal data is collected (e.g. in forms), we will indicate whether the provision of this data is mandatory (e.g. by an asterisk). Cookies and similar technologies (web analysis) Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies, text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your technically shortened and therefore NOT traceable IP address) is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity for website operators and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if this is required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Under no circumstances will Google link your shortened and non-traceable IP address to other Google data. You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly. Alternatively, you can prevent the collection of data about the use of the website by the cookie (including your shortened and non-traceable IP address) and its transmission to Google by downloading and installing a browser plug-in provided by Google. You can still use our website without restriction. By using our website, you consent to the collection, processing and use of data about you by us and by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Security Taking into account the state of the art, the implementation costs and the type, scope, circumstances and purposes of processing as well as the different probability and severity of the risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons, GDHS takes the appropriate precautions to protect personal data in its Possession of loss, misuse and unauthorized access as well as disclosure, modification and destruction and in response to the misuse, loss or unauthorized use of this personal data. The information collected by GDHS can be stored in third party data storage systems (see the “Third party recipients” section below). In these cases, GDHS also requires these third parties to use security practices and systems to ensure the protection of the information. Purpose and legal basis of the processing Purposes of data processing GDHS and processors who act on behalf of GDHS use the personal data that you provide to GDHS for the following purposes: Regular sending of press releases about our company, people from our company and our services You or the company you work for may find it interesting to use the email address you provided (if any) to communicate with you in response to requests submitted by you. Legal basis of processing. We may not process personal data if we don't have a valid legal basis. Therefore, we only process personal data if: we have received your prior consent; processing is necessary to carry out our contractual obligations to you or to take pre-contractual steps at your request; the processing is necessary in the legitimate interest of GDHS and does not have an excessive impact on your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Please note that whenever we process your personal information on this basis, we always try to maintain a balance between our legitimate interests and your privacy. Examples of such "legitimate interests" are: benefiting from inexpensive services (e.g. we can decide to use certain platforms offered by external suppliers when processing data); offer our customers or potential customers our products and services to better manage and manage the relationships with our customers and their data; improve the quality of services for our customers by considering their preferences in terms of means of communication (telephone, email etc.) and frequency; measure our customers' interest in GDHS and gain a better understanding of customer interaction with marketing emails, including by performing statistical and other research and analyzing data related to the status of emails (undelivered, delivered, open); Sell ​​parts of our company or its assets, or if substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information could be part of one of the assets we sell; Prevent fraud or crime, misuse of our products or services, and the security of our IT systems, architecture, and networks; and to achieve our corporate goals and social responsibility goals; Third party recipients We can transfer personal data to our employees (if they need them to perform their tasks) and other companies of the Goodyear Group. These other group companies either act as another controller (in this case you will be informed separately about this processing) or they process the personal data only in the name and at the request of the controller (who thereby acts as a processor). In addition, we can also transfer your personal data to third-party processors outside of the GDHS in order to fulfill the purposes listed above, provided that they need them when executing the instructions that we have given them. Such third party processors can be: our (IT) service providers, cloud service providers and database providers; our consultants, suppliers and service providers who support GDHS in promoting and marketing its products and services. Cross-border data transfers The personal data transferred within the Goodyear Group or outside of GDHS can also be processed in a country outside the European Economic Area, which includes the EU member states, Iceland and Norway (the "EEA"). Your personal data will be processed outside the Prior to such a transfer, we will conclude the EU standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission to ensure the level of protection required for the personal data transferred.You can request additional information and a copy of the protection measure concerned by exercising your rights as described below (see chapter “Your rights”). Data storage GDHS will only keep your personal data for as long as is necessary for the stated purposes, or for legal purposes However, if a person wishes to have their personal data removed from our databases before the expiry of this period, they can make a request as described below. Your rights You have a right to access your personal data processed by GDHS in accordance with this policy. If you believe that information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can also ask for it to be corrected. GDHS will correct this information immediately. You are also entitled: to request the deletion of your personal data; request the restriction of the processing of your personal data; Revoke your consent given to GDHS to process your personal data (without this revocation affecting the lawfulness of the processing prior to the revocation); to object to the processing of your personal data for other purposes in certain cases in which GDHS processes your personal data on a legal basis other than your approval, and GDHS complies with these claims or this revocation or objection as provided for in the relevant data protection regulations. You also have the right to data portability. This is the right to receive the personal data that you have provided to GDHS in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transfer this personal data to a third party without being prevented by GDHS and in accordance with yours To require confidentiality obligations. If you would like to exercise the aforementioned rights, please send an email to datenschutz [at] gdhs.de together with a scan / copy of the front and back of your ID card or passport for identification purposes. If you do not want to receive any emails or other communications from GDHS, please adjust your communication preferences by sending an email to datenschutz [at] gdhs.de. GDHS sends all requests regarding the removal of names from mailing lists or email lists in compliance with relevant data protection laws. If you have any questions or if you are not satisfied with the way GDHS processes your personal data, please let us know by sending a message to datenschutz [at] gdhs.de. We will examine your question or complaint and will get back to you as soon as possible. You are also entitled to make a complaint to the responsible data protection authority at any time. Other websites The website may contain links to non-Goodyear websites and we make every effort to link only to websites that comply with our high standards and our compliance with data protection. However, GDHS is not responsible for the content of the non-Goodyear websites or the data protection practices applied by them. Updates to this Policy Future updates to the processing of your personal data as described in this Policy will be notified to you in advance through our website (through a pop-up or otherwise) as well as through our other usual communication channels (e.g. by email if) available). 1. Regulation 2016/679 of the EU Parliament and of the Council of April 27, 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of data as well as the repeal of Directive 95/46 / EC. 2. An identifiable natural person is a person who, directly or indirectly, in particular by assignment to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or one or more special characteristics, expresses the physical, physiological, genetic, psychological, economic, cultural or social identity of this natural person can be identified. Main navigation GDHS About us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potential Car service GDHS training Merchandise management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & exchange Working groups Master meetings Conferences Advisory board Partners are sought Company press Press releases Pictures & logos Press and information material Career Service navigation Register Imprint Privacy Policy Contact