New dealer agency Premio and HMI Skip to content. Main navigation GDHS About us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto service GDHS training Merchandise management Trucks Premio Tuning Partnership Dialogue & exchange Working groups Master meetings Meetings Advisory board Partners are sought Company press releases Press releases Pictures & Logos Press and information material Career New dealer representation for Premio Reifen + Autoservice and HMI Home Press New dealer representation for Premio Reifen + Autoservice and HMI Cologne, 26.03.2020 At the beginning of the year, the partners of the GDHS channel were Premio Reifen + Autoservice and the trade marketing Initiative (HMI) called to vote for the election of the new GDHS specialist advisory board. The dealer advisory board plays an important role within the GDHS structure. He is the contact person for all questions and acts as an intermediary, representing the interests of the individual dealers vis-à-vis the GDHS headquarters. He is involved in strategic questions and concerns, such as the development of individual trading systems, and decisions relevant to expansion. A total of 278 premium and HMI partners with voting rights exercised their right to vote when choosing the new specialist advisory board. Two representatives from Premio Reifen + Autoservice companies and two representatives from the group of HMI partners were available. The official final result was available before the specialist trade conferences and the following people were elected to the Advisory Board: Robert Jäger, Premio Reifen + Autoservice Jäger GmbH from Munich, Jörg Lauterbach, Premio Reifen + Autoservice Hartmut Lauterbach GmbH from Warstein, Michael Kompter, Kompter Reifen- und Autoservice in Naumburg, as well as Felix Reuter, Reifen-Reuter KG, in Nideggen. Jörg Lauterbach joins the Advisory Board as a new member. Robert Jäger, Michael Kompter and Felix Reuter were confirmed in office. They form together with Joachim Hirschkorn, Premio Reifen + Autoservice Zink & Hirschkorn GbR in Friedberg, Heiner Späth, Premio Reifen + Autoservice Späth & Keilich GmbH from Wetzlar, Jörg Radermacher, Reifen Radermacher GmbH in Kempenich, and Werner Unterburger, Reifen Unterburger from Beilngries the GDHS specialist advisory board for the next two years. Honored for decades of commitment: Thomas Weitz Long-time advisory board member Thomas Weitz did not stand for election this time. For his decades of commitment - Weitz has been active on the Advisory Board since 1996 and has been its spokesman for the past 20 years - Weitz was honored and adopted at the regional conferences in Neuss. Goran Zubanovic, managing director of DG Trade Systems, did not miss the opportunity to choose very personal words to say goodbye. “Thomas Weitz has worked on the GDHS network as an advisory board for over two decades. He often placed his advisory board work above his own company and always acted in the interests of his colleagues. Now, dear Thomas, you have decided to only pursue your main job, namely to be a tire dealer and entrepreneur. Thanks for the time and the great moments. I will miss you on the advisory board. ”His long-standing colleagues on the advisory board also sadly bid farewell to the entrepreneur from Lünen as spokesman for the advisory board. The election of the new advisory board spokesman and his representative was carried out this week due to the current situation via video transmission, which all those involved had unanimously approved. Robert Jäger was elected spokesman and Jörg Radermacher as his representative. The GDHS Advisory Board will also hold the upcoming meeting scheduled for early April online. "In this way, we can enter into a productive exchange even in the current situation and continue working together," said the new Advisory Board member Jörg Lauterbach. Caption: Part of the advisory board and the GDHS say thank you to Thomas Weitz: Jörg Lauterbach, Werner Unterburger, Michael Kompter, Jörg Rademacher, Goran Zubanovic, Thomas Weitz, Felix Reuter, Robert Jäger, Carsten Scholz and Edgar Zühlke (from left to right). Related documents Parts of the GDHS Advisory Board and the GDHS headquarters say goodbye to Thomas Weitz: Jörg… 1.64 MB GDHS Advisory Board (Goran Zubanovic and Thomas Weitz) jpg1.11 MB Press release word 48.56 KB Press release pdf151.49 KB Download all files Main navigation GDHS About us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS contact person innovations development digitization omnichannel potential auto service GDHS training merchandise management truck premio tuning partnership dialogue & exchange working groups master meetings meetings advisory board partners are sought company succession press press releases pictures & logos press and information material career service navigation register imprint data protection contact