Partnership | GDHS Skip to content. Main Navigation GDHS About Us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact Person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto Service GDHS Training Merchandise Management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & Exchange Working Groups Master Meetings Meetings Advisory Board Partners are sought for company successors Press Press Releases Images & Logos Press and Information material Careers Partnership Home Partnership Many entrepreneurs - one common goal For us, partnership is not just a word, but a reality lived in and by DG Trade Systems. We show this in our corporate structures and departments, but above all in dealing with our partners. Because the GDHS would be nothing without the people who are part of the network. They shape our structures with their thoughts, ideas and stories and give them a face. In fact, there are many faces, because each GDHS partner is an individual entrepreneur with his own ideas and principles according to which he runs his company. Despite all the individuality, our partners share one common goal: to remain one of the industry's most successful players in the future. To achieve this goal, you have joined the GDHS network, have become part of something big and are making the decisions for a successful future together. Dialogue and exchange We, the GDHS, attach particular importance to personal communication with our partners. Because only through direct partnership-based exchange and dialogue can we shape our network and our organization for the future, continue to grow and derive optimal benefit from this size. The GDHS therefore offers its partners numerous platforms for direct dialogue. The events taking place at regular intervals enable a lively exchange between the partners, and of course also between the partners and the employees of the GDHS headquarters. Each individual is addressed here to participate and asked to actively participate in the further development of the network. Because our network is our partner! Main navigation GDHS About us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potential Car service GDHS training Merchandise management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & exchange Working groups Master meetings Conferences Advisory board Partners are sought Company press Press releases Pictures & logos Press and information material Career Service navigation Register Imprint Privacy Policy Contact