25 years of Quick together successful Directly to the content Main navigation GDHS About us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto service GDHS training Merchandise management Trucks Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & exchange Working groups Master meetings Meetings Advisory board Partners are sought for company successors Press Press releases Images & Logos Press and information material Career 25 years of Quick - together they continue to be successful in their anniversary year Home Press 25 years of Quick - together they continue to be successful in their anniversary year Cologne, 03.03.2020 The GDHS-Channel Quick tire discount has been successfully asserting itself on the market for a quarter of a century. With an increased local online presence, a well-regulated succession and the further optimization of the individual work processes, this should continue to be the case in the future. “Quick, that means a network from people for people and that for 25 years; we want to celebrate this in a larger group than we are normally used to at our conferences. ”Peter Wegener warmly greeted partners and guests at the spring conference in Bad Homburg at the end of January. Wegener has been with the GDHS discounter since the very beginning and has been instrumental in its development for the past 25 years. With enthusiasm, passion and a lot of energy, Wegener and his team steer the fortunes of the Quick Group - and the success of the group proves the concept right. An example of this is the year 2019, which was one of the best years for Quick in terms of development in the A segment (22% increase), Wegener explained in an introductory review of the previous year. In its development in the market, the Quick Group was 4.3% better than the wdk market in 2019, as the head of Quick knew. Benjamin Karmainski, Operations Manager Quick, then prepared a brief summary for the partners of the marketing measures and campaigns that were successful last year. With an increase of around 44%, the GDHS channel achieved absolute top results in online business. The quick partners also performed significantly better online than the market, which once again proves that the concept not only works, but also proves itself successfully in competition, says Karmainski. Such success is of course only possible thanks to a broad acceptance of the measures and modules provided by the headquarters as well as a high level of participation by the partners in the various campaigns. "You live the online business, so we are homogeneous as a group and this homogeneity makes us strong," said Wegener and Karmainski partners and participants. "At the beginning we were a bit aggressive according to the discounter concept of our concept, after that we became cheeky", GDHS Managing Director Goran Zubanovic recalled the beginnings of the Quick Group, "but we have always remained authentic and honest, that is what distinguishes us “Zubanovic continues. Google has changed the world significantly in the past decades and has thus shaped the purchasing behavior of customers, who now have the opportunity to shop around the clock on the Internet. With an online business that is impressive, the Quick Group has undergone this change like no other and has adapted perfectly to the new market requirements, emphasized Zubanovic. With all the success, one should not forget to think about tomorrow today and to take care of the successor of one's own business in good time, advised Zubanovic. Together with the partners, they are working on the development of structures that can be helpful in the search for and regulation of succession. Jürgen Titz, Managing Director of Goodyear Dunlop Tires Germany (GDTG), who did not miss the opportunity to personally congratulate the Quick Group on the anniversary, praised the successful concept of the GDHS discounter. “Over the years, Quick has developed a system that has something that no one else offers in this form; that makes Quick unique in the market and therefore successful, and has been for an incredible 25 years, ”he emphasized. In particular, the positive way in which specialists in their field work together on all three sides - the Goodyear Group, the GDHS headquarters and, of course, the dealers - is a real guarantee of success, says Titz enthusiastically. Claus-Christian Schramm, Sales Director Consumer Tires Tire Trade Germany at GDTG, also attended the conference together with Jürgen Titz. When it comes to tires and electromobility, Goodyear is in the middle of developing innovative products in all areas, Schramm reported. In addition, partners and end consumers can look forward to almost 300 new products and sizes for the 2020 summer season, Schramm continues. Some measures to make 2020 another year of success for Quick were presented to the conference participants by Marvin Wild, Manager E-Commerce & Tuning at DG Trading Systems. For example, the 2020 e-commerce timetable is aimed in particular at strengthening the local online presence. Because if you want to be clearly visible online, you not only have to spread your business data widely, but above all you need to carefully maintain and synchronize your online information, that is crucial for success, Wild emphasized. He also advised the partners to strive for professional evaluation management, since evaluations are now considered to be advertising of the online business and the correct handling of positive and negative evaluations is accordingly important. It became practical in the workshops on day two. Here, participants and partners were not only able to find out about the latest developments in the areas of "pricing" and "logistics" and discuss current issues, but also received important user tips in the tiresoft 3 workshop. In addition, the partners were introduced to the other digitization steps that are planned with the company's own ERP system, which in particular will further simplify electronic archiving and scanner connection in the future. Peter Wegener and his team had prepared a festive supporting program for the partners, participants and guests, in which jubilees were honored and everyone was in the mood for the next 25 years. Related documents Quick conference Peter Wegener jpg781.48 KB Quick conference plenary jpg1.89 MB Quick conference workshop jpg1.82 MB Press release word946 KB Press release pdf238.42 KB Download all files Main navigation GDHS About us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto Service GDHS Training Merchandise Management Trucks Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & Exchange Working Groups Master Meetings Meetings Advisory Board Partners are sought for company succession Press Press releases Images & logos Press and information material Careers Service navigation Register Imprint Data protection Contact