Concepts | GDHS Skip to content. Main Navigation GDHS About Us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact Person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto Service GDHS Training Merchandise Management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & Exchange Working Groups Master Meetings Meetings Advisory Board Partners are sought for company successors Press Press Releases Images & Logos Press and Information material Career concepts Home About the GDHS concepts The right concept for every partner Over the years, the GDHS has developed three concepts that are tailored to the different needs of entrepreneurs in the industry. Each concept, Premio Reifen + Autoservice, the Retail Marketing Initiative (HMI) and Quick Tire Discount, demands different requirements from its partners and offers a range of service modules tailored to the partners. Despite all the differences, all three concepts are equally part of the GDHS network and benefit from the expertise and expertise of our specialists. Premio Reifen + Autoservice: In addition to the classic tire service, the full service concept from GDHS also relies on a comprehensive vehicle service. Premio partners are locally established, owner-managed master companies that want to successfully contest the future of their company with a strong organization behind them. Find out more ... Quick tire discount: The recipe for success of the tire discounter from the GDHS network is the concentration on four core competencies: tires, rims, wheel assembly and wheel alignment. The combination of fair prices, high quality products and fast professional service for tires and rims makes the Quick concept unbeatable. Find out more ... Retail Marketing Initiative: The cooperation concept is the largest trading system under the GDHS umbrella. For more than thirty years, the concept has been aimed at those who want to assert themselves in tough competition in their individual market presence. Find out more ... 4Fleet Group: For more than 20 years it has stood for process optimization in fleet management and is one of the leading service companies in the field of tire management. In addition to the support of vehicle fleets in the area of ​​tires and wheels of cars, vans or commercial vehicles (trucks, light trucks), individual agreements in the area of ​​car service are also included in the comprehensive range. Find out more ... TYSYS: Responsible for the competent marketing of complete wheels, rims and tires within the GDHS network. Equipped with the latest technology, up to 3,000 complete bikes can be produced in a 3-shift system. Find out more ... Main navigation GDHS About us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto service GDHS training Merchandise management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialogue and exchange Working groups Master meetings Meetings Advisory board Partners are sought for company succession Press Press releases Images & logos Press and information material Career Service navigation Register Imprint Data protection Contact