Imprint | GDHS Skip to content. Main Navigation GDHS About Us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact Person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto Service GDHS Training Merchandise Management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & Exchange Working Groups Master Meetings Meetings Advisory Board Partners are sought for company successors Press Press Releases Pictures & Logos Press and Information material Career Imprint Home Imprint Publisher GD Handelssysteme GmbH Goran Zubanovic (Managing Director) Sturmius Wehner (Managing Director) Xantener Str. 105 D-50733 Cologne Tel .: + 49 (0) 221 97666-295E-Mail: kontakt [at] gdhs.de Commercial Register : Hanau District Court, HRB 91630USt-Ident-No .: DE 245645148 Press contact Anne Reckanne.reck [at] gdhs.de Web design and implementation aha! Agency for commercial marketing Legal information about this website / terms of use: All rights reserved. All information on the website is the property of GD Handelssysteme GmbH. They represent the latest information at the time of publication. No liability or guarantee for the topicality, correctness and completeness of the information and data provided is excluded. This also applies to all other websites to which reference is made by means of a hyperlink. Neither GD Handelssysteme GmbH nor subsidiaries are responsible for the content of such sites. The information on the website in no way represents legal assurances. GD Handelssysteme GmbH reserves the right to make changes, deletions or additions to the information or data provided if necessary. No legal claims can be derived from the subject areas described here. Offers are not binding in all parts. Neither GD Handelssysteme GmbH nor the subsidiaries are liable for direct or indirect damage caused by the use of the information or data that can be found on this website. There are no rights and obligations between GD Handelssysteme GmbH and the user of the website or third parties. The place of performance and exclusive place of jurisdiction is Hanau. © 2003-2018 GD Handelssysteme GmbH, Hanau Main navigation GDHS About us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potential Auto service GDHS training Merchandise management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & exchange Working groups Master meetings Meetings Advisory board Partners are sought for company press releases Pictures & Logos Press and information material Career Service navigation Register Imprint Data protection Contact