GDHS starts into the new decade Skip to content. Main navigation GDHS About us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto service GDHS training Merchandise management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & exchange Working groups Master meetings Meetings Advisory board Partners are sought for company press releases Press releases Pictures & Logos Press and information material Career Mastering the digital challenge - GDHS starts the new decade Home Press Mastering the digital challenge - GDHS starts the new decade Cologne, February 17, 2020 The demands of the digital world in workshop operations, succession planning and sustainability were the top issues in spring the regional meetings of Premio Reifen + Autoservice and HMI in mid-January in Magdeburg, Neuss and Würzburg. "Where do we stand as a system provider and how and where do we want to change and develop?" Was the question asked by GDHS Channel Manager Carsten Scholz, Head of Premio Reifen + Autoservice, and Edgar Zühlke, Head of the Retail Marketing Initiative (HMI), at the beginning of the spring round of DG Trading Systems. The lectures and workshops gave a good overview of the already existing abundance of support measures that the GDHS has developed for their partners, and the increasing networking of these modules in order to cope with the increasing digital requirements inside and outside the workshop. A brief review of the performance of GDHS and its affiliated partners in 2019 made it clear how well this system is running. Despite the challenges of the market, they are making their business stable and profitable and are integrating the digital instruments provided into their sales process more and more. André Vennemann, Business Manager Commercial at GD Handelssysteme, impressively demonstrated the high quality standards, the good proximity to consumers and the tendency towards increased services in the commercial segment at the beginning of the truck conference integrated into the regional conference. "We are and will remain the strong force in the network," remarked Vennemann. After all, with a proud 75% of the breakdowns, the majority went to the GDHS network. With an acceptance rate of more than 76%, the network is also significantly above the national average, as Vennemann continued. This commitment is reflected in a slight increase in sales and the group can look forward to the upcoming season and the new year with a good feeling. The further expansion of services such as For example, Goodyear Proactive Solutions and the stricter TPMS legislation for vans, buses and trucks from 2022 will further increase the partners' profitability in the future. Customer supply and increased profitability - the 4Fleet Group also pursues these goals in both the truck and car fleet segment with its fleet management offering. As a new building block, after the successfully completed pilot phase, the auto service area as a service for fleet operators will expand the 4Fleet Group's offer from this year. Goodyear and FRI, the Free Tire Purchasing Initiative, will continue to provide GDHS partners, who will increasingly focus on expanding their service portfolio in 2020, with reliable earnings from the purchase of high-quality products in the tire and rim segment. This increases the chance for dealers to distinguish themselves in the market as specialists who can not only offer the quantity of new dimensions and specifications relating to tires and wheels, but can also process them. At the beginning of a new decade, GDHS managing director Goran Zubanovic stated that he was inclined to look back over the past twenty years. “Looking back, I see many faces today that I was allowed to look at twenty years ago. So we can rightly say that we have done a lot of good, ”said Zubanovic. He made it clear that in addition to the challenges of the digital world, there is an increasing focus on a second major topic that the industry has to deal with: climate protection. Sustainability in products and a carbon-neutral footprint of companies play an increasingly important role for consumers. According to Zubanovic, being well positioned here is forward-looking. Together with the partners, they want to reflect on the market and the competitive situation and observe how the customer behaves and changes in order to be able to plan and act conscientiously. Despite the stable general conditions, Zubanovic warned of the high dynamics of change in the market and advised the partners to take care of a successor at an early stage and to further standardize processes in the company. Dennis Epping, Manager Retail Operations (GDHS), brought together the wealth of GDHS support measures in a so-called “big picture”. Based on the picture, Epping vividly demonstrated the complexity of the interaction of data that only comes into play in a continuous sales process from the online order to the closing of the sale. “Our vision is to be system partner No. 1 and to remain so. This means that we offer you the right solutions and want to develop them together with you, ”says Epping. The HMI and Premio conference left the partners plenty of room for discussion. The separate HMI and Premio conference blocks gave the dealers further details. The focus here was on news from the areas of "marketing", "pricing", "auto service", "e-commerce" and "succession planning" and was discussed in a smaller group. When it came to sustainability, Michael Ammann, Marketing Manager (GDHS), appealed to the partners' corporate responsibility. But he also had good news because the roadmap to climate neutrality is already in the process of being implemented, says Ammann. At the request of the GDHS partners after the last round of the conference, Yorick Lowin, Managing Director of BRV, was also invited to the spring conference. Lowin presented the various services of the association: Starting with the supportive legal advice over company comparisons and analyzes to technical advice, members are well looked after together with the popular standard work, the BRV manual. New are the online offer "MyBRV" and the more user-friendly website with all the important information. In addition, Lowin dealt in particular with the topics "training campaign", "wdk certificate" and "status as master craftsman", since these topics are decisive for the success or failure of a company. There was enough space to honor the many anniversaries that the GDHS network was also able to celebrate at these regional meetings, and the partners had further discussions during the interactive question and answer sessions as well as between the individual lectures and at the evening event. It is the mutual dialogue that contributes to the further networking of system providers and partners and connects the GDHS channel to strong partners who are positive about the future. Associated documents GDHS regional conference plenary jpg1.49 MB GDHS regional conference Goran Zubanovic jpg1.35 MB GDHS regional conference Edgar Zühlke / Carsten Scholz jpg1.28 MB GDHS regional conference dialogue jpg1.49 MB GDHS regional conference dialogue jpg1.51 MB press release doc53.28 KB1 press release doc53.28 KB1. 55 KB Download all files Main navigation GDHS About us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potential Auto service GDHS training Merchandise management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & exchange Working groups Master meetings Meetings Advisory board Partners are sought for company succession Press Press releases Images & logos Press and information material Careers Service navigation Register Imprint Data protection Contact