ERP | GDHS Skip to content. Main Navigation GDHS About Us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact Person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto Service GDHS Training Merchandise Management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & Exchange Working Groups Master Meetings Meetings Advisory Board Partners are sought for company successors Press Press Releases Images & Logos Press and Information material Career Merchandise Management tiresoft 3 Home Potential Merchandise Management tiresoft 3 The heart of the GDHS: tiresoft 3 With tiresoft 3, the GDHS has created an all-encompassing platform of system tools based on the existing Microsoft Dynamics software. All business processes and the company's value chain are represented in the tiresoft 3 ERP system. With the aim of making everyday tire work considerably easier for the tire specialist, the GDHS provides the merchandise management system tiresoft 3 for professional workshop and customer management. This is based on the needs of a motor vehicle workshop and helps to make the operating process as efficient as possible. On a consultation screen with all important customer, product, price and warehouse data, all necessary integrated connections can be accessed at the push of a button. The GDHS own parts catalog offers special advantages with all information for work in the workshop and the possibility of digital service acceptance, connection of industry, auto parts suppliers and purchasing platforms for an integrated ordering system, connection of dealers' own web shops for the mapping of all processes in the e- Commerce, professional market price analysis with stored price tracks, appointment management for all channels, customer approach and communication via the CRM tool and integrated finance. The merchandise management system tiresoft 3 is a living software, the functionality of which is continuously being developed together with the dealers. IT working groups, training of all employees, quality campaigns for intensive discussions on key topics and new functionalities and the regular exchange with local partners make this software so innovative and unique. Stability and investment security through the selected standard software as a base paired with the know-how of the developers of the system provider and the constant feedback from the connected independent entrepreneurs help to further streamline the processes in the companies, to be able to offer new services and to make handling easier for all employees and thus to increase the profitability and future viability of tire dealers. So that all users of the merchandise management system tiresoft 3 can actually exploit the potential of the system, regular tiresoft 3 user meetings take place. Here the participants receive useful tips and answers to their individual questions. Main navigation GDHS About us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potential Car service GDHS training Merchandise management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & exchange Working groups Master meetings Conferences Advisory board Partners are sought Company press Press releases Pictures & logos Press and information material Career Service navigation Register Imprint Privacy Policy Contact