GDHS training | GDHS Skip to content. Main Navigation GDHS About Us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact Person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto Service GDHS Training Merchandise Management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & Exchange Working Groups Master Meetings Meetings Advisory Board Partners are sought for company successors Press Press Releases Images & Logos Press and Information material Career GDHS training Home Potentials GDHS training GDHS training center Competent employees in their fields are the basic prerequisite for the success of a company. This know-how must be regularly trained and developed, because only in this way can a professional service that is based on current developments and requirements be guaranteed. In our online training center, further training for all employees can be planned, booked and viewed later. For each partner company there is a complete overview of the current training status, regardless of whether the further training was completed in the GDHS training center or in another facility. Main topics The GDHS training center offers training in various areas such as "tires" and "chassis", "car service" and "communication". In addition, there is the possibility to acquire various property customers via the training center, which are indispensable for various jobs in car service today. Regular training courses on merchandise management tiresoft 3, in order to enable optimal use of the system, complete our versatile training program together with online training courses and learning videos on various topics. Management support program The training and support of young executives is very important to us and is an integral part of the GDHS training center. In the management support program, the participants learn everything that is necessary for modern company management and we can support our partners in matters of succession planning in the companies. The GDHS academies The GDHS academies "GDHS Service Consultants" and "GDHS Specialist Sellers" are a sensible combination of various training units for which employees can qualify in a special way. The units not only help to create a close connection between workshop and sales, but also help to improve customer service while simplifying it. Our flexible online continuing education offer is aimed primarily at entrepreneurs and managers who can benefit from a sensible mixture of online training, self-study and online tests and thus have the chance to continue their training. Main navigation GDHS About us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potential Car service GDHS training Merchandise management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & exchange Working groups Master meetings Conferences Advisory board Partners are sought Company press Press releases Pictures & logos Press and information material Career Service navigation Register Imprint Privacy Policy Contact