Omnichannel | GDHS Skip to content. Main Navigation GDHS About Us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact Person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto Service GDHS Training Merchandise Management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & Exchange Working Groups Master Meetings Meetings Advisory Board Partners are sought for company successors Press Press Releases Images & Logos Press and Information material Careers Omnichannel Communicate on all channels Home Innovations Omnichannel Communicate on all channels Professional combination of online and offline communication So that we can find the partners we are connected to, we now offer a wide range of online marketing aids. This includes local and central Google Adwords campaigns, an integrated online appointment planner, advanced technology in individual online shops with suitable prices and service packages, the choice of market-oriented price channels, customer supply via central brand pages and the appropriate advice in advertising planning. Today it is no longer enough to just be an online provider or to only address people in their local environment without the internet. The right mix of online and offline activities and a sensible selection of communication channels are the prerequisites for successful marketing. With our partners, we, the GDHS, have found that new customers in particular can be reached very easily via online campaigns. This is where we start and work on making maximum use of these contacts. Classic tire customers can thus become auto service customers if they come to the factories to install their tires and get to know professional advice, where direct, personal contact is still promising. The partners must not close their eyes to these new processes. They have to be open to new developments, try them out, gain experience and thus adapt their online and offline activities individually - the distribution of advertising budgets has to be reconsidered and, if necessary, adjusted. Above all, however, it is important that the look and feel of the company remains fully recognizable online as well as in the traditional approach to customers in newspapers, with handouts or on posters. Main navigation GDHS About us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potential Car service GDHS training Merchandise management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & exchange Working groups Master meetings Conferences Advisory board Partners are sought Company press Press releases Pictures & logos Press and information material Career Service navigation Register Imprint Privacy Policy Contact