TYSYS | GDHS Skip to content. Main Navigation GDHS About Us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact Person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto Service GDHS Training Merchandise Management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & Exchange Working Groups Master Meetings Meetings Advisory Board Partners are sought for company successors Press Press Releases Images & Logos Press and Information material Career TYSYS The complete bike expert Home About the GDHS concepts TYSYS The complete bike expert TYSYS TYSYS is responsible for the competent marketing of complete wheels, rims and tires within our GDHS structure. TYSYS 'customers are mainly car manufacturers, car dealerships, car repair shops and tire shops. Flexible manufacturing capacity enables both small and large orders in the complete bike area to be processed promptly and competently. With modern, ISO 9001 certified complete wheel assembly lines, TYSYS is able to manufacture up to 3,000 complete wheels per day in a 3-shift system. As part of the Goodyear-Dunlop group, TYSYS can not only access the warehouse capacities, but above all the group's logistics, which means: available goods are delivered to the customer within 24 hours. Using the online ordering system at www.tysys.de, customers can search for and order the desired products around the clock. As a customer-oriented service provider, TYSYS clearly stands out from the mass of anonymous online portals. The hotline staff are real experts for complete bikes and provide expert information on all wheel-tire combinations. In addition, TYSYS customers get a comprehensive overview of the current product range of winter complete wheels and tires as well as rims and TPMS in the TYSYS complete wheel catalog, which has been established for many years. Main navigation GDHS About us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potential Car service GDHS training Merchandise management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & exchange Working groups Master meetings Conferences Advisory board Partners are sought Company press Press releases Pictures & logos Press and information material Career Service navigation Register Imprint Privacy Policy Contact