Press | GDHS Skip to content. Main Navigation GDHS About Us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact Person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto Service GDHS Training Merchandise Management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & Exchange Working Groups Master Meetings Meetings Advisory Board Partners are sought for company successors Press Press Releases Images & Logos Press and Information material Career Press Home Press Archive search Sorting Date ascendingDate descending Keyword Month AllJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDec Year All202020192018 Channel - All -GDHSPremioQuickTiresoft Type - All -Top-TopicGDHS-Highlight Search Partners of the GDHS channel Premio Reifen + Autoservice and the Retail Marketing Initiative (HMI) are invited to vote for the election of the new GDHS specialist advisory board. Find out more 25 years of Quick - still successful together in the anniversary year Cologne, 03.03.2020 The GDHS-Channel Quick tire discount has been successful in the market for a quarter of a century. Learn more Master the digital challenge - GDHS starts into the new decade Cologne, February 17, 2020 The requirements of the digital world in workshop operations, succession planning and sustainability were the top issues in spring at the regional meetings of Premio Reifen + Autoservice and HMI in Magdeburg, Neuss in mid-January and Wuerzburg. Find out more The GDHS service consultant - successful further training with a system Cologne, February 13th, 2020 The partners of the GDHS specialist retail systems Premio Reifen + Autoservice and HMI (retail marketing initiative) have been relying on the training and further education measures offered by the GDHS training center for years. Find out more And the winner is ... Premio Tuning honors the top brands of the year 2019 Cologne, 04.12.2019 Dezent, KW, Remus, Rieger and Sonax are the best suppliers of the year 2019 in the eyes of the Premio Tuning dealers from Germany and Austria December the top brands of the year were honored with the coveted “Best Brands” awards at the Essen Motor Show. Find out more Quick Group starts its winter business with tailwind after the 50th conference Cologne, 10/01/2019 With a strong marketing mix, easy to find online and early, transparent annual planning, the Quick Tire Discount Group of GD Handelssysteme was able to Sales almost doubled in the last two years and started the 2019/2020 season positively. Find out more Summer conference in Austria: With a clearly defined path to a successful future Vienna, September 23, 2019 Over 50 partners discussed upcoming challenges, set goals, new opportunities and opportunities for the retail marketing initiative (HMI) in Aigen in the Enns Valley. Learn more More design even in winter: Premio Tuning News is available from more than 500 Premio Tuning partners in Germany from Cologne, 09/12/2019 Vehicle customization knows no winter break. The experts at Premio Tuning know this and also ensure more design in the cold season. Find out more Premio as an "honest dealer" confirms Cologne, 08/22/2019 Honesty lasts the longest - survey by the daily newspaper DIE WELT gives the tire & vehicle service top marks for the fourth time in a row. In the current evaluation campaign, customers emphasize the competence and transparency of the specialist retail brand Premio Reifen + Autoservice. Find out more Modern and future-oriented - the new GDHS partner.net is here Cologne, 07/18/2019 With the modernization of its GDHS partner.net, the GD Trading Systems (GDHS) have made the proven communication tool for their system users and partners future-proof. Find out more Page numbering Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Next page ► Last page end Further press releases Main navigation GDHS About us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potential Car service GDHS training Merchandise management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & exchange Working groups Master meetings Meetings Advisory board Partners are sought for company succession Press Press releases Images & logos Press and information material Careers Service navigation Register Imprint Data protection Contact