Premio Tuning | GDHS Skip to content. Main Navigation GDHS About Us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact Person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto Service GDHS Training Merchandise Management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & Exchange Working Groups Master Meetings Meetings Advisory Board Partners are sought for company successors Press Press Releases Images & Logos Press and Information material Careers Premio Tuning Home Potentials Premio Tuning Premio Tuning With the Premio Tuning module, the GDHS supports your partner companies in addressing a target group that is particularly emotionally connected to their vehicles and likes to spend money on customization. The focus of Premio Tuning is on the marketing of wide tires in the UHP area, aluminum rims, chassis and tuning accessories. The partners receive the necessary marketing and sales support to be able to offer the target group the right products and services. Communication - print, online and in person The multi-channel approach to customer communication from Premio Tuning plays an outstanding role. For many years, the GDHS has relied on the Premio Tuning catalog as a comprehensive reference work. This is available from the dealers in the company and is used here for sales support. It is also sold as a product at kiosks and is available as an online version. In addition, the Premio Tuning News is published twice a year, just in time for the seasons. As an online consulting medium, the 3D rim configurator has developed into professional digital support in recent years. The tuning components approved for the corresponding vehicle are displayed and virtually installed here. For the preferred configuration, the customer receives a code that the dealer can use during the sales meeting to order the parts or for alternative suggestions. However, Premio Tuning is also important to have direct contact with potential customers. At the legendary tuning fairs Tuning World Bodensee and Essen Motorshow, Premio Tuning seeks direct contact with the relevant target group and routes it to the experts within the specialist trade group. Often dealers within the GDHS also have the opportunity to present themselves here and to address, advise, and route potential customers to their own operations. Autograph sessions by Dunlop testimonial Jean Pierre Kraemer are held regularly at the Premio Tuning stand, making the trade fair appearance a real crowd-puller. Main navigation GDHS About us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potential Car service GDHS training Merchandise management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & exchange Working groups Master meetings Conferences Advisory board Partners are sought Company press Press releases Pictures & logos Press and information material Career Service navigation Register Imprint Privacy Policy Contact