Premio tires + car service | GDHS Skip to content. Main Navigation GDHS About Us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact Person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto Service GDHS Training Merchandise Management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & Exchange Working Groups Master Meetings Meetings Advisory Board Partners are sought for company successors Press Press Releases Pictures & Logos Press and Information material Careers Premio tires + auto service The full service concept Home About the GDHS concepts Premio tires + auto service The full service concept Premio tires + auto service In addition to the classic, professional tire service, our full service concept is based on a comprehensive, professional vehicle service. Our Premio concept is thus on two solid legs and offers our partners growth potential in various areas. The concept is aimed at owner-managed master businesses that are locally established and committed and who not only want to secure the future of their company with a strong, professional organization, but also want to successfully contest it. With Premio you benefit from the know-how of numerous experts who are at your side in matters of national and local advertising, the design of your shop, the presentation of goods up to the equipment of the workshops and advise you on site. As a partner, you can use highly developed components such as the merchandise management system tiresoft 3, which has not only proven itself in the past, but has also brought Premio a leadership role in the market. Above all, it is the common, binding standards to which each Premio partner is committed in terms of offering, service and market presence that make the Premio Reifen + Autoservice brand so strong and successful. We currently support the GDHS, 352 premium partners, 267 of them in the German and 85 in the Swiss market. At the same time, the GDHS is the competence center for the premium companies in Eastern Europe and the Benelux countries. The franchise concept is also successfully offered in other European countries and Premio has developed into an international brand with more than 600 locations. When connecting to the franchise system, Premio attaches great importance to the future partners fulfilling the requirements. This is the only way to maintain the high standard and excellent image that Premio enjoys in the market. Prerequisites for the Premio partnership: solid financing Consumer sales volume from € 500,000 sales volume mixed operation from € 750,000> 3,500 tires / year> 1,000 truck ceilings at least 60 m² shop floor at least 4 vehicle workplaces at least 500 m² storage capacity per employee 1 training day / Year commercial knowledge of the owner master car owner use merchandise management system tiresoft 3 main navigation GDHS about us philosophy concepts premio quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS contact person innovations development digitization omnichannel potential auto service GDHS training merchandise management truck premio tuning partnership dialogue & exchange working groups master meetings meetings advisory board partner company succession is sought Press Press releases Images & logos Press and information material Career Service navigation Register Imprint Data protection Contact