Car service | GDHS Skip to content. Main Navigation GDHS About Us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact Person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto Service GDHS Training Merchandise Management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & Exchange Working Groups Master Meetings Meetings Advisory Board Partners are sought for company successors Press Press Releases Images & Logos Press and Information material Careers Autoservice Home Potentials Car service Car service The latter is not only part of the business at Premio Reifen + Autoservice, many HMI companies have also identified service as another mainstay. So that the partners can assert themselves in this extremely demanding area, they are supported by the service module "Autoservice". The GDHS experts know exactly when which regulations become relevant for the partners, can explain exactly what the consequences are and give prospects for the near and distant future, so that the employees in the workshops have time to adjust to changes and any necessary changes Advanced training can be completed in time. The GDHS parts catalog in tiresoft 3 The GDHS parts catalog as a full integration in the merchandise management system tiresoft 3 forms the heart of the auto service work in the GDHS workshops. After calling up the customer vehicle data, in addition to the appropriate vehicle parts and their sources of supply, the manufacturer-specific maintenance work, the specific maintenance plans, repair instructions, technical information and labor values ​​are displayed and transferred to the customer order. The networking of customer inquiries, sales, workshops and calculations has thus achieved a whole new level of quality and professionalism. Manufacturer-friendly work Customers trust that the auto service on their vehicles is carried out according to manufacturer's specifications and that they do not have to fear a loss in value or guarantee of their vehicle by visiting the independent workshop. In order to live up to this claim, working with OE platforms is part of the natural handling of our partner workshops. Working with it and also with the digital service booklet is always a topic at information events at which the partners have numerous opportunities to clarify questions and practice handling. Main navigation GDHS About us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potential Car service GDHS training Merchandise management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & exchange Working groups Master meetings Conferences Advisory board Partners are sought Company press Press releases Pictures & logos Press and information material Career Service navigation Register Imprint Privacy Policy Contact