Truck | GDHS Skip to content. Main Navigation GDHS About Us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact Person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potentials Auto Service GDHS Training Merchandise Management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & Exchange Working Groups Master Meetings Meetings Advisory Board Partners are sought for company successors Press Press Releases Images & Logos Press and Information material Careers Trucks Home Potential trucks Trucks and commercial vehicle business Many partners of the GDHS have made the truck tire segment an important branch of their business. The GDHS supports them with a holistic system around the topic "truck and commercial vehicle tires". The professional business around truck tires begins with a balanced product range policy and knowledge of the wide range of applications in the individual areas from local to regional to long-distance transport. The specialized dealers within the Premio and HMI concept are very familiar with this. Not least because the GDHS is at your side with key figure-based and well-founded information about the potential size and growth opportunities of each individual partner. Attractive customer service An important tool in the care of truck fleets is the fleet check. The fleet manager 2.1 web-based solution can be used with a laptop or tablet and thus enables professional fleet checks and analyzes at the customer's site. Based on the data entered, many savings potential can be shown, from tire and air pressure analysis to optimization of the service life. A strong network for mobility The 4Fleet Group ensures customer supply through central contractual agreements with fleet customers. In addition, "TruckForce", the truck tire management initiated by Goodyear Dunlop, supports the affiliated partners there. "TruckForce" offers a Europe-wide, high quality truck tire service and management network. The mobile breakdown service via the 24-hour breakdown hotline "Serviceline24" plays an outstanding role in this network. The basic prerequisite for the partnership are well-equipped breakdown vehicles that are ready for use around the clock, 365 days a year! Premio and HMI partners already provide over 300 service units so that customer orders in national and international breakdown services can be processed as quickly as possible. Main navigation GDHS About us Philosophy Concepts Premio Quick HMI 4Fleet Group TYSYS Contact person Innovations Development Digitization Omnichannel Potential Car service GDHS training Merchandise management Truck Premio Tuning Partnership Dialog & exchange Working groups Master meetings Conferences Advisory board Partners are sought Company press Press releases Pictures & logos Press and information material Career Service navigation Register Imprint Privacy Policy Contact