ATU - Trailer Coupling Guide Contact Career Business customers Find a branch Find a branch ATU Find my branch My account Login 0 MENU ATUclose Home Shop Workshop service Make an appointment Branches Offers ATU-Card Find my branch My account Hello Customer My ATU login ATU-Card Login Contact business customers Career What are you looking for? Search? Cancel BackA.T.USclose Shop Tires & Rims BackA.T.USclose Tires & Rims Complete Wheel Configurator Tires Alloy & Steel Rims Wheel Accessories Low Price Guarantee BackA.T.USclose Tires & Rims Brand Continental Goodyear Michelin Dunlop BackA.T.USclose Tires & Rims Guide Rad & Tires Mastering the winter How driving fun Spare parts BackA.T.Close spare parts Filters Oils Wipers Brake system Exhaust system Lighting Suspension / damping Engine Drive Battery Gaskets Electrics Heating Body Air conditioning Fuel supply Cooling Coupling Steering Wheel suspension Locking system BackA.T.Close spare parts Brand Norauto Van Wezel Suplex TYC Monroe ALKAR FTE Bosch Sprint Victor Reinz Oils BackA.T.USclose Oils Oil Finder Motor Oils Motorcycle Motor Oil AdBlue Additives & Engine Additives Gear & Hydraulic Oils Other Oils & Lubricants BackA.T.USclose Oils Brand Castrol Shell LIQUI MOLY Mobil Valvoline Viscosity 0 W-20 0W-30 0W-40 5W-20 5W-30 5W-40 10W-40 10W-60 15W-40 20W-50 Batteries BackA.T. Exclude Batteries Battery Finder Car Batteries Battery Accessories Household Batteries Battery Chargers BackA. T.USclose batteries brand Norauto Arctic VARTA Banner CTEK Reise & Transport ZurückA.T.USclose travel & transport roof boxes rear rack roof rack cool boxes towbars trailer travel accessories backA.T.USclose travel & transport brand Norauto THULE JAEGER automotive Atera Jetbag Stedele Hapro EAL AL-KO Eufab BackA.T.USclose Travel & Transport Guide Travel & Transport Duty to carry towbars on the go with your dog Two-wheelers BackA.T.USclose two-wheelers Scooters E-scooter helmets Motorbike clothing Pedelec, e-bikes, bicycles BackA.T.USclose two-wheelers brand Explorer ATURA WAYSCRAL prophete Landport Nikko Helmets Roleff back n Accessories Disinfectant Dashcam Interior Tuning Maintenance & Repair Hifi & Navigation Tools Winter Articles Auto Electronics Roadside Assistance & First Aid Children's World Add-On Parts Leisure Marten Protection Breathalyzer Back T.Uclose accessories guide marten repellent carry-on duties car care backA.T.USclose car care tires & rims polishing & sealing window cleaning interior accessories backA.T.USclose car care brand SONAX NIGRIN Dr. OK. Wack Armor All® WUNDER-BAUM® UHU 1 ATU airflair APA Autosol Bahama & Co.® BackA.T.USclose Workshop Service Tires & Wheels HU / AU Oil Change Air Conditioning Brake Inspection Other Services BackA.T.USclose ATU-Card ATU-Card Application FAQs ATU-Card account BackA.T.USclose ATU-Card account Points & account overview My data News and actions Register / unsubscribe This page requires JavaScript. Please activate JavaScript in your browser to use this page. AdvisorBike & Tire Mastering winter How to have fun Carrying duties Travel & transport Buying advice E-bike child car seats Out and about with the dog Trailer coupling Marten defense Air conditioning service Transmission damage Trailer coupling wanted for your vehicle? A.T.U gives helpful tips for choosing and buying the right model. Towbars are available in a wide variety of designs for a wide range of vehicle models. This creates a wide range of products and options, which you can also find at A.T.U. Whether you want to mount the coupling for a trailer, caravan, rear carrier or even a backbox system. Whether you drive a small city car, a hybrid vehicle or a van. Whether you need the trailer hitch permanently or only temporarily. A.T.U has the right product for many occasions and most cars. The No. 1 master workshop is supported by the strong brands BRiNK (trailer coupling) and JAEGER automotive (E-kits). So that you keep an overview and find the right towbar for your vehicle and your needs, ATU gives tips and explanations for the individual versions: The detachable towbar The advantage of this towbar can already be found in the name and makes it one of the most commonly used Towbar at ATU Because it often makes sense if it can be dismantled quickly and easily when not in use. This is precisely where the special feature of a detachable towbar lies. The advantages: The appearance of your car remains unchanged. Parking damage due to the unused but protruding coupling can be easily avoided by removing it when not in use. Access to the trunk remains free when the trailer coupling is removed, so that you can load and unload your There are no bruises on the legs of the vehicle.If you are traveling or a trailer is required, the trailer coupling can be quickly and easily attached again and the journey can begin.At ATU, 3 different versions of the removable trailer coupling are offered: BMU - BRiNK Matic Below BRiNK developed the first removable product in the early 80s. It was a vertically removable towbar (BMU - BRiNK Matic Below). This type can be dismantled and attached vertically, whereby the attachment causes some difficulties. In return, the clutch socket on this variant is practically invisible and leaves the look of your car unchanged. You can get an even better picture with the video from BRiNK about using the BMU towbar. BMC - BRiNK Matic Classic In order to increase user-friendliness, the technology of the BMU has been further developed. The horizontally removable trailer hitch (BMC - BRiNK Matic Classic) was created. With this type, the assembly and disassembly is done in just a few seconds. Despite its high level of user-friendliness, the clutch holder remains clearly visible on some vehicles. BMA - BRiNK Matic Advanced That is why the advantages of the BMU and BMC were combined and the diagonally detachable trailer coupling was created (BMA - BRiNK Matic Advanced). This type now combines the optical advantages of the BMU with the user-friendly assembly of the BMC. The trailer hitch is mounted diagonally (angled) and remains invisible when not in use. For a better comparison to the BMU, BRiNK also provides a practical application video for the BMA towbar. In summary, a removable trailer hitch offers the necessary flexibility for temporary use, such as for vacationers, campers or hobby gardeners. The rigid trailer coupling This type of coupling is a classic and is still very popular today. The constant availability of a rigid trailer hitch is perfect, especially in daily use, whether professionally or privately. The advantages In contrast to the detachable towbar, it is always ready for use because it is permanently attached to the car and offers a good solution at an affordable price. However, the use of rigid towbars is restricted. Due to a clear legal situation, it must not be installed if it covers license plates or fog lights. Rigid towbars are generally not available for vehicles that meet these criteria. As an alternative, you can switch to a removable or a swiveling towbar. When not in use, these couplings are either removed or swiveled under the car so that the view of the license plate or fog light remains clear. When installing a rigid trailer hitch, it should also be noted that disassembly is not intended. Authorized and trained workshops such as A.T.U carry out the assembly according to strict specifications and tighten the screws with a specific tightening torque. This can damage the nuts when unscrewing and endanger the safety of the towbar. In conclusion, A.T.U recommends the rigid trailer hitch for frequent users or drivers with a small budget. However, the restrictions mentioned above must be observed for some vehicle types. BRiNK launched the swiveling towbar (MX) 2005 for the first time to combine the advantages of the previous models in one towbar. The result is a swiveling towbar that is invisible when not in use without having to be removed and stowed away. The advantages: After use, the towbar disappears under the bumper and is invisible. No additional space in the luggage compartment is required for transport, as with the removable variant. It can be used again in just a few seconds and in just a few simple steps. The trailer socket from the electronic kit also disappears under the bumper, so that there is no sign of a trailer hitch on the vehicle. Installation is similar to that of a rigid or removable coupling, which means that the installation costs are at a similar level. In addition, the swiveling trailer hitch from BRiNK is characterized by simple operation, a compact design, excellent construction and superior quality. Convince yourself with the video from BRiNK about using the MX towbar. So if you want to take advantage of a detachable towbar, but want to do without the permanent dismantling and attachment of a detachable towbar, A.T.U recommends the swiveling towbar. The trailer coupling for hybrid vehicles (RMC) Small, environmentally friendly cars are becoming increasingly popular, but they are not designed for trailer operation. Example vehicles for this are Opel Adam, Nissan Micra, Toyota Prius, Seat Mii, Skoda Citiga, VW Up !, Ford Ka, and many more. However, the active cyclist has no option in these vehicles to mount a rear bicycle rack for the trailer hitch. That is why BRiNK developed the Rear Mount Connector, the rear bike carrier towbar for small cars, hybrid vehicles and electric cars that have no registered tensile load. The advantages: It is a clutch purely for carrying a load. This means that hybrid and electric vehicles can also be equipped with most rear bike carriers. A special ball head prevents unauthorized coupling of a trailer. The removable trailer hitch for hybrid vehicles can be stowed in the trunk when not in use. The Rear Mount Connector (RMC) is a complete set, in which the appropriate E set is included. You can find out how to remove and re-attach an RMC towbar in the practical video by BRiNK. However, it should be noted that the RMC towbars are NOT suitable for pulling a trailer. The cars preferred for this type usually only have a vertical load, for example for carrying a rear carrier. To prevent misuse, BRiNK has developed a special ball head to which no trailer can be attached. In summary, BRiNK's removable trailer hitch for hybrid vehicles (RMC) offers a perfect solution for passionate cyclists with economical and environmentally friendly cars. The flange towbar The main area of ​​application for this towbar with flange ball is the pulling of particularly heavy loads. Always taking into account the load and tensile load of the respective vehicle, a flange trailer coupling can pull heavy trailers or caravans. The advantages: When used with the highest loads, the flange trailer coupling proves its strength. Due to its high draw weight, it pulls heavily loaded trailers or caravans according to the respective load capacity of the vehicle. The flange trailer coupling is available in the 2-hole and 4- Hole. It is offered for cars, vans and SUV / off-road vehicles. The areas of application for this model are mainly in the commercial sector. Therefore, the flange ball can often be found on vans. But there are also possible uses in the private sector. For pulling a heavy caravan, the flange towbars are also available for cars and SUV / off-road vehicles, for example. Further decision criteria for the purchase of a tow bar This overview gives you a first impression of the different types of tow bars that are offered by A.T.U. However, when purchasing the right towbar, it is crucial to find the right combination of vehicle, towbar and trailer. This depends on the total weight of the object to be carried / pulled, such as a trailer or rear carrier, and the registered load / pull load of your vehicle. This then results in the actually possible variants for your purposes. Not to be forgotten is the required E-set to match the car, unless it is a complete set like the RMC towbars. A.T.U offers the E sets to match the towbars from the German brand manufacturer JAEGER automotive. Here too you get high quality and excellent service. You can conveniently buy both the towbar and the E-set in the A.T.U online shop and have them delivered to your local A.T.U store. The trained and authorized specialist staff in your local A.T.U branch will then take care of the correct installation so that you can travel safely. If you need advice on purchasing the right choice of towbar and electronic kit, the technical advisors in the A.T.U branch you trust and the service staff at A.T.U will be happy to help you over the phone. Contact ATU Find a branch Make an appointment Subscribe to the newsletter Company About us Careers Press Code of Conduct Partner programs Service Shipping costs Returns Brochure & catalogs Help Tire consultants Special value check Oil lexicon Guide My account My ATU ATU card Commercial customers Payment in the online shop ATU card PayPal Immediately Amazon prepayment VISA MasterCard American Express Financing Verified online shop bevh idealo ecc-club Imprint Change cookie settings Data protection Cancellation policy General terms and conditions Sales General terms and conditions Workshop General terms and conditions Purchasing Branch × In which ATU branch would you like to collect your items? Find a branch The search result has been expanded!