Trailer - order cheap now! | ATU Auto-Teile-Unger Contact Careers Business customers Find a store Find a store ATU Find my store My account Login 0 MENU ATUclose Home Shop Workshop service Make an appointment Stores Offers ATU-Card Find my store My account Hello customer My ATU login ATU-Card login Contact Business customer careers What are you looking for? Search? Cancel BackA.T.USclose Shop Tires & Rims BackA.T.USclose Tires & Rims Complete Wheel Configurator Tires Alloy & Steel Rims Wheel Accessories Low Price Guarantee BackA.T.USclose Tires & Rims Brand Continental Goodyear Michelin Dunlop BackA.T.USclose Tires & Rims Guide Rad & Tires Mastering the winter How driving fun Spare parts BackA.T.Close spare parts Filters Oils Wipers Brake system Exhaust system Lighting Suspension / damping Engine Drive Battery Gaskets Electrics Heating Body Air conditioning Fuel supply Cooling Coupling Steering Wheel suspension Locking system BackA.T.Close spare parts Brand Norauto Van Wezel Suplex TYC Monroe ALKAR FTE Bosch Sprint Victor Reinz Oils BackA.T.USclose Oils Oil Finder Motor Oils Motorcycle Motor Oil AdBlue Additives & Engine Additives Gear & Hydraulic Oils Other Oils & Lubricants BackA.T.USclose Oils Brand Castrol Shell LIQUI MOLY Mobil Valvoline Viscosity 0 W-20 0W-30 0W-40 5W-20 5W-30 5W-40 10W-40 10W-60 15W-40 20W-50 Batteries BackA.T. Exclude Batteries Battery Finder Car Batteries Battery Accessories Household Batteries Battery Chargers BackA. T.USclose batteries brand Norauto Arctic VARTA Banner CTEK Reise & Transport ZurückA.T.USclose travel & transport roof boxes rear rack roof rack cool boxes towbars trailer travel accessories backA.T.USclose travel & transport brand Norauto THULE JAEGER automotive Atera Jetbag Stedele Hapro EAL AL-KO Eufab BackA.T.USclose Travel & Transport Guide Travel & Transport Duty to carry towbars on the go with your dog Two-wheelers BackA.T.USclose two-wheelers Scooters E-scooter helmets Motorbike clothing Pedelec, e-bikes, bicycles BackA.T.USclose two-wheelers brand Explorer ATURA WAYSCRAL prophete Landport Nikko Helmets Roleff back n Accessories Disinfectant Dashcam Interior Tuning Maintenance & Repair Hifi & Navigation Tools Winter Articles Auto Electronics Roadside Assistance & First Aid Children's World Add-On Parts Leisure Marten Protection Breathalyzer Back T.Uclose accessories guide marten repellent carry-on duties car care backA.T.USclose car care tires & rims polishing & sealing window cleaning interior accessories backA.T.USclose car care brand SONAX NIGRIN Dr. OK. Wack Armor All® WUNDER-BAUM® UHU 1 ATU airflair APA Autosol Bahama & Co.® BackA.T.USclose Workshop Service Tires & Wheels HU / AU Oil Change Air Conditioning Brake Inspection Other Services BackA.T.USclose ATU-Card ATU-Card Application FAQs ATU-Card account BackA.T.USclose ATU-Card account Points & account overview My data News and actions Register / unsubscribe This page requires JavaScript. Please activate JavaScript in your browser to use this page. Back to the main category Onlineshop Travel & Transport Trailer X Category Trailer Accessories (52) Load Securing (24) Ramps (16) Car Trailer (10) Ball Couplings (8) Maneuvering Aids (2) Cables & Adapters (1) Brand Norauto (2) JAEGER automotive (1) Stedele (32) EAL (2) AL-KO (13) Eufab (2) ATU (1) Bünte (11) CONACORD (9) Eno (1) more + 113 matches found Refine selection Filter Sorted by Topseller Sale Price descending Price ascending Description AZ Description ZA Article 1-24 List of tiles Page 1 2 3 ... 5 rubber chocks 10.5 x 7.5 x 7.5 cm, from Norauto Art No. NO6275 Delivery in 3-5 working days store availability check 649. Price incl. VAT / per piece plus shipping costs ramp 1T up to 195 mm Art No. NO6675 Delivery in 3-5 working days Check store availability 2999. Price incl. VAT / per piece plus shipping costs Wheel chock foldable, black, 2 Item Art. No. FS4216 Delivery in 3-5 working days Check store availability 599. Price incl. M VAT / per piece plus shipping costs Promotion Action Promotion Stedele single-axle trailer made of hot-dip galvanized sheet steel including a 35 cm high dropside attachment and matching tarpaulin in red, unbraked Art. MST81S Save 13% instead of * € 799.99 Only available in stores Only within Germany check store availability 69999 . Price incl. VAT / each high tarpaulin in blue for Stedele single-axle trailers made of sheet steel (MST81S) Art No. MST81P Only available in stores Only within Germany Check store availability 19999. Price incl. VAT / per piece Stedele single-axle sheet steel trailers, unbraked Item no MST70A Only available in stores Only within Germany Check store availability 49999. Price incl. VAT / per piece Stedele steel attachment wall WITHOUT tarpaulin, 1.50 x 1.06 x 0.30 m suitable for trailer MST70A Art No. MST817 Order now and pick up at the ATU branch Only check store availability within Germany 19999. Price incl. VAT / per piece Sale Sale Sale Stedele multifunction single-axle trailer made of steel incl. Tarpaulin structure and matching high tarpaulin Art. MST75A Only available in stores Only within Germany Check store availability 70000. Price incl. VAT / per piece Sale Sale Sale Stedele tarpaulin and side panel 2.06 x 1 , 06 x 0.35m for single-axle trailers (MST80A, MST67D) Art No. MST814 Save 37% instead of * € 239.99 Only available in stores Only within Germany check store availability 15000. Price incl. VAT / per piece Sale Sale Sale Stedele Einachs Sheet steel trailer Profi, unbraked Art No. MST80A Only available in branches Only within Germany Check store availability 50000. Price incl. VAT / per piece Stedele single-axle wooden trailer SH7511 with load securing Art No. MST666 Order now and collect from the ATU store Only within Germany store availability check 79999. Price incl. VAT / per piece Stedele single-axle trailer with hot-dip galvanized steel base frame, up to 750 kg, 206x106x35 cm Art No. ANH002 Order now and collect from the ATU branch Only within Germany Check store availability 64999. Price incl. VAT / per piece Stedele steel extension wall WITHOUT tarpaulin, 2.06 x 1.06 x 0 , 35 m suitable for trailer MST80A Art No. MST815 Order now and pick it up at the ATU branch Only within Germany Check store availability 19999. Price incl. VAT / each high tarpaulin in black suitable for Stedele single-axle sheet steel trailer MST71A Art No. MST71S Order now and pick it up at the ATU store. Only check within Germany for store availability 19999. Price incl. VAT / per piece Sale Sale Sale ramp 2 meters curved, 2 pieces Art. No. TTK004 Only available in stores Only check for store availability within Germany 7000. Price VAT / per piece Stedele single-axle trailer made of hot-dip galvanized sheet steel, unbraked Art No. MST71A Only available in branches Only within Germany F Check availability 54999. Price incl. VAT / per piece Sale Sale Sale Stedele multifunction single-axle trailer made of steel incl. tarpaulin structure and matching high tarpaulin Art. MST76A Only available in stores Only check store availability within Germany 70000. Price incl. VAT / per piece Stedele trailer for 2 motorcycles / scooters Art. MST55M Order now and collect from the ATU branch Only within Germany Check store availability 74999. Price incl. VAT / each EAL ENDUROeco EM203 maneuvering aid for caravans and trailers Art. No. EU1825 Currently not available Only within Germany check store availability 67999. Price incl. VAT / per piece EAL Enduro EM303A maneuvering aid for caravans and trailers Art. No. EU1824 Currently not available Only within Germany check store availability 99999. Price incl. VAT / per piece aluminum ramp straight from Knott, 0.26 x 2.5 m, up to 1000 kg, 2 pieces Art No. ANH304 Now be and collect from the ATU branch Only within Germany check store availability 19999. Price incl. VAT / per piece Stedele single-axle trailer with hot-dip galvanized steel base frame, up to 750 kg, 145x106x35 cm Art. No. ANH001 Order now and collect from the ATU branch Only within Check Germany's store availability 62999. Price incl. VAT / per piece universal trailer taillight with license plate light Art No. MST946 Delivery in 3-5 working days Check store availability 999. Price incl. VAT / per piece plus shipping costs Speed ​​sticker, set of 7 pieces Art MST970 Delivery in 3-5 working days Check store availability 599. Price incl. VAT / per piece plus shipping costs Item 1-24 Tile list Page 1 2 3 ... 5 The EU tire label × The energy label attached to the product shows the Classification of the respective tire with regard to fuel consumption, wet grip and noise classification. The Europe-wide labeling requirement applies to all tires produced after June 30, 2012. Evaluation criteria of the EU tire label Fuel efficiency The symbol with the petrol pump stands for the rolling resistance of the tire. The lower the rolling resistance, the less energy (CO2) is used and the lower the fuel consumption. The classification is from class A (green and therefore the highest fuel efficiency) to class G (red and therefore the lowest fuel efficiency), whereby D is not used. Wet grip The rain cloud symbolizes wet grip, which is crucial for driving safety. Tyres with excellent wet grip shorten the braking distance dramatically. The performance is divided into classes A (highest performance, shortest braking distance) to G (lowest safety, longest braking distance), whereby D and G are not assigned. External rolling noise The symbol with the loudspeaker shows the external rolling noise in decibels (dB). The measured value indicates the volume of the passing noise. The more "sound waves" are displayed, the louder the outside noise of the tire. learn more Do you own a large garden or are you planning to move? A trailer is the cheapest and easiest way to transport large and bulky items or loose material such as leaves or green waste. At A.T.U, trailers of various designs and in different sizes are available. Common to all is the tested quality of our top brands. In addition to wooden and metal trailers, we also offer special models for the transport of motorcycles. All versions are easy to connect to a common trailer hitch. Driving is possible with little practice without problems. And if the worst comes to the worst, even a loaded trailer with the jockey wheel extended can easily be maneuvered backwards by two people. Load securing for every transport Our online shop offers you various accessories that you can use to secure your load. Tension nets are indispensable when loose material is to be transported or light, bulky objects protrude above the top edge of the tail lift. Hooked onto the mostly standard fastening buttons on the outer walls, such a net offers reliable protection against loss of load. Tensioning straps are used when large and heavy objects are to be transported on a trailer. Here either eyelets serve as attachment points or a long belt can also be pulled under the trailer floor. Most belts have ratchets with a safety lock, with which the belt can be easily tensioned. When unloading, a safety device must be released to relax the belt. For small goods, universal tension belts or luggage spiders are suitable, the hooks of which can be attached to the side wall. A box support is useful when loading a detached trailer. If the support is extended, the trailer cannot tip over during loading. Securing against theft of the trailer is highly recommended. An anti-theft device surrounds the ball coupling and thus prevents unauthorized coupling to a car. A plug lock is inserted into a special hole in the coupling handle and blocks it so that it cannot be coupled or uncoupled. Simply buy the items online, delivery is short-term after 1-2 working days. Contact ATU ATU Find a branch Make an appointment Subscribe to the newsletter Company About us Careers Press Code of Conduct Partner programs Service Shipping costs Returns Brochure & catalogs Help Tire consultants Special value check Oil lexicon Guide My account My ATU ATU card Business customers Payment in the online shop ATU card PayPal Immediately Amazon prepayment VISA MasterCard American Express financing Verified online shop bevh idealo ecc-club Imprint Change cookie settings Data protection Cancellation policy General terms and conditions Sales General terms and conditions Workshop general terms and conditions Purchasing * "instead of" prices = previous stationary branch retail prices Branch × In which ATU branch would you like to collect your items ? Find a branch The search result has been expanded!