About Honda | Honda Welman Search Page suggestions My Honda Welman Maintenance plan Contact Home Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private lease at Honda Welman Pre- Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and delivery service Update Honda navigation Tire pressure light is on Make appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman team Welman team Our offices Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Matt sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles Honda service kits Schedule maintenance Contact us Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private leasing at Honda Welman Pre-Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and return service Honda navigation update Tire pressure light is on Make an appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman News Welman team Our locations Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Mat sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles View more Honda service kits Close About Honda About: Honda: The Power of Dreams Are you looking for a car for the whole family? An environmentally friendly car? Or a representative business car? There is a Honda for everyone. Whether you want an MPV, SUV, hybrid car, station wagon or convertible, Honda has it all. Discover what Honda cars have to offer you. Honda cars: something for everyone. Founder “The older I get the more dreams I have when I run out of dreams there will be no more meaning to life that is why I will keep striving for some goals until the day that I die” - Soichiro Honda, Founder Honda Motor Co . Soichiro Honda started his career as a boarding school student at Tokyo Art Shokai, a top garage for automobiles, motorcycles and race cars. In 1928, he started a branch of Art Shokai in Hamamatsu. Because he was not limited to the usual repairs, but was much involved in all kinds of inventions, Honda was soon called the "Edison of Hamamatsu". In the thirties, Honda alternated work and training. He gained knowledge of metalworking, production techniques and the calibration of machines. It made Soichiro Honda a producer, businessman and also a car racer. But most of all he was a dreamer. He dreamed of a better way to make affordable transportation for ordinary people. Motorcycles In 1948 Soichiro Honda founded the company that bears his name. He converted bicycles into motorcycles in a barn in Hamamatsu. A year later, he realized his dream for an affordable means of transport. He built Honda's first real motorcycle, the Dream type-D. The company was also a licensee of Harley-Davidson motorcycles for a while. In the mid-1950s, Honda was the first of many Japanese companies to approach the European and American markets. Initially, Honda exported light, but later also very heavy motorcycles. In 1959 Honda introduced the first Japanese motorcycle in Amsterdam, the 250 cc C72 Dream. Motorcycles are still an important source of income for Honda today. Cars S500 sports car Honda's car history started at the Tokyo Motor Show in 1962. There the manufacturer showed a small sports car, the S360. The following year, the first T360 commercial vehicles and S500 sports cars rolled off the production line. Sedans, the so-called N-series, also appeared on the basis of the S-series. The S and N series contain nice, smooth cars that were particularly popular in Japan. The big success for Honda came in 1972, when sales of the compact, front-wheel drive Honda Civic started, at a competitive price. Now, more than 35 years and eight generations later, the Civic is still one of the mainstays of Honda sales. The current Civic, with satellite navigation, six gears and automatic locking, is a lot more luxurious than the basic Civic from 1972. Also the later generations Honda Accord are more luxurious and larger compared to the first from 1976. The Accord is a popular model, both with us as in America. Between 1982 and 1997, the Honda Accord was continuously the top-selling car in the United States. It was also the first Honda car to be produced in the US (from 1982). Pioneer Honda is the pioneer among the Japanese car manufacturers. The brand is often the first to release new technologies. An example is the development of the first navigation system in the world, in 1983. The analog system worked with an accelerometer, because GPS did not exist at that time. A few years ago, Honda paid a lot of honor in its self-developed 2.2-liter common-rail turbo diesel engine. With the NSX ("New Sportscar eXperimental" or "New experimental sports car"), Honda sought a perfect balance between power and reliability. To this end, Formula 1 racers Satoru Nakajima, Ayrton Senna and Bobby Rahal were involved in the development. F1 designer Gordon Murray thought the NSX was better than any Ferrari at the time: “The NSX was a catalyst, a car that brought about changes; the NSX kicked the establishment. " In 1998, the company celebrated its fiftieth anniversary. For this occasion, Honda released the S2000 roadster in a limited edition. This did not share any part with other Honda cars, but was one big show of the technological knowledge that Honda had in house. The S2000 was named Convertible of the Year at the 1999 Geneva Motor Show. Honda is now concentrating on a new field to be explored: environmental technology. Hybrids and more Since 2000, a hybrid sedan of the Honda Civic has been available. This environmentally friendly version is also sold in our country, with an electric motor in addition to the petrol engine. In the first half of 2009 it was the most popular new lease car. Models followed that were designed from the start as a hybrid. For the Insight (2009), the IMA system, the hybrid powertrain from Honda, was renewed. The CR-Z coupé was one of the first sporty hybrids on the market. The compact Jazz is now also available as a hybrid. An all-electric version follows. Honda has also started producing a fuel cell car, the sedan FCX ​​Clarity. Equipped with electric motor and hydrogen tank, nothing but water droplets are emitted. For the time being, the Clarity is only available as a prototype in Japan and parts of the United States. The plan is to start mass production in 2018. A hybrid version of the FCX Clarity will also be released. Hybrid Honda models Honda Civic Hybrid Honda Jazz Hybrid Honda CR-Z Honda Insight Current Hybrid Honda models Lines and models Honda was the first Japanese car brand to release a separate premium line. From 1986, cars appeared - in some markets under the Acura name - that were sportier, more luxurious, and had more engine power than the rest of Honda's. The first model was the Honda Legend, a larger sedan or coupé with a 2.5 liter engine that produced over 150 hp. The Legend was the flagship of the Honda fleet for many years. The current Honda range still includes the Accord and the SUV CR-V. The bestselling Honda Jazz (a hatchback) has won the AutoWeek Satisfaction Trophy in the class of compact cars for years. Innovation Being curious, innovative and an eye for detail were special characteristics of Soichiro Honda. He had the greatest pleasure in unusual and surprising technical solutions. Honda continues to maintain this legacy with passion today. ASIMO, the most advanced human-like robot in the world, is a particularly surprising piece of high-tech. Anyone who has ever seen him in person will be amazed at his smooth movements. Each subsequent step in the future indicates Honda's deep commitment. Realizing technical dreams is what Honda is all about. Like the more efficient, fuel-saving aircraft engines of the HondaJet. In this environmentally conscious time more important than ever. The micro-CHP installations, operating on natural gas, are also an innovation in the field of energy savings. They are already widely used in Japan, and have recently become available in the United States. Other good news with the theme of energy saving: the solar cells from Honda. Their advanced thin-layer construction takes the environment into account. About us About Honda About Welman Happy Customers The Welman app The Welman team Working at Welman Honda WorldwideTo Honda Worldwide About Honda How can we help you? Contact us Brochures & price lists Take a test drive Schedule maintenance Receive quotation Receive trade-in price Honda Assistance Honda Models Honda Jazz Honda CR-V Honda CR-V Hybrid Honda HR-V Honda Civic Hatchback Honda Civic Sedan Honda e Services The Welman app Selections Warranty Private lease Honda webshop Honda Occasions Honda Stock new Contact Locations Send us a message Heerhugowaard: 072-5716940 Zwaag (Hoorn): 0229-282610 Opening hours Working at Honda Welman © 2020 - Honda Welman Facebook YouTube Instagram My Honda Welman Privacy Statement Disclaimer