Maintenance and repair of your Honda Search Page suggestions My Honda Welman Plan maintenance Contact Home Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private lease Honda Welman Pre-Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and delivery service Update Honda navigation Tire pressure lamp lights Make appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman team Our locations Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Mat sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles Honda service kits Schedule maintenance Contact us Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occ asions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private leasing at Honda Welman Pre-Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and return service Honda navigation update Tire pressure light is on Make an appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman News Welman team Our offices Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Mat sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles View more Honda service kits Close Maintenance and repair Maintenance and repair Maintenance on your car; is that really necessary? Nobody likes it, it always costs money. But it has to happen ... right? Maintenance by Honda Nothing is more annoying than a car that lets you down. This is not the case with a Honda. However, it is important that the car is well maintained. On these pages we tell you everything you want to know about maintenance and repair. It is wise to take your car to the garage for maintenance at least once a year. This helps to prevent trouble. Is maintenance urgently needed or a beater? ›Maintenance by the Honda dealer or universal car company? ›Your Honda is always there for you. And you can be there for your Honda. With these tips you can maintain the car in good condition yourself. Maintaining the car yourself ›If you are unlucky› Honda maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Major or minor maintenance are the most common types of maintenance. Preventive maintenance A Honda will not let you down quickly. Keep the Honda reliable with maintenance. Warning lights Cars indicate a malfunction with lights. What do you do when you appear? Saving on maintenance Saving on maintenance is not without risks. Nevertheless, you can save responsibly. General Periodic Inspection (APK) During an APK inspection, it is checked whether the car meets the legal requirements. Windshield and damage repair What to do in the event of unforeseen damage to your car? Maintenance and repair How can we help you? Contact us Brochures & price lists Take a test drive Schedule maintenance Receive quotation Receive trade-in price Honda Assistance Honda Models Honda Jazz Honda CR-V Honda CR-V Hybrid Honda HR-V Honda Civic Hatchback Honda Civic Sedan Honda e Services The Welman app Selections Warranty Private lease Honda webshop Honda Occasions Honda Stock new Contact Locations Send us a message Heerhugowaard: 072-5716940 Zwaag (Hoorn): 0229-282610 Opening hours Working at Honda Welman © 2020 - Honda Welman Facebook YouTube Instagram My Honda Welman Privacy Statement Disclaimer