Corona measures Honda Welman Search Page suggestions My Honda Welman Maintenance plan Contact Home Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private lease at Honda Welman Pre- Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and delivery service Update Honda navigation Tire pressure light is on Make appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman team Welman team Our offices Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Matt sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles Honda service kits Schedule maintenance Contact us Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private leasing at Honda Welman Pre-Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and return service Honda navigation update Tire pressure light is on Make an appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman News Welman team Our offices Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Matt sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles View more Honda service kits Close Corona measures Corona measures Follow naturally we closely monitor the developments regarding the Corona virus. We have taken various measures for this in our locations. This allows us to provide the service you have come to expect from us. We are happy to inform you about our measures with the frequently asked questions below. Is your question not listed or is the answer not entirely clear? Please contact the reception via 072-5716940 (Heerhugowaard) or 0229-282610 (Zwaag). Frequently asked questions What are the opening hours during this 'Corona' period? The opening hours are as you are used to from us: weekdays from 08:00 to 18:00 and Saturdays from 09:00 to 17:00. We are closed the shopping evenings. Which hygiene measures are applied in our locations? We use the following precautions. We temporarily shake hands with you. We keep an appropriate distance - at least 1.5 meters - when we are talking to you. We strictly follow the protocols regarding hand washing. We have extra soap, disinfectants and disposable towels. We carry out extra cleaning rounds in the "high touch" areas. My Honda needs to be repaired / needs maintenance. Is this still possible? Yes, you can still bring your Honda in for repair or maintenance. If you have a cold, cough, sore throat, fever or have been in contact with an infected person, we ask you to contact the reception so that we can pick up your car. If this is not the case, the appointment can continue as normal. I need a replacement Honda. Is this safe? Yes. Cars used for replacement transport are properly cleaned / disinfected. Think of the door handle outside, door handle inside, steering wheel, gear lever, selector lever and automatic. I have an appointment for maintenance, but I do not / cannot go to the dealer now. Can I postpone my appointment? Of course, the maintenance of your Honda can be scheduled on a different date. Watch out! The warranty remains valid only if you have your maintenance carried out within the regular maintenance period. Please contact our reception via 072-5716940 (Heerhugowaard) or 0229-282610 (Zwaag). I am interested in a new / used Honda, but I cannot / cannot go to the dealer. Are there other options? We do our utmost to provide you with the best possible service. One of the possibilities is that we deliver the Honda, which you are interested in, to your home so that you can view the car (independently). Please contact sales via 072-5716940 (Heerhugowaard) or 0229-282610 (Zwaag) so that our driver can be scheduled to drive the Honda of your choice. Frequently asked questions What are the opening hours during this 'Corona' period? The opening hours are as you are used to from us: weekdays from 08:00 to 18:00 and Saturdays from 09:00 to 17:00. We are closed the shopping evenings. Which hygiene measures are applied in our locations? We use the following precautions. We temporarily shake hands with you. We keep an appropriate distance - at least 1.5 meters - when we are talking to you. We strictly follow the protocols regarding hand washing. We have extra soap, disinfectants and disposable towels. We carry out extra cleaning rounds in the "high touch" areas. My Honda needs to be repaired / needs maintenance. Is this still possible? Yes, you can still bring your Honda in for repair or maintenance. Do you suffer from a cold, cough, sore throat, fever or have you come into contact with an infected person, then we ask you to contact the reception so that we can pick up your car. If this is not the case, the appointment can continue as normal. I need a replacement Honda. Is this safe? Yes. Cars used for replacement transport are properly cleaned / disinfected. Think of the door handle outside, door handle inside, steering wheel, gear lever, selector lever and automatic. I have an appointment for maintenance, but I do not / cannot go to the dealer now. Can I postpone my appointment? Of course, the maintenance of your Honda can be scheduled on a different date. Watch out! The warranty remains valid only if you have your maintenance carried out within the regular maintenance period. Please contact our reception via 072-5716940 (Heerhugowaard) or 0229-282610 (Zwaag). I am interested in a new / used Honda, but I cannot / cannot go to the dealer. Are there other options? We do our utmost to provide you with the best possible service. One of the possibilities is that we deliver the Honda, which you are interested in, to your home so that you can view the car (independently). Please contact sales via 072-5716940 (Heerhugowaard) or 0229-282610 (Zwaag) so that our driver can be scheduled to drive the Honda of your choice. Corona measures How can we help you? Contact us Brochures & price lists Take a test drive Schedule maintenance Receive quotation Receive trade-in price Honda Assistance Honda Models Honda Jazz Honda CR-V Honda CR-V Hybrid Honda HR-V Honda Civic Hatchback Honda Civic Sedan Honda e Services The Welman app Selections Warranty Private lease Honda webshop Honda Occasions Honda Stock new Contact Locations Send us a message Heerhugowaard: 072-5716940 Zwaag (Hoorn): 0229-282610 Opening hours Working at Honda Welman © 2020 - Honda Welman Facebook YouTube Instagram My Honda Welman Privacy Statement Disclaimer