Honda CR-V Hybrid: Ready for the future Search Page suggestions My Honda Welman Plan maintenance Contact Home Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private leasing at Honda Welman Pre-Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and delivery service Update Honda navigation Tire pressure lamp is lit Make appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman News Welman team Our offices Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Matt sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles Honda service kits Schedule maintenance Contact us Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR- V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Front ad Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private leasing at Honda Welman Pre-Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick up and return Update Honda navigation tire pressure light brandt Make appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman News Welman team Our offices Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Matt sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles View more Honda service kits Close CR-V Hybrid Responsive, smooth, efficient. Versions From € 42,220 Private lease € 599 * p / m chevron-down-oval-filled Honda CR-V Honda CR-V logo DiscoverClose Design Performance Technique Versions Specifications Take a test drive Download the brochure Ready for the future The intelligent, highly advanced hybrid drivetrain provides a seamless, enjoyable driving experience on every ride. Full Electric Electric driving, without charging 130 km / h Electric up to 130 km / h Comfortable all-rounder Spacious, convenient and comfortable 7 Years Warranty Exceptional Honda quality Choose a color Platinum White Pearl View stock Design The power of hybrid Discover the design Design The i- MMD (intelligent Multi-Mode Drive) technology delivers excellent performance and efficiency. Once in the car, you'll find a luxurious, refined interior with the latest driving aids and infotainment, in addition to the comfort, space and versatility that the CR-V is known for. Styling Styling Dynamic lines The sleek and dynamic lines, from the robust wheel arches to the beautiful bonnet contours, have all been designed to improve performance and aerodynamic efficiency. Daytime Running Lights (LED) With signature daytime running lights and LED headlamps, the CR-V shines with confidence day or night. Fog Light Lighting (LED) These stunning LED fog lights strengthen the front of the Honda CR-V and also illuminate the road in foggy conditions. Wheels Sharp styling starts from the ground up, with new alloy wheel designs. Roof rails The silver finished roof rails improve the overall appearance of the Honda CR-V. Choose to add additional crossbars and the roof mounts to suit you. Interior Interior The sleek interior, the contrasting materials and the perfect finish give a wonderful space to stay in. SPACE IN ABUNDANCE SPACE IN ABUNDANCE The new CR-V offers a flexible and functional space, full of clever storage ideas, a generous amount of legroom and a large luggage compartment with a capacity of more than 1,700 liters when the rear seats are folded down. Hybrid driving Hybrid driving The CR-V Hybrid is designed to be both stylish and functional. Among other things, this design limits airflow under the bodywork, which reduces fuel consumption, minimizes air resistance and limits noise production. Apart from the functional considerations, this design also makes the Honda CR-V Hybrid stand out everywhere. Center console Center console The CR-V offers smart storage space everywhere, such as the center console. The versatile center console has three positions. In the fully opened position there is enough space to store one or two larger items. Performance Dynamic driving characteristics. Discover Performance Performance A 2.0 liter Atkinson Cycle petrol engine works with two electric motors, one for the drive and one for power generation, controlled by the intelligent Multi-Mode Drive (-MMD) system, which offers 3 different drive modes: hybrid, motor and electric. 2WD and 4WD versions are available. 6.9 l / 100 km petrol consumption from 2WD 2.0 i-MMD 7.3 l / 100 km petrol consumption from AWD 2.0 i-MMD ALL WHEEL DRIVE ALL WHEEL DRIVE The electronically controlled real-time All Wheel Drive (AWD) with the Intelligent Control System intervenes automatically when traction loss is detected. Motor Motor The i-MMD technology ensures that the car always uses its energy as efficiently as possible. This means that the CR-V Hybrid seamlessly switches between the three driving modes: Electric Drive, Hybrid Drive and Engine Drive. When driving in Electric Drive mode the car gives a warning signal, this car is so quiet. You can manually extend the driving time in Electric Drive under certain driving conditions by pressing the EV Mode button on the dashboard. TRANSMISSION & GEARBOX TRANSMISSION & GEARBOX Engine A 2.0 liter Atkinson Cycle petrol engine works with two electric motors, one for the drive and one for power generation, controlled by the intelligent Multi-Mode Drive (-MMD) system, which offers 3 different drive modes : hybrid, motor and electric. 2WD and 4WD versions are available. Shift paddles The ergonomic shift paddles on the handlebars allow you to shift gears by hand, giving you more control over your ride. 184 HP power 2WD 2.0 i-MMD 184 HP power AWD 2.0 i-MMD Technology Breakthrough technology, inside and out Discover the technology Technology We have developed a range of technologies to connect every journey in the new CR-V Hybrid experience. The new HUD (Head up display) shows essential information in your field of vision, so you can keep your eyes on the road. More extensive driving data is clearly displayed on the Intelligent Multi Info Display and can be accessed via the steering wheel controls. APPLE & ANDROID AUTO APPLE & ANDROID AUTO Android or iPhone users can seamlessly integrate their device with the touch screen. Receive routes, phone calls, send and receive messages, listen to music and even use your favorite apps and stay focused on the road. You can also do this with Siri Eyes Free or Google Voice Search without taking your hands off the wheel. All you have to do is ask. CAMERAS CAMERAS Reversing camera For a complete view when reversing, a 130 ° view, a wide 180 ° view or a view from above are displayed on the 7-inch CONNECT screen. Cross Traffic Monitor Radar sensors on the rear sides warn the driver when reversing over approaching vehicles. Blind Spot Information Radar technology automatically detects vehicles in the driver's blind spot and warns the driver via a warning symbol in the door mirror. Hands-free tailgate Hands-free tailgate Hands-free tailgate By moving your foot under the rear bumper, the tailgate opens automatically. Ideal if you have your hands full. Or press the button At the touch of a button, the tailgate opens and closes. You can also adjust the height of the tail lift to your liking. DISPLAY & NAVIGATION DISPLAY & NAVIGATION Display Audio The 7-inch touchscreen Display Audio connects you to your music, apps and more with a simple tap. All this without distracting you from your journey. Display Navigation In the Honda CR-V you will find satellite navigation on the 7-inch color screen. The car always knows where it is going, what the best route is and what the traffic situation looks like. HEAD UP DISPLAY (HUD) The augmented reality head-up display projects important information that the driver can view without taking his eyes off the road. Steering wheel control In addition to the Driver Information Interface, the steering wheel controls allow you to activate other functions such as volume, Adaptive Cruise Control and Lane Keeping System. In the top version, the steering wheel is heated, so your hands stay nice and warm in winter temperatures. Comfort & Control Comfort & Control Electric parking brake Easier and more convenient: the electric parking brake frees up space, allowing an extended armrest area. Heated front seats Heated front seats offer an extra touch of comfort and luxury, with individual heat settings for the driver and front passenger. Start button Start the engine with one press of the START button. Versions Choose a CR-V Hybrid Comfort Make driving comfortable. From € 42.220 Available colors Comfort Standard on the Comfort Sporty entry-level model with extensive equipment: 17 ”alloy wheels Intelligent-Multi Information Display Automatic air conditioning (Climate Control) 5” Audio display with DAB digital radio Tail lights and daytime running lights in LED Lane Keeping Assist (LKAS) Warning system for tire pressure loss (DWS) Emergency Call (eCall) View all specifications Action model Elegance Everything at the highest level. From € 45,130 private lease € 599 * p / m Available colors Elegance Standard on the Elegance Everything from the Comfort, plus 18 ”alloy wheels GARMIN navigation for Honda CONNECT Automatic double zone air conditioning Automatic windscreen wipers (rain sensor) Leather steering wheel + gear lever Dimming rear view mirror Parking sensors ( front and rear) 2x USB input at the front and rear View all specifications Lifestyle Maximum enjoyment. From € 48,755 private lease € 645 * p / m Available colors Lifestyle Standard on the Lifestyle Everything from the Elegance, plus Blind spot warning system Smart Entry & Start Full Nappa leather interior Integrated roof rails Privacy Glass (rear) CVT Shift paddles on the steering wheel LED fog lamps Electronic windscreen defroster View all specifications Executive Comfortable driving in luxury. From € 55,545 private lease € 719 * p / m Available colors Executive Standard on the Executive Everything from the Lifestyle, plus 19 ”alloy wheels Glass panoramic roof with awning Head-up display Heated steering wheel Hands-free tailgate Seat heating (rear) View all specifications Boarding? Schedule a test drive below or download the brochure first. Read all Brochure and price list Experience it yourself Take a test drive Interested? Request a quote * Private lease rates shown include VAT based on 60 months and 10,000 km per year. Rates may vary per region due to provincial surcharges. Fuel is not included. Ask for the conditions. Close I am interested in the Honda CR-V Hybrid Model * JazzCivic 5-doorCivic 4-doorHR-VCR-VCivic Type -RInquiry type * BrochureTest driveQuotationWhich version are you looking for? Choose a versionComfortEleganceLifestyleLifestyle (7 seats) ExecutiveOn (date) * Date Format: DD slash MM slash YYYY In branch * HeerhugowaardZwaag (Hoorn) I want to trade in my car License plate * Mileage * Name * First name Last name Email address * Telephone * How can we help you? Contact us Brochures & price lists Take a test drive Schedule maintenance Receive quotation Receive trade-in price Honda Assistance Honda Models Honda Jazz Honda CR-V Honda CR-V Hybrid Honda HR-V Honda Civic Hatchback Honda Civic Sedan Honda e Services The Welman app Selections Warranty Private lease Honda webshop Honda Occasions Honda Stock new Contact Locations Send us a message Heerhugowaard: 072-5716940 Zwaag (Hoorn): 0229-282610 Opening hours Working at Honda Welman © 2020 - Honda Welman Facebook YouTube Instagram My Honda Welman Privacy Statement Disclaimer