Private lease with Honda Welman | Honda Welman Search Page suggestions My Honda Welman Maintenance plan Contact Home Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private lease at Honda Welman Pre- Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and delivery service Update Honda navigation Tire pressure light is on Make appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman team Welman team Our offices Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Matt sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles Honda service kits Schedule maintenance Contact us Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private leasing at Honda Welman Pre-Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and return service Honda navigation update Tire pressure light is on Make an appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman News Welman team Our locations Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Mat sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles View more Honda service kits Close Private lease at Honda Welman Private lease at Honda Welman Private lease is a way to drive a new Honda. This form of financing makes it possible for you as a private person to drive a new car for a fixed amount per month. Is this for you and how does private leasing work at Honda Welman? EASY. EFFECTIVE. RELIABLE. We make financing your Honda easy. Our sole purpose is to provide simple, flexible and convenient financing to Honda customers for their Honda products. When it comes to buying your Honda, we want you to have the choice of choosing your favorite model and choosing how you want to pay for it. The affordable monthly payments give you the opportunity to choose a model that you normally do not have in mind. What is private lease with Welman? You find the Honda that suits you best and we take care of the rest. That is private leasing with Welman. How exactly does this work? Private lease can be seen in three parts: the phase before purchase (start), the phase during driving (use) and the end of the term. STARTING The private lease subscription is based on a financing plan. This is a form of hire purchase, whereby the user can and may become the owner of his ridden Honda at the end of the term. A contract is concluded for a predetermined term. Private leasing starts with the money you want to invest in the car yourself. Consider, for example, the trade-in of the current car, the possible discount associated with the purchase and a new car. USE With private lease you pay every month for the use of the Honda. The monthly amount includes all costs for driving. We visualize this on the basis of two parts: part A for paying off the car and part B for all other costs associated with driving. Part A. On the one hand, the monthly private lease amount includes the costs for paying off the Honda: the repayment, the depreciation and the interest. Part B. In addition to paying the car, all other costs involved in driving are included in the monthly amount. This is the property tax, insurance, service and warranty, maintenance and repair and Honda Assistance. THE END OF THE DURATION A few months before the end of the contract, you will be informed about the contract. You can choose to lease a new Honda, keep driving or stop the contract. You can return the private lease car or you can choose to take it over. The choice is yours: the private lease contract is not automatically renewed. Curious whether private lease is something for you? We are happy to answer your questions> Honda Jazz 1.3 i-VTEC Petrol Trend Equipped with a Start-stop system, Cruise control, Magic Seats, Bluetooth hands-free New price: € 20,230 Private lease from € 338 p / m Calculate monthly amount> Honda CR- V 2.0 i-VTEC Petrol S Equipped with Trailer Assist, Cruise control, 17 ″ alloy wheels, Bluetooth hands-free New price: € 36,465 Private lease from € 578 p / m Calculate monthly amount> Honda Civic 1.0 VTEC Turbo Petrol S Equipped with Adaptive Electric Power Steering, Electronic Parking Brake, Honda Connect New price: € 25,250 Private lease from € 445 p / m Calculate monthly amount> The most frequently asked questions about Honda private lease Private lease is relatively new and we can imagine that you will find everything here want to know about. This page provides the most frequently asked questions. Honda Private lease and BKR Private lease can be interesting if you have no savings and still want to drive new. What does this mean for your BKR credit registration? Private lease with Honda Welman How can we help you? Contact us Brochures & price lists Take a test drive Schedule maintenance Receive quotation Receive trade-in price Honda Assistance Honda Models Honda Jazz Honda CR-V Honda CR-V Hybrid Honda HR-V Honda Civic Hatchback Honda Civic Sedan Honda e Services The Welman app Selections Warranty Private lease Honda webshop Honda Occasions Honda Stock new Contact Locations Send us a message Heerhugowaard: 072-5716940 Zwaag (Hoorn): 0229-282610 Opening hours Working at Honda Welman © 2020 - Honda Welman Facebook YouTube Instagram My Honda Welman Privacy Statement Disclaimer