Honda Civic Sedan: Refined & Elegant Search Page suggestions My Honda Welman Plan maintenance Contact Home Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private lease at Honda Welman Pre-Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and delivery service Update Honda navigation Tire pressure light is on Make appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman team Our branches Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Mat sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles Honda service kits Schedule maintenance Contact us Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic HR-V CR-V CR- V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock O ccasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private leasing at Honda Welman Pre-Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick up and return service Honda navigation update Tire pressure light is on Make an appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman News Welman team Our offices Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Matt sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles View more Honda service kits Close Civic Sedan Refined & elegant versions From € 37,835 Private lease € 549 * p / m chevron-down-oval-filled Honda Civic Sedan Honda Civic Sedan logo DiscoverClose Design Performance Technique Versions Specifications Take a test drive Download the brochure Refined & elegant The Civic Sedan is refined, comfortable and exciting to drive. 7-year guarantee Exceptional quality Chic sports sedan Chic, fast sports sedan Stunningly beautiful Appearance Appearance Excellent driving qualities Smooth and effortless driving Choose a color Cosmic Blue Metallic View stock Design Refined & Elegant Discover the design Design The contemporary design of the Civic is original, sporty and sleek and combines powerful, sculptural lines with smooth curves. Styling Styling Sleek design The first thing you notice is the low and aerodynamic profile. With its smooth athletic lines, the car is built to perform. Daytime Running Lights (LED) With distinctive daytime running lights and LED headlamps, the Civic Sedan shines with confidence day or night. Wheels Sharp styling starts from the ground up, with new alloy wheel designs. Interior Interior The sleek interior, the contrasting materials and the perfect finish give a wonderful space to stay in. PREMIUM COMFORT PREMIUM COMFORT The Civic Sedan delivers a sense of space and premium comfort. Refined details Refined details The Premium interior is the perfect blend of sophistication, style and performance. CENTER CONSOLE CENTER CONSOLE The Civic Hatchback offers smart storage space everywhere, such as the center console. The versatile center console has three positions. In the fully opened position there is enough space to store one or two larger items. Performance Dynamic driveability Discover performance Performance Two completely new turbocharged engines provide power and economy: the 1.5 i-VTEC TURBO (182 hp) and the 1.0 i-VTEC TURBO (126 hp). If diesel is your preference, we recommend the new 1.6 i-DTEC (120 hp). This engine also has low emission emissions. 5.5 l / 100 km petrol consumption from 1.5L VTEC Turbo Performance Performance A new turbocharged engine provides power and economy: the 1.5 i-VTEC TURBO (182 hp). If diesel is your preference, we recommend the new 1.6 i-DTEC (120 hp). This engine also has low emission emissions. Earth Dreams Technology Earth Dreams Technology The Civic Sedan delivers sporty performance without sacrificing fuel consumption thanks to the Earth Dreams technology. Designed to reduce CO2 emissions, the hatchback also delivers excellent environmental performance. TRANSMISSION & GEARBOX TRANSMISSION & GEARBOX Engine The Civic Sedan is available in a 6-speed manual gearbox or a 7-speed CVT automatic. Shift paddles The ergonomic shift paddles on the handlebars allow you to shift gears by hand, giving you more control over your ride. 182hp power 1.5L VTEC Turbo Engineering Designed with the latest technology Discover the technology Engineering We have developed a whole range of technologies to make every ride in the Civic Sedan a connecting experience. APPLE & ANDROID AUTO APPLE & ANDROID AUTO Android or iPhone users can seamlessly integrate their device with the touch screen. Receive routes, phone calls, send and receive messages, listen to music and even use your favorite apps and stay focused on the road. You can also do this with Siri Eyes Free or Google Voice Search without taking your hands off the wheel. All you have to do is ask. CAMERAS CAMERAS Reversing camera For a complete view when reversing, a 130 ° view, a wide 180 ° view or a view from above are displayed on the 7-inch CONNECT screen. Blind Spot Camera Mounted under your door mirrors, the Blind Spot Camera projects the view on the screen from the moment you point to the left or press a button. driver interface driver interface A colored LCD screen behind the wheel shows what is going on, who is calling and almost everything you need to know, including outside temperature, average fuel consumption, trip counter and distance to empty. DISPLAY & NAVIGATION DISPLAY & NAVIGATION Display Navigation In the Civic Sedan you will find satellite navigation on the 7-inch color screen. The car always knows where it is going, what the best route is and what the traffic situation looks like. DISPLAY AUDIO The 7-inch Display Audio touchscreen connects you to your music, apps and more with a simple tap. All this without distracting you from your journey. Steering wheel control In addition to the Driver Information Interface, the steering wheel controls allow you to activate other functions such as volume, Adaptive Cruise Control and Lane Keeping System. In the top version, the steering wheel is heated, so your hands stay nice and warm in winter temperatures. comfort & control comfort & control Electric parking brake Easier and more convenient: the electric parking brake frees up space, allowing an extended armrest area. Heated front seats Heated front seats offer an extra touch of comfort and luxury, with individual heat settings for the driver and front passenger. Start button Start the engine with one press of the START button. Versions Choose a Civic Sedan Comfort Makes driving comfortable. From € 33,380 Available colors Comfort Standard on Comfort 16 ”Alloy wheels Automatic air conditioning (Climate control) 5” Audio screen Electrically heated and operated exterior mirrors Heated seats (front) LED daytime running lights Lane Keeping Assist (LKAS) Bluetooth hands-free system Tire pressure loss warning system (DWS ) Traffic Sign Recognition (TSR) Hill Start Assist (HSA) Headlight Washer View all specifications Elegance Everything at the highest level. From € 36,715 private lease € 549 * p / m Available colors Elegance Standard on the Elegance Everything from the Comfort, plus 17 ”alloy wheels Leather steering wheel & poker Automatic double zone air conditioning Parking sensors (front and rear) Honda CONNECT (7” touchscreen) 2x USB / HDMI connection Reversing camera Privacy Glass Front fog lights Automatic rain sensor View all specifications Executive Comfortable driving in luxury. From € 38,850 private lease € 569 * p / m Available colors Executive Standard on the Executive Everything from the Elegance, plus Smart entry & Start Blind spot warning system 10 speakers (Premium Audio) Panoramic roof (electric) Honda CONNECT with Garmin navigation Self-dimming rear-view mirror Seat heating (rear) Adjustable lumbar support LED headlights LED front fog lights Wireless phone holder View all specifications Boarding? Schedule a test drive below or download the brochure first. Read all Brochure and price list Experience it yourself Take a test drive Interested? Request a quote * Private lease rates shown include VAT based on 60 months and 10,000 km per year. Rates may vary per region due to provincial surcharges. Fuel is not included. Ask for the conditions. Close I am interested in the Honda Civic Sedan Model * JazzCivic 5-doorCivic 4-doorHR-VCR-VCivic Type -RInquiry type * BrochureTest driveQuotationWhich version are you looking for? Choose a versionComfortEleganceLifestyleLifestyle (7 seats) ExecutiveOn (date) * Date Format: DD slash MM slash YYYY In branch * HeerhugowaardZwaag (Hoorn) I want to trade in my car License plate * Mileage * Name * First name Last name E-mail address * Telephone * How can we help you? Contact us Brochures & price lists Take a test drive Schedule maintenance Receive quotation Receive trade-in price Honda Assistance Honda Models Honda Jazz Honda CR-V Honda CR-V Hybrid Honda HR-V Honda Civic Hatchback Honda Civic Sedan Honda e Services The Welman app Selections Warranty Private lease Honda webshop Honda Occasions Honda Stock new Contact Locations Send us a message Heerhugowaard: 072-5716940 Zwaag (Hoorn): 0229-282610 Opening hours Working at Honda Welman © 2020 - Honda Welman Facebook YouTube Instagram My Honda Welman Privacy Statement Disclaimer