Privacy Statement | Honda Welman Search Page suggestions My Honda Welman Maintenance plan Contact Home Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private lease at Honda Welman Pre- Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and delivery service Update Honda navigation Tire pressure light is on Make appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman team Welman team Our offices Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Matt sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles Honda service kits Schedule maintenance Contact us Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private leasing at Honda Welman Pre-Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and return service Honda navigation update Tire pressure light is on Make an appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman News Welman team Our locations Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Mat sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles View more Honda service kits Close Privacy Statement ensure your privacy. The personal data that you may provide through this website is processed for your own purposes in accordance with current privacy legislation. Persons acting on behalf of Autobedrijf Welman B.V. have access to your data are kept confidential. Jack Welman is the Data Protection Officer of Autobedrijf Welman B.V. He / she can be reached via directie@honda-welman.nl. Personal data that we process Autobedrijf Welman B.V. processes your personal data because you use our services and / or because you provide them yourself. Below you will find an overview of the personal data that we process: - E-mail address - IP address - Other personal data that you actively provide, for example by creating a profile on this website or filling in a form, in correspondence and by telephone - Location data - Data about your activities on our website - Data about your surfing behavior across different websites (for example because this company is part of an advertising network) - Internet browser and device type For what purpose and on what basis we process personal data To your request, for for example to handle a stock or contact request, Autobedrijf Welman BV need personal information from you. We use this information to provide you with the services you have requested. On this website you will be given the opportunity to enter and send personal data. The data is provided by Autobedrijf Welman B.V. received and processed and can be automatically sent to the location selected by you. They can use this information to inform you about products or services they provide. The personal data you provide, such as name, address, (place of residence), telephone number, e-mail address, etc., are provided by Autobedrijf Welman B.V. processed exclusively for the above purposes and therefore not without your permission to anyone other than Autobedrijf Welman B.V. provided. Autobedrijf Welman B.V. strives to take appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect your personal data against loss, unauthorized access or any form of unlawful processing. Questions regarding the privacy policy of Autobedrijf Welman B.V. you can ask us via the contact page. Sharing personal data with third parties Autobedrijf Welman B.V. does not sell your data to third parties and only provides it if this is necessary for the execution of our agreement with you or to comply with a legal obligation. We conclude a processor agreement with companies that process your data on our behalf to ensure the same level of security and confidentiality of your data. Autobedrijf Welman B.V. remains responsible for these processing operations. Cookies, or comparable techniques, that we use View, adjust or delete data You have the right to view, correct or delete your personal data. You also have the right to withdraw your consent to the data processing or to object to the processing of your personal data by Autobedrijf Welman B.V. and you have the right to data portability. This means that you can submit a request to us to send the personal data that we hold about you in a computer file to you or another organization mentioned by you. You can send a request for access, correction, deletion, data transfer of your personal data or request for cancellation of your consent or objection to the processing of your personal data to info@honda-welman.nl. To ensure that the request for access has been made by you, we ask you to send a copy of your ID with the request. Make your passport photo, MRZ (machine readable zone, the strip with numbers at the bottom of the passport), passport number and citizen service number (BSN) black in this copy. This is to protect your privacy. We will respond to your request as soon as possible, but within four weeks. How we protect personal data Autobedrijf Welman B.V. takes the protection of your data seriously and takes appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized modification. If you have the impression that your data is not properly secured or there are indications of abuse, please contact our customer service or via info@honda-welman.nl. Autobedrijf Welman B.V. has taken the following measures to protect your personal data: - Security software, such as a virus scanner and firewall. - TLS (formerly SSL) We send your data via a secure internet connection. You can see this in the address bar "https" and the padlock in the address bar. Privacy Statement How can we help you? Contact us Brochures & price lists Take a test drive Schedule maintenance Receive quotation Receive trade-in price Honda Assistance Honda Models Honda Jazz Honda CR-V Honda CR-V Hybrid Honda HR-V Honda Civic Hatchback Honda Civic Sedan Honda e Services The Welman app Selections Warranty Private lease Honda webshop Honda Occasions Honda Stock new Contact Locations Send us a message Heerhugowaard: 072-5716940 Zwaag (Hoorn): 0229-282610 Opening hours Working at Honda Welman © 2020 - Honda Welman Facebook YouTube Instagram My Honda Welman Privacy Statement Disclaimer