News and promotions from Honda Welman Search Page suggestions My Honda Welman Plan maintenance Contact Home Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private lease Honda Welman Pre-Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and delivery service Update Honda navigation Tire pressure light is on Make appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman team Our locations Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Mat sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles Honda service kits Schedule maintenance Contact us Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occas ions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private leasing at Honda Welman Pre-Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and return service Honda navigation update Tire pressure light is on Make an appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman News Welman team Our offices Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Matt sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles View more Honda service kits News and promotions News and actions by Honda Welman PRESS RELEASE: BRAND NEW HONDA JAZZ DELIVERS POWERFUL HYBRID February 14, 2020 • e: HEV hybrid features three driving modes with EV mode providing exceptional performance in everyday driving conditions • 109 hp (80 kW) and 253 Nm of torque • Combined e CO2 emissions from 102 g / km (WLTP) and fuel consumption of 4.5… Honda Welman Alkmaar 17 May 2019 We were recently able to inform you about the final appearance of our new location in Alkmaar. It is now known which contracting company will realize our new accommodation. After the construction work, Aannemersbedrijf Putter from Uitgeest will start construction. All information about ... Honda Jazz Comfort with free automatic transmission and navigation March 6, 2019 The Honda Jazz Comfort is now temporary with FREE automatic transmission and navigation. * Ask about the possibilities in the showroom. Note: out = out. Honda Welman in Alkmaar December 21, 2018 Autobedrijf Welman opens new branch in Alkmaar. In a beautiful location on the A9 opposite the AZ stadium, we are realizing our new accommodation, which will not only be beautiful, but also functional for you as a customer. The Honda car company of… Honda Welman's Got Talent - Winter Inspection 25 October 2018 Winter Inspection Day 2018: Honda Welman's Got Talent, during this festive day we hold the FREE Winter Inspection and the introduction of the new Honda CR-V and HR-V. On this day we will also test your talent with various activities such as your racing talent on… Honda Welman wins Award for Best Aftersales Performance NL 25 October 2018 For the third year in a row, during the Honda Benelux Dealer Convention 2018, Jack Welman proudly presented the Award for Best Aftersales Performance NL received. In addition to this fantastic prize, we can also report that our Steven Vos from… A golden tip? Do not wait for the Tesla model 3, but check out the Civic! August 11, 2017 Are you looking for an affordable car with high-tech gadgets? Then it's time to get to know the new Civic. Recently, the American research institute Kelly Blue Book awarded the Civic with the Best Auto Tech Value Award. This Award is ... Honda as the most reliable car brand December 29, 2016 Many car buyers are looking for a car that is economical, spacious, safe and reliable. Keywords are price, fuel consumption, functionality and reliability. A number of large studies have recently been conducted into the reliability of car brands. Reliability test of the Consumers' Association Every year examines… Time for the summer change March 25, 2016 The tire change is coming! At temperatures above 7 ° C, it is wise to change your winter tires for summer tires. Advantages of summer tires at temperatures above 7 ° C: • With summer tires you have a shorter braking distance • The rolling resistance is less,… HONDA HR-V NOW AVAILABLE FROM STOCK… January 3, 2016 The new year has started and we have managed to on brand new Honda HR-V models that we can now deliver directly from stock in various versions. Please inquire about your color and engine variant choice. Some HR-Vs we can… Next News News and promotionsOur news and promotions How can we help you? Contact us Brochures & price lists Take a test drive Schedule maintenance Receive quotation Receive trade-in price Honda Assistance Honda Models Honda Jazz Honda CR-V Honda CR-V Hybrid Honda HR-V Honda Civic Hatchback Honda Civic Sedan Honda e Services The Welman app Selections Warranty Private lease Honda webshop Honda Occasions Honda Stock new Contact Locations Send us a message Heerhugowaard: 072-5716940 Zwaag (Hoorn): 0229-282610 Opening hours Working at Honda Welman © 2020 - Honda Welman Facebook YouTube Instagram My Honda Welman Privacy Statement Disclaimer