Customers about Autobedrijf Welman in Heerhugowaard Search Page suggestions My Honda Welman Maintenance plan Contact Home Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private lease Honda Welman Pre-Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and delivery service Update Honda navigation Tire pressure light is on Make appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman team Our locations Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Mat sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles Honda service kits Schedule maintenance Contact us Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private leasing at Honda Welman Pre-Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick up and return Update Honda navigation Tire pressure light brandt Make appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman News Welman team Our branches Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Matt sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles View more Honda service kits Close Give your opinion Customer reviews Heerhugowaard Your opinion about Welman car company in Heerhugowaard As a customer, your experience with us is very important. Your opinion and ideas about Autobedrijf Welman Heerhugowaard contribute to the improvement of quality. An improvement that not only benefits you, but also many other “potential” customers. Therefore, we would appreciate it very much if you rate us! Submit your reviewName: Email: Reason for visit: Registration number: Rating: 12345Review: Check this box to confirm you are human.Submit CancelCreate your own reviewHonda WelmanAverage rating: 118 reviewsJul 10, 2019 by C.M.J. Laseur on Honda Welman Reason to visit: Chris Groen comes to your house on behalf of the company. Are you looking for a company without bureaucracy, but with a go-getter mentality? You have come to the right place! There are no shorter lines between the director and his team. You send a WhatsApp to Jack Welman. Before you can further explain the situation, you will be called home by Jeroen Hoffman. The result: Chris Green arrives at your home, checks your battery, determines that it is "empty", install a new battery and it is gone. Expertise, effectiveness and fast service characterize this company. , that many Hondas, new and occasion, of this company have already owned and still have four members of our family.I recommend this company to anyone who wants to hear and read it.May 12, 2018 by Sandra van Gerwen on Honda Welman Reason to visit: Purchase car company Welman is an example for every entrepreneur in the car industry. I have bought a beautiful reliable Honda Jazz and am very satisfied with it. Customer friendliness, good and fast service, reliability, agreement is agreement and professional knowledge are THE keywords that I give to this company.I recommend Welman for everyone who wants to feel comfortable behind the wheel! Mar 16, 2018 by C.M.J. Laseur on Honda Welman Reason for visiting: AlgemeenL.s., In the satisfaction survey of Honda Dealers about their importer, this importer scores the very lowest score of 4.3! Https://automotive-management.nl/nieuws/laatste-nieuws/merkkanaal / 21905-bmw-again-best-importer-according-dealers? Shared = a4f765026ce9f620c8cf619fd1bcef42 It is all the more remarkable that www.honda-welman.nl scores such a high satisfaction score among its customers. and www.honda-welman.nl nevertheless makes the very best of it and with success! Truly an achievement of exceptional class! Mar 10, 2018 by Pieter and Sylvia Louwe on Honda WelmanReason visit: Car boughtWe were very kindly received, at picking up the car was a joy. Reveal the car and a bunch of flowers! Experienced as very special! Top start and hope to stay in the future for maintenance of our super car! Still very happy with it! Feb 23, 2018 by gjalt huisman on Honda WelmanReason visit: purchase carA "human" car company with proper treatment and a neat delivery of your "new" car. It is not difficult if you suddenly have a choice change. Excellent warranty conditions! Jan 8, 2018 by Jeffrey & Linda on Honda WelmanReason visit: Purchase occaissionWe had to travel a considerable distance to Heerhugowaard to view the car. But it was worth it. Warmly received and nothing was too much to ask. Indeed a kind of family feeling, where you are mentioned by your first name. The car was delivered in top condition and that great delivery service and warranty is really very exceptional.Nov 25, 2017 by Ans Dekker on Honda WelmanReason visit: winter tires / light piece from the outside mirror.Welman is a very nice car company, down to the last detail always takes care of everything and arranged with regard to the car! Think very well with you, and always try to keep the costs as low as possible !! We come and stay for many years at WELMAN TOP COMPANY !!! Nov 9, 2017 by Bieshaar on Honda Welman Reason visit: top company Must say honestly when you come to Welman this is not a dealer but 1 big Family that really gives you the feeling that you belong and makes the impossible possible So that is TOP serviceNov 9, 2017 by Niels Kruijt on Honda WelmanReason visit: Purchase carExcellent experience at Honda Welman in Heerhugowaard.Extremely friendly people.Nice, somewhat older Honda Civic occassion bought, where I appreciated me from welcome to departure felt, even if you do not come to pick a brand new car .. Also everything neatly put down on paper and made clear agreements behind the scenes. If I want to buy a new Honda next time, I will definitely go to Welman Heerhugowaard! Nov 9 , 2017 by HJ Van der Molen on Honda Welman Reason visit: Purchase new house Got a great offer for our current Jazz. They immediately went to the garage and made a test drive in the Jazz comfort machine. Great car and immediately bought 1, it had to be a red one, great. Have been helped as usual again. We are very happy with the people who work in the workshop and in the showroom, they are friendly, helpful and have a lot of craftsmanship. It is therefore recommended to purchase and maintain your car here. Kind regards from a very satisfied customer. Page 1 of 12: «‹ 123 ›» Our company Customer reviews Heerhugowaard Customer reviews Hoorn (Zwaag) Specially featured Honda Jazz 1.3i V-TEC ELEGANCE - AUTOMATIC - NAVIGATION - TOW HOOK 2016 84,763 km - € 15,450 Discover more Give your opinionCustomer reviews Heerhugowaard How can we help you? Contact us Brochures & price lists Take a test drive Schedule maintenance Receive quotation Receive trade-in price Honda Assistance Honda Models Honda Jazz Honda CR-V Honda CR-V Hybrid Honda HR-V Honda Civic Hatchback Honda Civic Sedan Honda e Services The Welman app Selections Warranty Private lease Honda webshop Honda Occasions Honda Stock new Contact Locations Send us a message Heerhugowaard: 072-5716940 Zwaag (Hoorn): 0229-282610 Opening hours Working at Honda Welman © 2020 - Honda Welman Facebook YouTube Instagram My Honda Welman Privacy Statement Disclaimer