Disclaimer | Honda Welman Search Page suggestions My Honda Welman Maintenance plan Contact Home Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private lease at Honda Welman Pre- Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and delivery service Update Honda navigation Tire pressure light is on Make appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman team Welman team Our offices Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Matt sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles Honda service kits Schedule maintenance Contact us Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private leasing at Honda Welman Pre-Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and return service Honda navigation update Tire pressure light is on Make an appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman News Welman team Our locations Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Matt sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles View more Honda service kits Close Disclaimer Disclaimer Legal notice This website is created and maintained by Honda Welman. All rights reserved. All texts, images, graphics, sound animation and video files and the way in which they are displayed on the site are protected by copyright or other legal protection of intellectual property. The content of this website may not be copied, distributed or changed for commercial purposes; nor may any content be reposted on another website. This website may also contain images copyrighted by others. Liability This website has been compiled with the greatest possible care. Nevertheless, the information provided may contain inaccuracies. It must be confirmed in some other way before you rely on the information provided. Honda Welman is not liable for any damage, which arises directly or indirectly as a result of visiting this website or relying on incorrect information on this website, unless it would be legally established that Honda Welman can be blamed for willful intent and / or gross negligence. The product data, specifications and illustrations presented on this website are based on the most current product information at the time of publication. However, it is possible that models or accessories shown on the site have since been changed or differ from the version available in the Netherlands. Honda Welman reserves the right at all times to make changes in colors, materials, equipment, specifications and models without prior notice. Changes can also affect the prices of the products. Any offers on our website are subject to confirmation. E-Mail Information sent by Honda Welman by e-mail is exclusively intended for the addressee. Use of this information by anyone other than the addressee is not permitted. Honda Welman does not guarantee the correct and complete transfer of the content of sent e-mails or their premature receipt. No rights can be derived from the information sent to you. Occasions & Used Cars The used or transferred occasions, so-called Honda & Used Cars, used cars or Occasions, are shown with the utmost care in text and / or image (s). No liability can be accepted for any inaccuracies or incorrect placement, while changes are reserved. Viruses and security Our website is regularly checked for (computer) viruses, but the presence of viruses that can affect the functioning of your computer and / or software cannot be guaranteed. This internet site may also contain links to other sites. We are in no way responsible for the content or use of these internet sites, or for the possible consequences of visiting an internet site connected to this site. Disclaimer How can we help you? Contact us Brochures & price lists Take a test drive Schedule maintenance Receive quotation Receive trade-in price Honda Assistance Honda Models Honda Jazz Honda CR-V Honda CR-V Hybrid Honda HR-V Honda Civic Hatchback Honda Civic Sedan Honda e Services The Welman app Selections Warranty Private lease Honda webshop Honda Occasions Honda Stock new Contact Locations Send us a message Heerhugowaard: 072-5716940 Zwaag (Hoorn): 0229-282610 Opening hours Working at Honda Welman © 2020 - Honda Welman Facebook YouTube Instagram My Honda Welman Privacy Statement Disclaimer