Honda Welman Hoorn Search Page suggestions My Honda Welman Maintenance plan Contact Home Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private lease at Honda Welman Pre -Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and delivery service Update Honda navigation Tire pressure lamp lights Make appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman team Welman team Our offices Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Mat sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles Honda service kits Schedule maintenance Contact us Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New mod ellen Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private leasing at Honda Welman Pre-Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick up and return Honda navigation update Tire pressure light is on Make an appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman News Welman team Our locations Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Mat sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles View more Honda service kits Close Welman company Honda Welman Horn Car company Welman is an official Honda dealer for North Holland with offices in Hoorn (Zwaag) and Heerhugowaard. In addition to viewing our site, you are of course very welcome in our branches, where we will be ready to explain everything to you and show you everything you want. After all, nothing beats being able to smell and feel all that beauty. When you come to us for a new Honda or for the maintenance of your car, you will notice that service is our top priority. Our employees ensure the professional quality that your Honda deserves. Review Honda Welman Hoorn As a customer, your experience with us is very important. Your opinion and your ideas about Autobedrijf Welman Hoorn contribute to the improvement of quality. Therefore, we would appreciate it very much if you rate us! Give your opinion Address and contactHonda Welman HoornDe Factorij 57a1689 AK HoornTel. 0229-282610info@honda-welman.nlContact usOpening hoursShowroomMonday to Friday9: 00 - 18: 00Thursday19: 00 - 21:00 shopping eveningSaturday9: 00 - 17: 00WorkshopMonday to Friday8: 00 - 17: 00Saturday9: 00 - 17:00 Other information Chamber of Commerce no. Honda Welman Heerhugowaard: 37062990 in Alkmaar Directions Directions to Autobedrijf Welman B.V. Zwaag Coming from Alkmaar From Alkmaar, take the Provincial road N242, then take the Schermerhornerweg N243 and continue this road until the roundabout. Now take the 2nd exit towards Avenhorn, you continue to follow this road until the bottom of the A7 motorway, which you then follow in the direction of Enkhuizen. Leave the A7 motorway at the Hoorn-Noord / Enkhuizen exit from the roundabout you are approaching and continue on this road. You now leave the Hoorn-Noord exit to your right at the traffic lights and continue straight on over the level crossing. At the next exit Zwaag / Blokker industrial area Westfrisia, turn right at the traffic lights. After about 800m you approach a roundabout, which you take for three quarters. (turn left, as it were) Then follow this road into the industrial area. You take the first exit to the left and also the end of this road (T-junction) again to the left. Our company is located on the left-hand corner on this road shortly after you have turned off. Coming from Amsterdam / Leeuwarden / Den Helder Via highway A7. Leave the A7 motorway at the Hoorn-Noord / Enkhuizen exit from the roundabout you are approaching and continue on this road. You now leave the Hoorn-Noord exit to your right at the traffic lights and continue straight on over the level crossing. At the next exit Zwaag / Blokker industrial area Westfrisia, turn right at the traffic lights. After about 800m you approach a roundabout, which you take for three quarters. (turn left, as it were) Then follow this road into the industrial area. You take the first exit to the left and also the end of this road (T-junction) again to the left. Our company is located on the left-hand corner on this road shortly after you have turned off. Coming from Lelystad / Enkhuizen Via the Westfrisiaweg. At the exit Zwaag / industrial area Westfrisia, turn left at the traffic lights. After about 800m you approach a roundabout, which you take for three quarters. (turn left, as it were) Then follow this road into the industrial area. You take the first exit to the left and also the end of this road (T-junction) again to the left. Our company is located on the left-hand corner on this road shortly after you have turned off. Coming from Heerhugowaard Over Rustenburg, Ursem, Avenhorn onto the A7. Across Heerhugowaard Noord, the AC on the digging road. Until you approach the A7 take the exit towards Hoorn. Over the Krusemanlaan, Obdam, the Braken straight on until you approach the N243, turn left here under the highway on the A7. Leave the A7 motorway at the Hoorn-Noord / Enkhuizen exit from the roundabout you are approaching and continue on this road. You now leave the Hoorn-Noord exit to your right at the traffic lights and continue straight on over the level crossing. At the next exit Zwaag / Blokker industrial area Westfrisia, turn right at the traffic lights. After about 800m you approach a roundabout, which you take for three quarters. (turn left, as it were) Then follow this road into the industrial area. You take the first exit to the left and also the end of this road (T-junction) again to the left. Our company is located on the left-hand corner on this road shortly after you have turned off. Our company Welman team Happy Customers Contact us Highlighted Honda HR-V 1.5i V-TEC ELEGANCE - NAPPA LEATHER - NAVIGATION 2016 94,378 km € 18,750 Discover more Car company WelmanHonda Welman Hoorn How can we help you? Contact us Brochures & price lists Take a test drive Schedule maintenance Receive quotation Receive trade-in price Honda Assistance Honda Models Honda Jazz Honda CR-V Honda CR-V Hybrid Honda HR-V Honda Civic Hatchback Honda Civic Sedan Honda e Services The Welman app Selections Warranty Private lease Honda webshop Honda Occasions Honda Stock new Contact Locations Send us a message Heerhugowaard: 072-5716940 Zwaag (Hoorn): 0229-282610 Opening hours Working at Honda Welman © 2020 - Honda Welman Facebook YouTube Instagram My Honda Welman Privacy Statement Disclaimer