This is it, the 100% electric Honda E | Honda Welman Search Page suggestions My Honda Welman Maintenance plan Contact Home Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private lease at Honda Welman Pre- Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and delivery service Update Honda navigation Tire pressure light is on Make appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman team Welman team Our offices Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Matt sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles Honda service kits Schedule maintenance Contact us Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private leasing at Honda Welman Pre-Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and return service Honda navigation update Tire pressure light is on Make an appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman News Welman team Our locations Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Mat sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles View more Honda service kits Close 100% Honda E ELECTRIC CITY CAR NOW Pre-order directly THE 100% ELECTRIC CITY CAR NOW Pre-order it now Electric driving With the trusted Honda quality. A unique retro design combined with high-tech features. That is the 100% electric Honda E. The range of more than 220 kilometers makes the Honda E ideal for daily commuting and weekend trips. The Honda E will be in the showroom in early 2020. You can already order these now! Price from € 35,330 Range of 220 km ❮ ❯ In 30 minutes 80% charged Nice and compact, that's the Honda E. Just like the high-tech features. The 35.5 kWh battery is one of the most compact in its class and offers a range of around 220 km. Thanks to the fast charging option, the battery can be recharged to 80% within 30 minutes. The powerful electric motor provides exceptional acceleration from a standstill, allowing the Honda E to reach 100 km / h in about 8 seconds. Pre-order the Honda E Why the Honda E? Driving range of 220 km WLTP In 30 minutes, 80% charged 8 year battery warranty Better vision through cameras A unique retro design View the colors Choose a color that suits your lifestyle Cosmic Blue Metallic Downloads Download the brochure, specifications and additional product information directly below . Brochure Versions Specifications Product information Pre-order your Honda E First name * Last name * Phone * E-mail address * We will contact you within 1 working day. Honda E How can we help you? Contact us Brochures & price lists Take a test drive Schedule maintenance Receive quotation Receive trade-in price Honda Assistance Honda Models Honda Jazz Honda CR-V Honda CR-V Hybrid Honda HR-V Honda Civic Hatchback Honda Civic Sedan Honda e Services The Welman app Selections Warranty Private lease Honda webshop Honda Occasions Honda Stock new Contact Locations Send us a message Heerhugowaard: 072-5716940 Zwaag (Hoorn): 0229-282610 Opening hours Working at Honda Welman © 2020 - Honda Welman Facebook YouTube Instagram My Honda Welman Privacy Statement Disclaimer