Honda HR-V: Fresh, sporty and economical Search Page suggestions My Honda Welman Maintenance plan Contact Home Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private leasing at Honda Welman Pre-Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and delivery service Update Honda navigation Tire pressure lamp is lit Make appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman News Welman team Our offices Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Matt sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles Honda service kits Schedule maintenance Contact us Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR- V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Oc casions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private leasing at Honda Welman Pre-Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and return service Honda navigation update Tire pressure light is on Make an appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman News Welman team Our offices Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Mat sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles View more Honda service kits Close HR-V Fresh , sporty and economical Versions From € 29,580 Private lease € 465 * p / m chevron-down-oval-filled HR-V Honda HR-V logo DiscoverClose Design Performance Technology Versions Specifications Take a test drive Download the brochure DYNAMIC STYLE The HR-V combines a beautiful interplay of lines of a coupé with the functional space and robustness of an SUV. 7 Year Warranty Exceptional Honda Quality Spacious High-Seater Clever Use of Space Extremely Economical 1:20 Consumable Achievable Sleek Design 5-Door Compact SUV Choose a Color Brilliant Sporty Blue Metallic Check Stock Design Compact in size, big on style. Discover the design Design A versatile sports coupe-style SUV with a classy spacious interior. Styling Styling Sleek design The sleek and dynamic lines, from the robust wheel arches to the beautiful bonnet contours, are all designed to improve performance and aerodynamic efficiency. LED rear lights With the stunning LED rear lights, the rear of the HR-V is a picture to see. LED headlights Beautifully designed LED headlights. LED fog lamps As practical as the headlamps look, they give authentic SUV quality to the front grille. Interior Interior Interior The sleek interior, the contrasting materials and the perfect finish give a wonderful space to be in. Meters and Information The counters come to life when you look at them. They give you important information with enchanting lighting. Magic Seats Magic Seats In one simple movement you can turn and fold your chairs to make them almost disappear. That's why we call them Magic Seats. Exterior Exterior Wheels Sharp styling starts from the ground up, with new alloy wheel designs. Hidden door knobs The HR-V contains two cleverly hidden door knobs at the back. Roof rails The silver finished roof rails improve the overall appearance of the Honda CR-V. Choose to add additional crossbars and the roof mounts to suit you. Spacious SUV Spacious SUV The HR-V has a lot of space as a compact SUV. The centrally placed fuel tank not only makes the trunk very spacious, but there is also room for the Magic Seats! Performance Dynamic driving characteristics. Discover Performance Performance The HR-V features fiery engine performance combined with low running costs. The choice consists of a 1.5 i-VTEC petrol engine with 130 PS or an efficient 1.6 i-DTEC diesel engine with 120 PS. Both engines are equipped with the intelligent Idle Stop and ECON functions for optimum economy and efficiency. 130 HP power 1.5L VTEC Turbo Motor Motor The Comfort, Elegance and Executive versions are available with the efficient 1.5 i-VTEC petrol engine, with a power of 130 hp. You can choose from a manual 6-speed gearbox or an automatic transmission (CVT). Eco assist system Eco assist system Press ECON Mode to activate the Eco Assist system. This system helps to reduce fuel consumption by adjusting the engine performance: transmission, climate control system and cruise control. TRANSMISSION & GEARBOX TRANSMISSION & GEARBOX Transmission The HR-V is available in a 6-speed manual gearbox or a 7-speed CVT automatic. Shift paddles The ergonomic shift paddles on the handlebars allow you to shift gears by hand, giving you more control over your ride. 5.3 l / 100 km petrol consumption from 1.5L VTEC Turbo Technology Breakthrough Technology, Inside and Out Discover Technology Technology We've developed a range of technologies to make every ride in the new HR-V a connecting experience. Comfort & Control Comfort & Control Climate control is easy to control via a touch screen control panel. Swipe up or down to set the temperature. Reversing camera Reversing camera When you turn the HR-V, the camera is activated on the central screen. Handy for reverse parking! GARMIN NAVIGATION GARMIN NAVIGATION Garmin PhotoRealTM displays intersections with photo-realistic images, and exits with an arrow pointing to the lane. The system also includes route prediction, current traffic avoidance options, speed limit display, 3D buildings, terrain view and much more. Parking brake Parking brake This replaces the traditional parking brake and provides more space around the driver. The parking brake is electronically operated at the touch of a button. Pressing the button again or pressing the accelerator pedal releases the parking brake. Smart entry & Start Smart entry & Start Once inside, just press the START button while depressing the brake pedal to start the engine. Versions Choose an HR-V Comfort Make driving comfortable. From € 29,580 Available colors Comfort Standard on the Comfort 16 ”Alloy wheels Automatic air conditioning (Climate Control) Intelligent-Multi Information Display Daytime running lights in LED Cruise control with speed limiter Tire pressure loss warning system (DWS) Heated seats (front) AUX-USB input Hill Start Assist ( HSA) Emergency Call (eCall) View all specifications Action model Elegance Arrive at every destination. From € 33,095 private lease € 465 * p / m Available colors Elegance Standard on the Elegance Everything from the Comfort, plus GARMIN navigation for Honda CONNECT Automatic double zone air conditioning Automatic windscreen wipers (rain sensor) Privacy Glass (rear) Leather steering wheel + gear stick Traffic sign recognition Reversing camera Parking sensors (front and rear) 2x USB input, 1x HDMI input Front fog lights Alarm system View all specifications Executive Everything at the highest level. From € 36,045 private lease € 519 * p / m Available colors Executive Standard on the Executive All of the Elegance, plus 17 ”alloy wheels Smart Entry & Start Panoramic roof Roof rails Seat upholstery in fabric / leather version LED headlights Self-dimming rear-view mirror Height adjustable seats Door handles in Premium Satin Finish View all specifications TURBO Sport Sporty driving in luxury. From € 38.905 private lease € 595 * p / m Available colors TURBO Sport Standard on the TURBO Sport Everything from the Elegance, plus 18 ”alloy wheels in matt black LED fog and headlights Black exterior mirror caps Black honeycomb grille Exterior Sports decoration Double exhaust pipes Sports pedals Black fabric / dark red leather upholstered interior Dark Chrome door handles Agile Handling Assist View all specifications Boarding? Schedule a test drive below or download the brochure first. Read all Brochure and price list Experience it yourself Take a test drive Interested? Request a quote * Private lease rates shown include VAT based on 60 months and 10,000 km per year. Rates may vary per region due to provincial surcharges. Fuel is not included. Ask for the conditions. Close I am interested in the Honda HR-V Model * JazzCivic 5-doorCivic 4-doorHR-VCR-VCivic Type -RInquiry type * BrochureTest driveQuotationWhich version are you looking for? Choose a versionComfortEleganceLifestyleLifestyle (7 seats) ExecutiveOp (date) * Date Format : DD slash MM slash YYYY In branch * HeerhugowaardZwaag (Hoorn) I want to trade in my car License plate * Mileage * Name * First name Last name Email address * Telephone * How can we help you? Contact us Brochures & price lists Take a test drive Schedule maintenance Receive quotation Receive trade-in price Honda Assistance Honda Models Honda Jazz Honda CR-V Honda CR-V Hybrid Honda HR-V Honda Civic Hatchback Honda Civic Sedan Honda e Services The Welman app Selections Warranty Private lease Honda webshop Honda Occasions Honda Stock new Contact Locations Send us a message Heerhugowaard: 072-5716940 Zwaag (Hoorn): 0229-282610 Opening hours Working at Honda Welman © 2020 - Honda Welman Facebook YouTube Instagram My Honda Welman Privacy Statement Disclaimer