How to update the Honda Connect navigation | Honda Welman Search Page suggestions My Honda Welman Maintenance plan Contact Home Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private lease at Honda Welman Pre- Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and delivery service Update Honda navigation Tire pressure light is on Make appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman team Welman team Our offices Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Matt sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles Honda service kits Schedule maintenance Contact us Models Jazz Civic Hatchback Civic Sedan HR-V CR-V CR-V Hybrid Honda E View models Stock Occasions New models Company cars (demo) Honda Selections Private leasing at Honda Welman Pre-Order Honda e Service & Maintenance Honda Assistance / roadside assistance Maintenance and repair Major and minor maintenance Prices maintenance Windshield and damage repair Pick-up and return service Honda navigation update Tire pressure light is on Make an appointment Honda Welman About Honda About Welman News Welman team Our locations Construction Alkmaar Happy Customers Working at Welman Happy Customers Webshop Oil and lubricant Mat sets Paint sticks Tire sets Used Winter tire sets Honda Accessories Formula 1 Merchandise Honda gadgets Maintenance Articles View more Honda service kits Close How to access the Honda Connect navigation update How to update the Honda Connect navigation In the showroom we are often asked how to update Honda Connect navigation. To do this, follow the steps below to search for navigation updates of the Honda Connect system. What do you need to update Honda navigation? To complete the navigation update process, we ask you to go to your car, your computer and back to your car. To perform these updates you will need: ♦ USB drive with storage capacity of at least 8 GB ♦ Fast Internet connection ♦ Computer with Garmin Express software installed ♦ High Speed ​​Internet Connection Steps to Update Honda Navigation 1. Start the engine of your vehicle and keep it running throughout the first step. 2. Consult your vehicle owner's manual to find out where the USB port is. Then connect a USB drive with at least 8 GB of free space to the USB port in your vehicle. 3. In the navigation system, go to Settings> Device> Map update (Settings> Device> Map update). Follow the instructions on the screen until the instructions to continue the update process are displayed on this website. After pressing Update map, wait at least 1 minute before removing the USB stick from the USB port. 4. Start downloading Garmin Express on your computer. WINDOWS PC: Download Garmin Express APPLE MAC: Download Garmin Express 5. Connect the USB drive to the computer and follow the directions in Garmin Express. Garmin Express checks if a new map update is available. When this is done, you may remove the USB drive. Note: The time required to download the map varies depending on the internet speed and the map region. 6. Reconnect the USB drive to the vehicle's USB port. 7. In the navigation system, go to Settings> Device> Update map (Settings> Device> Map update). Follow the onscreen instructions to complete the update. Note: The map update can take up to one hour depending on the map region. The power of the navigation system must remain switched on during the update. Thus, the engine should continue to run while the vehicle is parked outside or in a well-ventilated area. Is the update not successful or do you have doubts? Autobedrijf Welman is not liable for incorrect installation of the new maps. Do you have any doubts? Have the update carried out by our workshop. Make an appointment Make an appointment How to update the Honda Connect navigation How can we help you? Contact us Brochures & price lists Take a test drive Schedule maintenance Receive quotation Receive trade-in price Honda Assistance Honda Models Honda Jazz Honda CR-V Honda CR-V Hybrid Honda HR-V Honda Civic Hatchback Honda Civic Sedan Honda e Services The Welman app Selections Warranty Private lease Honda webshop Honda Occasions Honda Stock new Contact Locations Send us a message Heerhugowaard: 072-5716940 Zwaag (Hoorn): 0229-282610 Opening hours Working at Honda Welman © 2020 - Honda Welman Facebook YouTube Instagram My Honda Welman Privacy Statement Disclaimer