Car air conditioning: how to maintain the air conditioning of your car? | Point-S × Services (current) Tire Services Braking Shock absorbers Draining Overhaul Exhaust Air conditioning Bioethanol Decalcification Hybrid glazing Concierge Gray card Tire services Connected tires Guarding Tire Guarantee Products (current) Automotive equipment Beautification products Technical oils and liquids Braking Tools New Batteries and start-up Starter cables Batteries Point S Fuses Point S Interior Floor mats Snowman deodorant Parking disc Sun visor First aid kit Outdoor equipment Roof racks Bike carrier Wiper blades Bulbs Bulb sets Wheel trims Trunks roof Ski rack Chains Accessories (lashing straps) Interior Multi-purpose cleaner Plastic wipes Plastic cleaner Multi-purpose microfibers Cleaning kit (interior) Exterior Renovating polish Rim shampoo Rim cleaner Glass cleaner Glass wipes Rim brush Sponge kit Maintenance kit (exterior) Brake cleaner Lubricant cleaner Windscreen defroster Engine oil Washer Coolant Ad Blue Puncture repair Brake pads Brake discs LED lamp magnetized Cross / telescopic key Ad Blue Multi-purpose microfibers Brush Tire rims (current) Summer tires Winter tires 4 Seasons tires Tires SUV range Utility tires Tires accessories and equipment Pneumatic tires SUV Summer tire SUV Winter tires Van summer tires Van 4 Seasons tires Van winter tires Snow chains Textile chains Tire puncture repair S Glass (current) Tips (current) Deals (current) Log in First visit? Create an account Find mycentre POINT S Generic selectors Exact matches only Exact matches only Search in title Search in title Search in content Search in content Search in excerpt Search in posts Search in posts Search in pages Search in pages service service product product Hidden More results ... Air conditioning Reception - Air conditioning Repair and maintenance of air conditioning: the Point Service Indispensable in summer, air conditioning is a comfort device that allows you to enjoy a cool and homogeneous temperature in your cabin. To preserve the circuit of your vehicle, it is recommended to operate your air conditioning at least 15 minutes per month, including in winter. The risk of leakage or breakage is also lower by adopting some good habits for using the air conditioning: Do not use its full power when starting; Favor progressive use and do not forget to ventilate your vehicle before taking the road; After use, stop the air conditioning for several minutes before switching off the engine to avoid a sudden stop; Call a specialist to guarantee its proper functioning in the long term. and its network of auto centers recommend that you carry out maintenance on your air conditioning when the weather arrives, for example in spring. A simple annual diagnosis allows you to anticipate the costs to be expected and to protect the important parts of your air conditioning system, in particular the compressor. If necessary, this check is also an opportunity to perform a cleaning of the system with antibacterial treatment. In compliance with current legislation, your Point S car center is approved for this type of intervention on the air conditioning system. As an indication, the desiccant filter is changed on average every 2 or 4 years. The diagnosis and intervention of Point S experts are quick and allow you to get back on the road quickly without any heat stroke. For healthy air, don't forget to change the cabin filter every year, which can quickly get dirty and store bacteria and bad odors. Appointment Quote request Vehicle Identity My center Change center Search Search Locate me Map view List view See moreObject of the appointmentObject of the request for quotation Tires Shock absorbers Drain Distribution Overhaul Air conditioning Braking Exhaust Other Meeting times Week at LMMJVSMorning Afternoon Automatic registration / / Loading in progress Manual information Brand Model Date of first circulation Number of kilometers (optional) my information Last name First name E-mail Telephone Detailed description of the project By submitting this form, I accept the terms of use .I agree to receive the POINT S Newsletter Yes No A QUESTION? AN ACCURACY? I agree to be contacted: By email By phone Summary of my appointment Summary of my quote request Your mechanic will contact you to specify your appointment My center: Subject: Meeting times: My vehicle: Validate Next Previous THANK YOU FOR YOUR REQUEST! Your appointment request has been taken into account. Your garage owner will contact you quickly to confirm your appointment. Your quote request has been taken into account. Your mechanic will contact you quickly to confirm your request. Back to the site To make things easier we have thought of everything Add your vehicle and find your Point S center in your virtual garage, as well as all our weather advice and our products adapted to the weather Create my personal space Book an appointment online 568 Point S centers in France More than 15 brands and partners Payment in store after delivery InformationWho are we? General conditions of useSite mapContact usUseful linksRecruitmentBecome a Point SPoint S Development memberPress areaProfessional areaNew 2020 campaignFollow us NewsletterGet a sneak preview , news from our network I subscribe Our dedicated spaces I become a member Point S is recruiting Press Area A Vigicorp creation