Hybrid car maintenance: Overhaul and emptying of your hybrid car | Point-S × Services (current) Tire Services Braking Shock absorbers Draining Overhaul Exhaust Air conditioning Bioethanol Decalcification Hybrid glazing Concierge Gray card Tire services Connected tires Guarding Tire Guarantee Products (current) Automotive equipment Beautification products Technical oils and liquids Braking Tools New Batteries and start-up Starter cables Batteries Point S Fuses Point S Interior Floor mats Snowman deodorant Parking disc Sun visor First aid kit Outdoor equipment Roof racks Bike carrier Wiper blades Bulbs Bulb sets Wheel trims Trunks roof Ski rack Chains Accessories (lashing straps) Interior Multi-purpose cleaner Plastic wipes Plastic cleaner Multi-purpose microfibers Cleaning kit (interior) Exterior Renovating polish Rim shampoo Rim cleaner Glass cleaner Glass wipes Rim brush Sponge kit Maintenance kit (exterior) Brake cleaner Lubricant cleaner Windscreen defroster Engine oil Washer Coolant Ad Blue Puncture repair Brake pads Brake discs LED lamp magnetized Cross / telescopic key Ad Blue Multi-purpose microfibers Brush Tire rims (current) Summer tires Winter tires 4 Seasons tires Tires SUV range Utility tires Tires accessories and equipment Pneumatic tires SUV Summer tire SUV Winter tires Van summer tires Van 4 Seasons tires Van winter tires Snow chains Textile chains Tire puncture repair S Glass (current) Tips (current) Deals (current) Log in First visit? Create an account Find mycentre POINT S Generic selectors Exact matches only Exact matches only Search in title Search in title Search in content Search in content Search in excerpt Search in posts Search in posts Search in pages Search in pages service service product product Hidden More results ... Hybrid Home - Hybrid Point S, partner for the maintenance of your hybrid carThe hybrid car is an excellent compromise between economy, performance and ecology On average, the overhaul and emptying of a hybrid car is carried out every 15,000 kilometers for a hybrid petrol engine, compared to 10,000 kilometers for a hybrid diesel engine. Reliable and autonomous, the batteries are generally guaranteed between 5 and 10 years. Savings can be made depending on the hybridization of the vehicle (micro-hybrid, full-hybrid, plug-in, etc.). Energy recovery during braking and deceleration increases the longevity of the braking elements. The specifics of this technology require the expertise of Point S approved professionals to maintain your hybrid car. COMPLETE AND RELIABLE MAINTENANCE OF YOUR HYBRID VEHICLE Certain parts of your hybrid vehicle are common to those of a thermal car. This is particularly the case for suspensions, tires or even the lighting system. However, dual engines require rigorous know-how in terms of car maintenance and handling of electrical circuits. Your Point S car center has the various approvals necessary to intervene in a secure and reliable way on hybrid systems. Our experience and knowledge of the mechanics of many models allow us to perform interventions on the engine environment, as well as on the mechanical (or electrical) peripheral parts of hybrid or classic cars. Point S experts are able to carry out a technical pre-inspection while ensuring the necessary repairs. In order to offer you an accurate and reliable diagnosis, measurement operations and proper functioning tests can be carried out by our teams. Do not hesitate to visit the nearest Point S center to find out more. Appointment Quote request Vehicle Identity My center Change center Search Search Locate me Map view List view See moreObject of the appointmentObject of the request for quotation Tires Shock absorbers Drain Distribution Overhaul Air conditioning Braking Exhaust Other Meeting times Week at LMMJVSMorning Afternoon Automatic registration / / Loading in progress Manual information Brand Model Date of first circulation Number of kilometers (optional) my information Last name First name E-mail Telephone Detailed description of the project By submitting this form, I accept the terms of use .I agree to receive the POINT S Newsletter Yes No A QUESTION? AN ACCURACY? I agree to be contacted: By email By phone Summary of my appointment Summary of my quote request Your mechanic will contact you to specify your appointment My center: Subject: Meeting times: My vehicle: Validate Next Previous THANK YOU FOR YOUR REQUEST! Your appointment request has been taken into account. Your garage owner will contact you quickly to confirm your appointment. Your quote request has been taken into account. Your mechanic will contact you quickly to confirm your request. Back to the site To make things easier we have thought of everything Add your vehicle and find your Point S center in your virtual garage, as well as all our weather advice and our products adapted to the weather Create my personal space Book an appointment online 568 Point S centers in France More than 15 brands and partners Payment in store after delivery InformationWho are we? General conditions of useSite mapContact usUseful linksRecruitmentBecome a Point SPoint S Development memberPress areaProfessional areaNew 2020 campaignFollow us NewsletterGet a sneak preview , news from our network I subscribe Our dedicated spaces I become a member Point S is recruiting Press Area A Vigicorp creation