Brake control: a brake diagnosis on brake wear | Point-S × Services (current) Tire Services Braking Shock absorbers Draining Overhaul Exhaust Air conditioning Bioethanol Decalcification Hybrid glazing Concierge Gray card Tire services Connected tires Guarding Tire Guarantee Products (current) Automotive equipment Beautification products Technical oils and liquids Braking Tools New Batteries and start-up Starter cables Batteries Point S Fuses Point S Interior Floor mats Snowman deodorant Parking disc Sun visor First aid kit Outdoor equipment Roof racks Bike carrier Wiper blades Bulbs Bulb sets Wheel trims Trunks roof Ski rack Chains Accessories (lashing straps) Interior Multi-purpose cleaner Plastic wipes Plastic cleaner Multi-purpose microfibers Cleaning kit (interior) Exterior Renovating polish Rim shampoo Rim cleaner Glass cleaner Glass wipes Rim brush Sponge kit Maintenance kit (exterior) Brake cleaner Lubricant cleaner Windscreen defroster Engine oil Washer Coolant Ad Blue Puncture repair Brake pads Brake discs LED lamp magnetized Cross / telescopic key Ad Blue Multi-purpose microfibers Brush Tire rims (current) Summer tires Winter tires 4 Seasons tires Tires SUV range Utility tires Tires accessories and equipment Pneumatic tires SUV Summer tire SUV Winter tires Van summer tires Van 4 Seasons tires Van winter tires Snow chains Textile chains Tire puncture repair S Glass (current) Tips (current) Deals (current) Log in First visit? Create an account Find mycentre POINT S Generic selectors Exact matches only Exact matches only Search in title Search in title Search in content Search in content Search in excerpt Search in posts Search in posts Search in pages Search in pages service service product product Hidden More results ... Braking Home - Braking Complete control of your braking system by Point S Playing an essential role in securing your driving, the braking system is designed to slow down the vehicle and allow it to stop in the event of danger or obstacle on the road. It is composed of several elements: discs and brake pads for "disc brakes", or jaw drums for "drum brakes". In addition to this basic system is added the Anti Blocking System , the ABS device, which monitors the rotation of each wheel using internal sensors and an electronic computer. The purpose of this system is to preserve the maneuverability of the vehicle if emergency braking is to be carried out. All of these elements are subject to wear, over time and the use of the car, and must therefore be checked regularly to guarantee your safety and that of your passengers, as well as the safety of other road users, motorists and pedestrians alike! A check every 15,000 to 30,000 km, or every year, is recommended depending on the model. TRUST YOUR BRAKES ON PROFESSIONALS AT POINT S REPAIR CENTERS Whether for a simple check-up or for emergency intervention following When the brake warning light comes on on your dashboard, the professionals at Point S centers welcome you to diagnose your brake system and replace defective parts: discs, pads, calipers, drums. We can also take care of renewing the brake fluid, which is as vital as engine oil for the good health of your vehicle. The braking services of the Point S centers are adapted to the model of your car, and our teams are there to advise you on the appropriate equipment. If desired, the brake system can be checked during the overhaul of your car. Appointment Quote request Vehicle Identity My center Change center Search Search Locate me Map view List view See moreObject of the appointmentObject of the request for quotation Tires Shock absorbers Drain Distribution Overhaul Air conditioning Braking Exhaust Other Meeting times Week at LMMJVSMorning Afternoon Automatic registration / / Loading in progress Manual information Brand Model Date of first circulation Number of kilometers (optional) my information Last name First name E-mail Telephone Detailed description of the project By submitting this form, I accept the terms of use .I agree to receive the POINT S Newsletter Yes No A QUESTION? AN ACCURACY? I agree to be contacted: By email By phone Summary of my appointment Summary of my quote request Your mechanic will contact you to specify your appointment My center: Subject: Meeting times: My vehicle: Validate Next Previous THANK YOU FOR YOUR REQUEST! Your appointment request has been taken into account. Your garage owner will contact you quickly to confirm your appointment. Your quote request has been taken into account. Your mechanic will contact you quickly to confirm your request. Back to the site To make things easier we have thought of everything Add your vehicle and find your Point S center in your virtual garage, as well as all our weather advice and our products adapted to the weather Create my personal space Book an appointment online 568 Point S centers in France More than 15 brands and partners Payment in store after delivery InformationWho are we? General conditions of useSite mapContact usUseful linksRecruitmentBecome a Point SPoint S Development memberPress areaProfessional areaNew 2020 campaignFollow us NewsletterGet a sneak preview , news from our network I subscribe Our dedicated spaces I become a member Point S is recruiting Press Area A Vigicorp creation