Brake Point Home Services Semi-trailers Vacancies Contact Home Services Semi-trailers Vacancies Contact Services Our primary service is to make all your vehicles completely test-free. The vehicle can thus be presented to the Technical Control with 100% certainty of a positive test report, so that time and money loss, stress or annoyances are avoided! Inspection service Brakepoint makes your rolling stock inspection-free and, if desired, also offers it during the inspection. We dare to guarantee that you will avoid a lot of unnecessary stress and annoyances and save time and money. So make the inspection of your vehicle a routine matter and call on the expertise and fast service of Brakepoint! You don't even need to make an appointment for this! 1. Preference “Daily, without appointment and according to a fixed price!” The RD brake test. Adjusting the brakes. Checking the play on the spring bushings, the bearings, the slewing ring, the king pin, etc ... Checking the mud flaps and exspray. Control of signaling and adjustment of lights. Checking the tires. Control of the tacho and the limiter. Check for glass breakage…. 2. Diagnosis “First cause, only repair!” Based on the inspection, we make an overview of any maintenance and repair work that is not covered by the inspection. These will be communicated to you by telephone, where you can decide whether we can carry out these works. "Repairs are only carried out with the permission of the customer!" 3. Make test-free “100% guarantee *” Your vehicle is made test-free in accordance with the standards of the Technical control. * If your vehicle is not approved, we will carry out a re-inspection at our expense, provided that the car can be made inspection-free according to the diagnosis. "We have the same test bench as that of the Technical Control!" 4. Offering at the inspection "Save time and money!" For a fixed price, we offer your vehicle to the technical control, which means a lot of time savings for you and prevents stress and annoyance. "The technical control is only 500 meters from our workshop!" Braking station Figures from GOCA (group of recognized companies for vehicle inspection and driving license) show that vehicles with a maximum permitted weight (MTM) are often rejected during the roadworthiness tests due to the defective functioning of the brakes. Hence our advice to have the braking system of your vehicle (s) checked at least twice a year, and Brakepoint is of course the right place for that. After all, we know what to do with any braking problem with mechanical, hydraulic and pneumatic braking systems. The brake test “A brake test is possible daily, without an appointment and at a fixed price!” At Brakepoint, a brake test is carried out with the most modern VLT test bench - this is the same brake test bench as that of the Technical control of Heist-op-den-berg - and according to the standards of GOCA (www.goca.be). Any deviations in the preventive control of the brakes are adjusted, the ovality of the brake drums measured and the braking power tested in accordance with the standards of the Technical control. A printout of the test results will be provided to you according to European standards. Diagnosis & Repair Testing and adjustment At Brake Point you can go for testing and adjusting your ABS, EBS and ECAS systems, using the most modern techniques and by skilled mechanics who are regularly trained. We also come on site for both diagnosis and repair! Assembly and upgrading Manufacturers today sell many new vehicles with long delivery times. This makes repairing older vehicles that would otherwise be replaced by new ones an interesting investment. Many transporters have already found their way to Brakepoint to provide their older vehicles with a current and high-performance braking system with all modern functions. Harmonization of tractor and trailer In the EC directive 71/320, a tolerance band is specified for the braking calculation with the aim of improving road safety and enabling the interchangeability of towing and towed vehicles in the European market. In practice, despite these EC braking regulations, there are still braking problems because the towing and towed vehicle do not match. If you want to manage your vehicle (s) economically and reliably, a brake harmonization between the towing and towed vehicle is absolutely necessary. Alignment “View a practical example here and discover how much you can save by timely and correct alignment of your vehicle (s)!” For various reasons, the alignment of your vehicle (s) is very important. Firstly, there is the safety aspect and the driving comfort. You will also save a lot on tire costs as tire wear is reduced by a large percentage. Fuel consumption is also considerably reduced thanks to correct alignment. Reason enough to contact us today for a free quote and / or an appointment. Rectification "Correcting the brakes in time results in a longer service life!" Vertical lathe: We turn the brake drums of your vehicle so that the vitrification of the brake drum is removed and they are perfectly rounded. The brake professor: With the brake professor we are going to turn your brake pads directly on the car to the correct radius (equal to the brake drum), with the result that when braking, the full brake pads are used from the first braking. Disc surfaces (disc brakes): When we replace the brake pads of your vehicle, we always flatten the brake discs directly on the car so that the blocks brake on a straight surface. We also check the calipers for any clearances. Overhaul and adjustments "Provided timely inspection of your brakes, high costs can be avoided!" Repairs are sometimes recommended, usually for the reason that the material is not completely worn out and the repair costs are significantly lower than installing new parts. We then speak of revisions and adjustments. Brakepoint has a team of specialists who take care of daily diagnosis and overhaul and / or adjustment of calipers, all types of valves, ALR pressure regulators, brake cylinders, ... Tail lifts We install new tail lifts, overhaul & repair old tail lifts. 24h service Market cars We test, repair and renew all types of brakes of your market car. If necessary, we also install a completely new braking system under your market car. Service center Brake Point is also a service center for the brands BPW, Wabco, Haldex, SAF, Aspöck & Proplast (lighting). Thanks to continuous training and support, we can quickly trace and solve defects and / or problems with parts of these brands. In addition, we have an adequate stock of parts that we can deliver quickly. BPW Click here for the BPW website. Wabco Click here for the Wabco website. Haldex Click here for the Haldex website. SAF Click here for the SAF website. Aspöck Click here for the Aspöck website. Proplast Click here for the Proplast website. Brake Point bvba Heistse Hoekstraat 22A 2220 Heist-op-den-Berg T: 015 25 29 97 E: info@brakepoint.be Links Vacancies Contact BPR bvba Safety Power Led Please increase the height of your browser window for a better website experience. Your web browser must have javascript enabled in order for this website to display correctly.