Privacy Policy Richter Nutzfahrzeuge & Baumaschinen in Lugau This website uses cookies. You can find more information in our data protection notice. Jens Richter e.K. Nutzfahrzeuge & Baumaschinen und Richter Nutzfahrzeuge GmbH StartAbout usServicesExistingVehicle purchasesContactDirections Data protection declaration I. Principles, definitions (1). This data protection declaration informs you about the processing of your personal data when using this website. This declaration is not applicable to any other data processing outside of the previously described websites, nor is it applicable accordingly. The legal basis of this data protection declaration is Article 12 ff. Of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR. (2). We only process your personal data lawfully in accordance with the applicable data protection regulations of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and other relevant for the individual processing (3) The term "personal data" in the sense of Article 4 (1) GDPR refers to all information that identifies or makes you identifiable as a natural person, such as your name, address, telephone number, date of birth, your Bank details but also your IP address at the time you use this website. II. Name and contact details of the person responsible (1). We - Richter Nutzfahrzeuge GmbH and Jens Richter eK Nutzfahrzeuge & Baumaschinen - are the operators of the website with equal responsibility for the processing it your personal data i.S.d. Article 4 (7) GDPR. (2). Our full contact details are the same for both companies: Flockenstraße 93, 09385 Lugau / ErzgebirgeTel .: 03729597152Fax: 037295 97153E-Mail: This email address is being protected from spambots. To display JavaScript must be turned on! III. Data protection officer The data protection officer of Jens Richter e.K. Commercial vehicles & construction machinery For contact details see II. And This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. To display JavaScript must be turned on! (Note: there is no data protection officer for Richter Nutzfahrzeuge GmbH) IV. Type, scope and purpose of the individual data processing Informational use of the website / s For the informational use of our website, it is generally not necessary that you actively provide personal data. Rather, in this case we only collect and use those of your data that your internet browser automatically transmits to us, such as: Date and time of access to one of our web pages Name of the pages and sub-pages accessed Your browser type and its version The browser settings the operating system used The amount of data transferred and the access status (file not found etc.) used search engines your IP address. Time zone difference to the Greenwich Mean Tim (GMT) website from which the request comes.We collect and use this data during an informational visit to enable the use of the websites you have accessed and to ensure security and stability. The data collection described above takes place through the use of server log files. Contact request form (1). Furthermore, we collect and use your name and email address in the contact form you voluntarily use at https://www.richter-nutzfahrzeuge.de/kontakt. These are required mandatory information marked with an asterisk so that we can process your request. We do not need any additional information about your company, your address, telephone number etc. to process your request. However, this information can simplify and optimize processing. Of course, we also need information from you in the "Subject" and "Message" fields so that we can record your request at all. (2). We delete the data arising in connection with the use of the contact form after the storage is no longer necessary, or restrict the processing if there are statutory retention requirements. Offers of commercial vehicles and construction machinery (mobile.de) On the subpage https://www.richter-nutzfahrzeuge.de/angebote you can see our advertisements for currently available commercial vehicles. These are advertisements on the mobile.de platform which we have technically integrated into our website. ATTENTION: If you use the "Park vehicle" or "E-mail" functions on an advertisement, data is collected and processed on the mobile.de platform and not with us. The specified functions are offered by mobile.de and are under the sole responsibility of mobile.de under data protection law. We refer to the data protection declaration of mobile.de which informs you about data processing when using these functions. Vehicle purchase On the bottom https://www.richter-nutzfahrzeuge.de/fahrzeugankauf you can contact us using a corresponding form if you want to sell or trade in a vehicle. We collect the data to be entered in the form exclusively for the purpose of checking and answering your specific request. The fields marked with an asterisk are mandatory so that we can address and contact you by name. We do not need any additional information about your company, your address, telephone number etc. to process your request. However, this information can simplify and optimize processing. Of course, we also need information from you in the "Subject" and "Message" fields so that we can record your request at all. Cookies, tracking technologies (1). We use "cookies" for our website. Cookies are small text files that enable us to store specific information related to you on your PC while you are visiting our website. Cookies help us to determine the frequency of use and the number of users of our website, and to make our offers as safe, comfortable, service-oriented and efficient as possible for you. Cookies enable our systems to make any default settings available immediately. As soon as a user accesses the platform, a cookie is transferred to the hard drive of the user's computer. The cookies we use only store the data explained above about your use of the website. (2). We use the following cookies on our website: a) Session cookies: On the one hand, we use so-called “session cookies”, which are cached only for the duration of your use of one of our websites. These store a so-called session ID, with which various requests from your browser can be assigned to the joint session. This means that your computer can be recognized when you return to our website. Session cookies are deleted when you log out or close the browser. b) permanent cookies On the other hand, we use “permanent cookies” to record information about computers that repeatedly access our website. The period of validity of permanent cookies differs depending on the type of cookie. They will be deleted automatically after this period. You can delete the cookies in the security settings of your browser at any time. (3). If you do not wish to use browser cookies, you can set your browser so that the storage of cookies is not accepted or limited to certain pages or you are informed as soon as a cookie is to be set. Please note that in this case you may only be able to use our website to a limited extent or not at all. Google Maps (1). This website uses Google Maps. This means that interactive maps can be displayed directly on the website and enables you to use the map function. When you visit the website, Google receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. In addition, the data described in IV. Are processed. This takes place regardless of whether Google provides a user account that you are logged in to or whether there is no user account. If you are logged in to Google, your data will be assigned directly to your account. If you do not want your profile to be assigned to Google, you must log out before activating the button. Google stores your data as usage profiles and uses them for the purposes of advertising, market research and / or the needs-based design of its website. Such an evaluation is carried out in particular (even for users who are not logged in) to provide needs-based advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right to object to the creation of these user profiles, and you must contact Google to exercise them. (2) Further information on the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing by the plug-in provider can be found in the provider's data protection declaration. There you will also find further information about your rights and setting options to protect your privacy: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal data in the USA and has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. Google Web Fonts This website uses Google Web Fonts for the uniform presentation of the content. When the website is accessed, fonts are retrieved from external Google servers in the USA. When you visit our website, your browser loads the required web font into your browser cache. This is necessary so that your browser can also display an optically improved representation of our texts. If your browser does not support this function, a standard font from your computer will be used for display. Unfortunately, there is currently no information on whether Google logs and further uses this server request. It can be assumed that the Google data protection information (http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/) also applies here. This means that your IP address will likely be stored for several months. You can find information about the Goolge fonts here: https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq?hl=de-DE&csw=1 In order to prevent data from being transmitted to Google, you have the option in your Disable browser settings JavaScript. A user-friendly display can then no longer be guaranteed. Under certain circumstances, deactivating JavaScript will make it impossible for you to use other functions of the website. ”V. Legal basis for data processing General use of the website / s, = Art. 6 Para. 1 a), f) GDPR contact request form, request vehicle purchase = Art. 6 Para. 1 a), f) GDPR (or additionally Art. 6 Para. 1 b GDPR when implementing pre-contractual measures) Cookies = Art. 6 Para. 1 f) GDPR Google Maps, Google Web Fonts = EU-US Privacy Shield Insofar as the data processing is based on Art. 6 Para. 1 f) GDPR, we refer to the "legitimate interests" in the explanations under III.1-III.8 VI. Storage period of your data Irrespective of the storage or deletion periods already communicated to you in the individual case (see above), we only store your personal data for as long as one of the named legal bases legitimizes the storage. Once the purpose pursued with data processing has been achieved or ceased to apply or after all legal bases have ceased to exist, we will only save your data to the extent and only for as long as this is absolutely necessary due to the respective legal retention period (e.g. commercial and tax retention periods). In addition, we delete your data in accordance with Article 17 GDPR without you needing a previous request for deletion. VII. Transmission of the data to our service providers For the provision of this website and for the aforementioned purposes, your data may be passed on to technical service providers who support us (e.g. web hosting provider, website support provider), which we will of course carefully select and properly in accordance with Art. 28 Paragraph 3 of the GDPR. These service providers are bound by our instructions and are regularly checked by us. VIII. Your rights as a person affected by data processing Information You have the right to information about the personal data we have processed within the framework of the legal provision (Article 15 GDPR). Correction You can ask us to correct any incorrect personal data relating to you within the framework of the legal regulation (Article 16 GDPR). Deletion You can ask us to delete your personal data if the legal requirements are met (Article 17 GDPR). Restriction of processing You can request the restriction of data processing under the statutory requirements (Article 18 GDPR). Right to data portability Under the conditions and in accordance with Article 20 GDPR, we will transfer your data to another person responsible if you have provided it to us. Withdrawal of consent If you have given your consent to data processing in accordance with Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR or in the processing of special categories of personal data in accordance with Article 9 (2) (a) GDPR, you can withdraw your consent at any time without losing legality this data processing is affected by this until the time of revocation. Right to object You have the right to object to the processing of data under the conditions of Art. 21 GDPR Supervisory authority. End of data protection declaration Jens Richter e. K. Commercial Vehicles & Construction Machinery and Richter Nutzfahrzeuge GmbH Flockenstrasse 93 | 09385 Lugau Tel .: 037295 97152 Fax: 037295 97153 Mobile: 0171 7708320 Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. To display JavaScript must be turned on! ImprintData protectionSitemap © 2020 Jens Richter e.K. Commercial vehicles & construction machinery and Richter Nutzfahrzeuge GmbH | webkommunikation24