teileland - teileland We are open normally. Hide info Opening times> Call us: 02291-8099-0 or find us Menu Feedback Sponsoring Training Job offers Product recommendations 10-year birthday menu s Master workshop Our master workshop Mobility guarantee Fleet customers Inspection Accident repair Hire car Glass service Tuning Auto specialist store Our auto parts store Self-screwing Motorcycling Car maintenance Tool chemistry Company Data protection declaration Data protection As the provider of this website, we are legally obliged to inform you about the scope, type of collection and use of your personal data. Here we give you an overview of how data is collected. If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time. Name and address of the person responsible The person responsible within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations is: TL teileland Waldbröl GmbHJeanLouis Weckerle Hauptstrasse 7 51545 Waldbröl Tel .: 02291-8099-0 eMail: service@teileland.de We take the protection of your personal data very seriously and treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration. Our website can generally be used without providing personal data. Insofar as personal data (e.g. name, address or email address) is collected on our website, this is always done on a voluntary basis as far as possible. This data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from access by third parties. By using our website, you consent to the collection, processing and use of data as described below. Our website can generally be visited without registration. According to Section 3 Paragraph 1 BDSG, personal data are individual details about the personal and factual circumstances of a specific or identifiable natural person. According to the current case law, IP addresses are also rated as personal data. Encryption On this website, forms or individual form fields, such as the search field, only asked for voluntary data. This data sent by you, as well as the data loaded from the website, are transmitted encrypted. An SSL certificate with up to 128bit encryption and a 2048bit key is used for encryption. If you fill in password fields, they will be md5-encrypted and encrypted before transmission by your end device. Message-Digest Algorithm 5 (MD5) is a widely used cryptographic hash function that generates a 128-bit hash value from any message. Rainbow tables represent an attack method for this encryption. However, the rainbow tables required for this are very large and require a lot of computation to create them. Therefore, this attack is generally only possible with short passwords. Therefore, use long passwords to increase password security. For this reason, our system does not allow a password that is less than 8 digits long. Cookies Some of the websites use so-called cookies. Cookies do no damage to your computer and contain no viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective and safer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies". They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed. After you have made these settings, you can delete the session cookie here. If you do not prevent the setting of cookies in your browser, the session cookie will be set again as soon as you continue surfing on this website. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted. Email In the course of your contact via email, your email address will only be used for correspondence with you. All other details such as name, address etc. are voluntary. The e-mail will be saved by us until your request has been dealt with or until any statutory retention requirements have expired. We make sure that the data is stored securely before unauthorized access by third parties. However, please note that unencrypted e-mails that are sent over the Internet are not sufficiently protected against unauthorized access by third parties. Data processing for the purpose of contacting us is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a GDPR based on your voluntarily given consent. Server log files As a host and server operator, we store information in so-called server log files, which your end device automatically transmits to us. These are: Browser type / browser version Operating system used Referrer URL Destination URL and transmitted variables IP address of the accessing computer Time of the server request This data is not combined with other data sources or personal data and is only viewed for access statistics. We reserve the right to subsequently examine this data in more detail if we become aware of specific indications of illegal use. Statistical evaluation As a website operator, we store further data on click and usage behavior on our website. These data also include: Display size of your device Number and sequence of pages visited on our website Search terms that you enter with us These data are used to optimize our website. Contact form If you send us inquiries using the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the inquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. We will not pass on this data without your consent. Newsletter data If you would like to receive the newsletter offered on the website, we need an e-mail address from you as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the specified e-mail address and that you agree to receive the newsletter are. If you provide further voluntary data, we can send you personalized newsletters. We only use this data to send the requested information and do not pass it on to third parties. You can revoke your consent to the storage of the data, the email address and its use for sending the newsletter at any time, for example via the "Unsubscribe" link in the newsletter or in the information under "My profile". Use of personal data Personal data is only collected or processed if you voluntarily provide this information, e.g. in the context of an inquiry. If there are no necessary reasons in connection with a business transaction, you can revoke the previously granted approval of your personal data storage at any time with immediate effect in writing (e.g. by email or fax). Your data will not be passed on to third parties, unless a transfer is required due to legal regulations. Security of your data Your personal data provided to us will be secured by taking technical and organizational security measures so that they are inaccessible to access by unauthorized third parties. Google Maps, Google Web-Fonts, jQuery This page uses the Google Maps map service via an API. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. To use the functions of Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this page has no influence on this data transmission. You can find more information on the handling of user data in Google's data protection declaration: //www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/ On this website jQuery scripts and / or external fonts, Google Fonts are used. Google Fonts is a service of Google Inc. ("Google"). These web fonts or jQuery scripts are integrated by calling up a server, usually a Google server in the USA. This tells the server which of our websites you have visited. Google also stores the IP address of the browser of the visitor's end device on this website. You can find more information in Google's privacy policy, which you can access here: //www.google.com/fonts#AboutPlace:about //www.google.com/policies/privacy/ You have the right to information, deletion, blocking at any time the right to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing as well as the right to correct, block or delete this data. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about personal data. Website administration, administration of the editorial system, X-CMS If you log in to X-CMS or register again, we use your data to enable you as an editor for this website and to send information about the system via newsletter. This information includes update information and advertising emails about new functions in the X-CMS. You can revoke your registration at any time in the profile options. If you, as an editor, enter content for this website, you confirm that you are the author of the content or that you have all necessary rights to use the content. © teileland 2020 / Imprint / data protection teileland, Hauptstrasse 7, 51545 Waldbröl Tel .: 02291-8099-0, service@teileland.de, www.teileland.de Website www.media-x-vision.de Admin