teileland - teileland We are open normally. Hide info Opening times> Call us: 02291-8099-0 or find us Menu Feedback Sponsoring Training Job offers Product recommendations 10-year birthday menu s Master workshop Our master workshop Mobility guarantee Fleet customers Inspection Accident repair Hire car Glass service Tuning Auto specialist store Our auto parts store Self-screwing Motorcycling Car maintenance Tool chemistry Company Imprint teileland TL teileland Waldbröl GmbH Hauptstrasse 7 51545 Waldbröl Tel .: 02291-8099-0 Fax: 02291-8099-29 Email: service@teileland.de www.teileland.de Managing Director: JeanLouis Weckerle Sales tax identification number: DE-266782212 HRB 11866 Content-Management-System: www.media-x-vision.de Data protection Personal data are only collected if you voluntarily provide them to us. B. by filling out forms or sending e-mails and inquiries. Liability Committee The content of this website was created to the best of our knowledge and carefully checked. No claim to topicality, quality and correctness is made for content and information. Responsibility for damage caused by trust in the content and the use of this page is not accepted. Trademark information This website contains references to product and company names of other companies. The terms used are trademarks and / or registered trademarks of the corresponding companies. Documents, graphics, software and source texts that form part of this website and can be downloaded from this server are protected by copyright for TL teileland Waldbröl GmbH. Unless otherwise noted, the use, reproduction and distribution of these documents, graphics and software require the written approval of TL teileland Waldbröl GmbH. Webshob The data shown here, especially the entire database, must not be copied. It is not permitted to reproduce, distribute the data or the entire database without prior approval from TecDoc and / or to have these actions carried out by third parties. A contravention constitutes copyright infringement and will be prosecuted. If our service or our goods have not convinced you 100%, we offer you the prescribed dispute resolution service: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/ Links TL teileland Waldbröl GmbH assumes no liability for everyone within their own internet -Direct or indirect references to external internet offers. TL teileland Waldbröl GmbH is not the author of the linked or otherwise linked internet offers. Their content cannot be checked continuously by TL teileland Waldbröl GmbH; by linking, TL teileland Waldbröl GmbH does not endorse or approve this content. The use of links or other technical references to content outside the TL teileland Waldbröl GmbH website is at your own risk. TL teileland Waldbröl GmbH is not liable for illegal, incorrect or incomplete content and in particular for damage resulting from the use or non-use of the content of these external internet offers. © teileland 2020 / Imprint / data protection teileland, Hauptstrasse 7, 51545 Waldbröl Tel .: 02291-8099-0, service@teileland.de, www.teileland.de Website www.media-x-vision.de Admin