General terms and conditions Group Bruno About us FAQ Vacancies Terms and conditions Privacy statement Home Services Branches Partner network Team Contact Bruno card network Search a branch Terms and conditions Terms and conditions Intellectual property All brands, copyrights, patents, intellectual and other properties that apply on this site belong at all times Group Bruno. The site www.groupbruno.be / www.brunoservicestation.be / www.brunofoodcorner.be / www.brunocarwash.be / www.brunocarrental.be / www.brunosafeparking.be are both a work protected by copyright and a database in which Group Bruno owns the copyrights and rights of the producer. Any copy, adaptation, modification, translation, arrangement, public announcement, rental or other form of exploitation of all or part of this site, in whatever form and by any means, such as electronic, mechanical or other means, is absolutely prohibited except in case of prior and written permission of Group Bruno. Any infringement of these rights can be prosecuted under criminal or civil law. Any use of it or of similar signs is strictly prohibited without the prior written consent of Group Bruno. Responsibility for content Group Bruno does not provide any guarantees regarding the security of the website. This also applies to any viruses and computer fraud. Visitors should be aware that certain risks are associated with the use of the Internet. Group Bruno makes special efforts to supplement the information given on this website as much as possible and to keep it up-to-date in order to inform you as accurately as possible. However, it is always possible that certain information no longer corresponds to reality. We ask for your understanding on this. The user should be aware that the information is subject to change without notice. Group Bruno can in no way be held liable for the content of this site or for the use that can be made of it. Under no circumstances can Group Bruno be held liable for the content and existence of other sites with which hyperlinks are created. Purpose of the processing of personal data Group Bruno cares about your online privacy and knows that you also value it. That is why we do everything possible to respect your privacy in relation to the use you make of this website. Group Bruno only collects personal data (such as first name, last name, address, e-mail) when this data has been sent to you personally. This data is used to provide you with the requested service or information. Occasionally, with your permission, we will send you commercial messages regarding discounts and new products. However, when collecting your personal data, you will always be given the opportunity to indicate that you do not wish to receive such commercial messages. Persons who have access to the personal data collected Your personal data that you provide via the forms are included in the files of Group Bruno For the performance of certain tasks, Group Bruno uses certain companies (for example technical maintenance of our websites, assistance with promotional campaigns etc.). These companies will only have access to your personal data to the extent necessary for the performance of their duties. They will only have access to your data to perform their respective functions. Group Bruno will not sell, send or disclose your personal information to third parties. Group Bruno reserves the right to use or disclose your personal information when required by law, when necessary to safeguard the integrity of the website, when necessary to comply with your requests, or to to cooperate in legal proceedings or a matter of public policy. Your rights with regard to the data collected by us In accordance with the Law of December 8, 1992 on the protection of privacy as amended by the Law of December 11, 1998 regarding the processing of personal data, you have access to the personal data that we collect you and the right to amend them as provided below, as well as the right to inspect the Register of the Commission for the protection of privacy. The use of Cookies Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to the hard drive of an individual visitor to the website for registration purposes. Cookies allow the website to store information that will greatly facilitate your use of the website. Group Bruno uses cookies to enhance your online experience. Cookies are used, for example, to register your choice of language so that when you visit this website you will immediately see it in the language you have chosen. If you do not wish to receive cookies or wish to be notified by your browser when a cookie is being sent, please refer to the 'help' section under your browser settings. If you refuse all cookies, certain parts of the website may no longer be accessible. We register which pages of this website are consulted. We use the anonymized information that this registration provides to improve the quality of our website. Links to other websites If we offer you links to websites that are not offered by Group Bruno, these links are provided for informational purposes only and to assist you. We recommend that you carefully read the privacy policy of the website provider when entering these websites. Group Bruno cannot be held responsible in any way for the policies or practices of the owner or operator of such websites. Homepage: www.groupbruno.be / www.brunoservicestation.be / www.brunosfoodcorner.be / www.brunocarwash.be / www.brunocarrental.be / www.brunosafeparking.be Company information Compulsory declarations under Article 7 of the Law of 11 March 2003 on certain legal aspects of information society services. Last update: February 20, 2007 Name: Group Bruno Registered office: Jaarbeurslaan 23/4, 3600 GENK Telephone: + 32 (0) 89 / 84.06.00 Telefax: + 32 (0) 89 / 84.06.09 Company number: VAT BE 0454 568 823 General conditions Online orders and purchases: We appreciate the trust you place in Group Bruno and take your rights very seriously. These General Terms and Conditions of Sale will make it clear to you what your legal situation is during your visit and purchases on the Group Bruno websites. By giving you access to the websites of Group Bruno (www.groupbruno.be / www.brunoservicestation.be / www.brunosfoodcorner.be / www.brunocarwash.be / www.brunocarrental.be / www.brunosafeparking.be), undertake to comply with a legal obligation and the terms and conditions below. These General Terms and Conditions of Sale apply to all offers, orders and agreements of Group Bruno, to the exclusion of any other general terms and conditions. Each discount code can only be used once per person. Creating multiple accounts and taking advantage of discount codes can lead to closing your account. Right of renunciation In application of Art. 80 §4 2 ° law on commercial practices, the consumer does not have the right to cancel his purchase. Delivery of your purchase Deliveries are possible with an online order via www.brunofoodcorner.be or the Bruno Foodcorner app. A minimum amount of € 25 in food corner products is used. Products are only delivered within a maximum radius of 7 km around the Bruno Foodcorner. Bruno Foodcorner cannot be held responsible for any delays. The Bruno Foodcorner location remains responsible at all times for the timely preparation and delivery of the order placed by you. Promotions and discounts not valid on delivery unless otherwise stated. Representation of your dishes The presentation of dishes may differ from the photos on the website. Applicable law and competent jurisdiction Belgian law applies. Only the courts and courts of the judicial district of Antwerp will have jurisdiction in the event of a dispute. Contact All comments, questions and requests are welcome and should be addressed to Group Bruno, Jaarbeurslaan 23/4, 3600 Genk. Can be reached by phone on 0032 (0) 89 / 84.06.00 during office hours. Our services Bruno Service Station Bruno Foodcorner Bruno Car Rental Bruno Carwash Bruno Safe Parking Partners Our partners Our branches As Beringen Bilzen Bocholt Bree Brustem Genk-Genk-Noord Hasselt Heppen Houthalen Kortessem Maaseik Maasmechelen Peer Pelt Sint-Truiden Tessenderlo Tongeren Zutendaal Headquarters Brim NV Group Bruno Jaarbeurslaan 23/4, 3600 Genk 089 84 06 00 089 84 06 09 VAT BE0454.568.823 This website uses cookies to make your browsing experience easier on this website. Click here for more info. I agree