Group Bruno About us FAQ Vacancies General conditions Privacy statement Home Services Branches Partner network Team Contact Bruno card network Find a branch Privacy statement Privacy statement (July 2018 version) 1 General BRIM nv (hereinafter: “Group Bruno”), located at 3600 Genk, Jaarbeurslaan 23 bus 4 , Belgium, is responsible for the processing of personal data as shown in this privacy statement. We guarantee the privacy of everyone and will at all times treat the personal information you provide us or we have obtained about you indirectly in a confidential manner. We do everything we can to guarantee your privacy and therefore handle personal data with care. Group Bruno always complies with applicable legislation, including the General Data Protection Regulation. Group Bruno undertakes to keep the privacy statement up to date. At the top of this statement you will find the date on which the privacy statement was last amended. This privacy statement applies not only to all Group Bruno business units, but also to all independent operators operating under the Group Bruno brand. Group Bruno ensures that all independent operators apply the same standards with regard to the protection of your personal data and privacy. In this privacy statement we explain how and for what purpose we process your personal data. 2 Who are we? We are all employees of Group Bruno. Privacy legislation regards us as the controller of your personal data. In concrete terms, this means that we determine what happens to your personal data, how it processes it and whether we pass on your data to third parties. Our contact details are: BRIM nvJaarbeurslaan 23 bus 43600 GenkBelgiumKBO no. 0454.568.823 Phone number: 0032 89 84 06 00 E-mail: info@groupbruno.be 3 Who are you? This privacy statement is intended for all natural persons whose personal data we process. This means that this privacy statement is addressed to at least the following persons: visitors to our facilities, customers who use our services, applicants (recruitment), suppliers and visitors to the website. 4 Which personal data do we process? Which of your personal data we process depends on the relationship between you and Group Bruno. We give you an overview per category of all personal data that we process about you. Visitors and users of the website ▪ Identification data collected via cookies (such as IP address, preferences, browser, etc.) ▪ Identification data if the contact form is used ▪ Identification and financial data if an order is placed via the website or a vehicle is placed reserved Customers ▪ Identification data such as name, surname, address, telephone number, email, gender, date of birth, etc.) ▪ Financial data (such as bank account number) ▪ Driving license only if you use Bruno Car rental ▪ Camera images if you use one of our buildings, whether this of our self-employed operators, enter or use one of our Bruno Service stations Suppliers ▪ Identification data (such as name, surname, address, telephone number, email, gender, date of birth, etc.) ▪ Professional information (position at the company, website, etc.) Financial data (such as bank account number, solvency investigation, etc.) ▪ Camera images when you enter our buildings Recruitment ▪ Identification details (such as name, surname, address, telephone number, email, gender, date of birth, etc.) ▪ Personal information (such as interests and leisure activities) ▪ Skills (training, language skills, education, etc.) ▪ Curriculum vitae ▪ Camera images when you enter our buildings 5 ​​We do not process sensitive information In the context of our services, we do not process sensitive information. Sensitive information includes personal data that shows racial or ethnic origin, political views, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership, as well as processing genetic data, biometric data for the unique identification of a person, or health data , or data related to a person's sexual behavior or sexual orientation. 6 For what purposes do we use your personal data? Of course we do not just process your personal data. Why we process your personal data depends on the relationship between you and us. We give you an overview per category of all purposes for which we process your personal data. Visitors and users of the website ▪ To improve the quality of our services ▪ To optimize your experience with regard to the use of our website ▪ To ensure the proper functioning of the website ▪ To represent our own interests ▪ Handling requests / purchases / orders Customers ▪ To communicate with you ▪ For our customer management ▪ To provide certain goods and / or services to you ▪ To comply with legal requirements ▪ For statistical purposes ▪ To ensure the safety of our buildings and sites Suppliers ▪ To to communicate with you ▪ For our supplier management ▪ For drawing up and entering into contracts for the supply of goods and / or services ▪ To guarantee the safety of our buildings ▪ For statistical purposes ▪ To comply with legal provisions ▪ To represent our own interests Recruitment ▪ Recruitment ▪ Building a recruitment reserve ▪ To communicate with you credit ▪ To guarantee the safety of our buildings ▪ For statistical purposes 7 On what legal basis do we process your personal data? As a controller, we can only process your personal data if we have a legal basis. To process the above-mentioned personal data, we base ourselves on the following legal basis: - Your consent: In a number of cases, we will only process your personal data if you have given us your consent. In that case we will always inform you of the purpose for which your personal data are used. Your consent will then apply specifically to those purposes. The permission does not necessarily have to be given in writing. You can also give us oral permission (for example via a telephone call). You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Your consent will be requested when you use the contact form on our website and in case of recruitment. With regard to the camera images, you grant your permission as soon as you enter our grounds or buildings where an icon with an indication of camera images is provided. - Execution of an agreement to which you are a party or to take measures at your request before entering into an agreement: The personal data of customers who use our services and suppliers are mainly processed on this legal basis. - Legal obligation: In certain cases, we are legally obliged to process your personal data. For example, we are obliged to process certain personal data in the context of anti-money laundering and tax legislation. - Our legitimate interests: In some cases, the processing is necessary for our legitimate interests. Our legitimate interests are primarily related to the development of our economic activities and the protection of our economic interests in the broad sense, on the one hand, and the improvement of our services, on the other. The legal basis on which we process your personal data depends on the relationship between you and us. We give you an overview per category of all legal bases on the basis of which we process your personal data. Visitors and users of the website ▪ Our legitimate interests ▪ Consent ▪ Execution of the agreement Customers ▪ Execution of the agreement ▪ Legal obligation Suppliers ▪ Execution of the agreement ▪ Legal obligation Recruitment ▪ Your permission ▪ Execution of the agreement ▪ Our legitimate interests 8 Share do we share your personal data with third parties? In certain cases, we must share your personal data with third parties. This may be necessary to guarantee our services. On the one hand, these third parties can be purely recipients of your personal data or, on the other hand, further process your personal data on our behalf (in which case we work with so-called “processors”). In the latter case, we always ensure that we make certain agreements with each processor about how they may process your personal data. We will also ensure that our processors take all necessary measures to ensure the safe processing of your personal data. That is why we conclude an agreement with our processors in which we determine our quality standards in very clear terms. We share certain personal data with third parties for the following purposes: - Taking care of the internet environment; - Taking care of the (financial) administration; - To guarantee our services, we share your personal data with the independent operators who operate our various branches under the Group Bruno trademark. We ensure that the independent operators guarantee our strict quality standards and respect both your privacy and the protection of your data. In principle, we process all your personal data in Belgium. If we pass on your personal data to third parties not established in the European Union, we provide appropriate safeguards and ensure that you have enforceable rights and effective remedies. 9 What security measures do we take when processing your personal data? We take the protection of your data seriously and take technical and organizational measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized modification. If you have the impression that your data is not properly secured or there are indications of abuse, we ask you to report this to us. We also take appropriate technical and organizational measures to determine whether an infringement related to your personal data has occurred and to inform the supervisory authority and yourself without hesitation. 10 How long do we keep your personal data? We do not store your personal data longer than strictly necessary for the purposes for which it was collected. The retention period depends on the personal data and your relationship with us. In addition, we must take into account certain legal obligations that impose on us how long we have to keep certain data. We give you an overview of all retention periods per category. Camera images ▪ 1 month Visitors and users of the website ▪ 10 years after termination of our customer services ▪ 10 years after termination of our services Suppliers ▪ 10 years after termination of the contractual agreement Recruitment ▪ 2 years after last contact 11 What are your rights? With regard to the aqua dream, you can exercise the following rights: - Right of inspection: You have the right to obtain information about whether or not the personal data concerning you are processed and, if that is the case, to obtain inspection. of those personal data. Every filmed person has a right of access to the images. In that case we will provide you with a copy of the personal data that is being processed. - Right to rectification: You have the right to request correction of your data. Subject to the purposes of the processing, you have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by providing an additional statement. - Right to erasure: You have the right, in certain circumstances, to demand that we erase personal information we have. Other laws that require you to retain certain data take precedence over this rule. Also sometimes called the right to be forgotten. We take the necessary measures to erase your personal data, if possible, and otherwise inform you if the data erasure is not possible. - Right to restriction of processing: You have the right, in certain circumstances, to obtain the restriction of processing. - Right to portability: You have the right to obtain your personal data, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable form, and you have the right to transfer that data to another controller. - Right to withdraw your consent: You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. The revocation of the consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent before its revocation. - Right to object: You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time for reasons related to your specific situation. In that case, we will cease processing the personal data unless we put forward compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or that are related to the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. - Right to lodge a complaint: You have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. In Belgium, this is the Data Protection Authority. The seat of the Data Protection Authority is located at Drukpersstraat 35, 1000 Brussels. You cannot simply exercise certain rights and are subject to a number of conditions as stipulated in the applicable privacy legislation. 12 Who is our contact point? If you have any questions regarding the processing of your personal data, or if you wish to exercise one of your rights, you can contact Name: Bruno NoëBRIM nv Jaarbeurslaan 23 bus 43600 Genk Belgium KBO no. 0454.568.823 Telephone number: 0032 89 84 06 00E- mail: bruno.noe@groupbruno.be Our services Bruno Service Station Bruno Foodcorner Bruno Car Rental Bruno Carwash Bruno Safe Parking Partners Our partners Our locations As Beringen Bilzen Bocholt Bree Brustem Genk Genk-Noord Hasselt Heppen Houthalen Kortessem Maaseik Maasmechelen Peer Pelt Sint-Truiden Tessenderlo Tongeren Zutendaal Headquarters Brim NV Group Bruno Jaarbeurslaan 23/4, 3600 Genk 089 84 06 00 089 84 06 09 VAT BE0454.568.823 This website uses cookies to make your browsing experience easier. Click here for more info. I agree