Young HR Home Schools Training calendar News About the project Partners Contact Home WE TRAIN FUTURE MECHANICS An innovative project integrating schools and car workshops, supported by Inter Cars S.A. and auto parts manufacturers. Find school 8,500 Students, 23 schools in the project 20,000 Workshops 40,000 Potential jobs Schools School Complex No. 2 I Armored Corps of the Polish Army 40 years have passed since the first bell rang in the new building of the Secondary School Complex No. 2 in Wroclaw at 105 Borowska St. A school was established, whose assumption is to prepare qualified staff of automotive specialists, encourage graduates to actively participate in social life, create favorable conditions for the development of student personality, facilitate the understanding of social phenomena of the modern world, implement to properly use cultural values. See more Vocational Training Center in Grudziadz. Tasks of the Center: conducting and organizing practical classes for students of basic, secondary and post-secondary vocational schools in the full program scope or in the scope of selected modules or program departments, organizing courses for adults and youth providing or upgrading qualifications, including courses enabling obtaining other qualifications (retraining), conducting and organizing examinations of vocational training and vocational preparation for vocational school graduates, organizing program internships, organizing qualification examinations for participants of extracurricular forms of education, organizing and conducting supplementary practical training for adolescents employed by workplaces for vocational training, See more Mechanical School Complex Nicolaus Copernicus in Świdnica This is a technical school known in the environment as MECHANIK with rich traditions and successes, constituting the history of the city and the region, which has educated many generations of wonderful Poles. This year (September 2012), the school will celebrate its 65th anniversary. See more Show all Training calendar No upcoming trainings All training for the 2017/2018 school year has already taken place. The training calendar for the upcoming school year will be published on July 20, 2018. News Young Car Mechanic 2020 to start! At the end of December 2019, the qualifying rounds for the fourth edition of the Young Car Mechanic competition, enjoying a growing reputation not only in Poland, but also in Europe began. In 2020, the winner of the national finals, apart from being nominated for the international round, will also be able to represent Poland in the extremely prestigious EuroSkills competition. See more Young Car Mechanic 2019 - the best of the best! 21 competitors representing 7 countries of the Old Continent met on the last weekend of May at the Inter Cars Training Center. They are the best young mechanics who, under the watchful eye of eminent partners of the event, fought for the coveted title of Young Car Mechanic 2019 and PLN 100,000! There could be only one winner. See more 'Professional 2019' School Fair On 13 and 14 March 2019, the 'Professional 2019' School Fair organized by the European Funds and Development Department of the City Hall took place in Hala Sportowa at Żużlowa Street. See more Show all About the project "Young HR" is a program created by Inter Cars SA, consisting in cooperation with schools, including by equipping branches with modern equipment for repair and diagnostics of car defects. It also provides the knowledge necessary to educate future staff; is also a "professional trampoline" which is designed to help young people get started in their professional lives. The program supports knowledge olympiads and internships for the best students. The Young Personnel program aims to provide global knowledge to students and teachers. "Thanks to proper education, the chances and opportunities of the young generation to enter adult life are increasing. In addition to highly qualified teaching staff, the need for didactic assistance is particularly important. In the case of vocational training, where theoretical knowledge must be supported by thorough practical training. That is why we came with representatives several companies supporting the Young HR program to provide modern equipment and tools that are necessary in car workshops. Thanks to them, students will be able to explore the secrets of diagnostics and repair of modern cars "Maciej Oleksowicz, President of the Board of Inter Cars SA See the list of manufacturers who conduct training! GO TO THE MANUFACTURERS LIST. Contact. Fill out the form. Name and surname. E-mail. Tel. Phoneadatbebgczychczdedkeeesfofifrgigbgrhuhrieitisliltlulvmtmcnlnoplptrorusesisksmuaba Powsińska 64, 02-903 Warsaw, tel. 801 80 20 20, sekretariat@intercars.eu. The administrator has appointed a Data Protection Officer who can be contacted at iod@intercars.eu. Providing data is voluntary and is a condition for answering the sent question, and failure to do so will prevent the answer. The data will be processed in order to answer the sent inquiry (legal basis: the legitimate interest of the administrator) and to determine and assert any claims (legal basis: the legitimate interest of the administrator). The data will be stored for the period: until the answer to the sent question, limitation any claims and required by applicable law (e.g. accounting regulations). Everyone has the right to request access to their personal data, rectification, deletion, processing restrictions and their transfer. Each person has the right to object to the processing of data, lodge a complaint to the supervisory body and withdraw consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal. Each person has the right to object to the processing of his data. personal data based on the legitimate interest of the administrator, as well as opposition to the processing of her personal data for marketing purposes. Send * Required fields Marta CiesielskaProjekt Manager Inter Cars Cars SAul. Gdańska 27, 05-152 Czólków Polski Send e-mail +48 608 306 813 Partners Strategic partners of the program Media patrons Partners supporting the program Partner Inter Cars S.A. 2017 Young Personnel - Inter Cars. All rights reserved All rights reserved