Privacy Policy AUTO 2000 03821-721398 welcome Below we inform you about the handling of your personal data when using our website. Personal data are all data with which you can be personally identified. 1.2 Responsible for the data processing on this website within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is: AUTO 2000 Plummendorfer Strasse 1a 18320 Plummendorf, Germany Tel .: 03821-721398 E. - Email: info@auto2000rdg.de The person responsible for the processing of personal data is the natural or legal person who, alone or together with others, decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data. 1.3 This website uses for security reasons and to protect the Transfer of personal data and other confidential content (e.g. orders or inquiries to the person responsible) an SSL or. TLS encryption. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the character string "https: //" and the lock symbol in your browser line.2) Data collection when you visit our website If you only use our website for information purposes, i.e. if you do not register or otherwise provide us with information, we only collect data that your browser transmits to our server (so-called “server log files”). When you visit our website, we collect the following data, which is technically necessary for us to display the website to you: Our website visited Date and time at the time of access Amount of data sent in byte source / reference from which you used the browser used Operating system IP address used (if necessary: ​​in anonymous form) Processing takes place in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR based on our legitimate interest in improving the stability and functionality of our website. The data will not be passed on or used in any other way. However, we reserve the right to check the server log files retrospectively if there are specific indications of illegal use. 3) Cookies In order to make visiting our website attractive and to enable the use of certain functions, we use so-called cookies on various pages. These are small text files that are stored on your device. Some of the cookies we use are deleted after the end of the browser session, i.e. after you close your browser (so-called session cookies). Other cookies remain on your device and allow us or our partner companies (third-party cookies) to recognize your browser the next time you visit (persistent cookies). If cookies are set, they collect and process certain user information such as browser and location data as well as IP address values ​​to the individual extent. Persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie. If personal data is also processed by individual cookies implemented by us, processing is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR to protect our legitimate interests in the best possible functionality of the website and a customer-friendly and effective design of the page visit.We may work with advertising partners who help us to make our website more interesting for you. For this purpose, cookies from partner companies are also stored on your hard drive when you visit our website (third-party cookies). If we work with the aforementioned advertising partners, you will be informed individually and separately about the use of such cookies and the scope of the information collected within the following paragraphs. Please note that you can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and can individually decide on their acceptance or exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general. Each browser differs in the way it manages the cookie settings. This is described in the help menu of each browser, which explains how you can change your cookie settings. You can find these for the respective browser under the following links: Internet Explorer: windows.microsoft.com/de-DE/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookiesFirefox: support.mozilla.org/de/kb/cookies-erlauben -and-rejectChrome: support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.pySafari: support.apple.com/kb/ph21411Opera: help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/de/cookies.htmlPlease note that if you don't accept The functionality of our website may be limited by cookies. 4) Contacting Personal data is collected when contacting us (e.g. via contact form or email, HU reminder service and online appointment inquiries). Which data is collected in the case of a contact form can be seen from the respective contact form. This data is stored and used exclusively for the purpose of answering your request or for contacting you and the associated technical administration. The legal basis for processing the data is our legitimate interest in answering your request in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If your contact is aimed at the conclusion of a contract, then an additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR. Your data will be deleted after the final processing of your request, this is the case if it can be seen from the circumstances that the matter in question has been finally clarified and provided that there are no statutory retention requirements.5) Use of social media: videosUse of YouTube videosThis website uses the YouTube embedding function to display and play back videos from the provider "Youtube", which belongs to Google LLC., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). The extended data protection mode is used, which according to the provider, storage of user information only starts when the video (s) is played. If the playback of embedded Youtube videos is started, the provider "Youtube" uses cookies to collect information about user behavior. According to "YouTube", these are used, among other things, to record video statistics, improve user-friendliness and prevent abusive practices. If you are logged in to Google, your data will be assigned directly to your account when you click on a video. If you do not want your YouTube profile to be assigned, you must log out before activating the button. Google stores your data (even for users who are not logged in) as usage profiles and evaluates them. Such an evaluation is carried out in particular in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.f GDPR on the basis of Google's legitimate interests in the display of personalized advertising, market research and / or the needs-based design of its website. You have a right to object to the creation of these user profiles, but you must contact YouTube to exercise them. Regardless of whether the embedded videos are played back, a connection to the Google "DoubleClick" network is established each time you visit this website, which is without our influence Google LLC, based in the USA, is certified for the US-European data protection agreement "Privacy Shield", which guarantees compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU. Further information on data protection at "YouTube" can be found in the data protection declaration of the Provider at: www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy6) Web analysis servicesGoogle (Universal) AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including the shortened IP address) is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. This website uses Google Analytics only with the extension "_anonymizeIp ()" , which ensures anonymization of the IP address by shortening it and precludes direct personal reference. The extension will shorten your IP address from Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The full IP address is only transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. In these exceptional cases, this processing takes place in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR based on our legitimate interest in the statistical analysis of user behavior for optimization and marketing purposes. On our behalf, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to do more with website and internet use to provide related services to us. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. You can prevent the storage of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading the browser plug-in available under the following link and install: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutAlternatively to the browser plug-in or within browsers on mobile devices, please click on the following link to set an opt-out cookie that prevents the collection by Google Analytics within this website prevented in the future (this opt-out cookie only works in this browser and only for this domain, if you delete your cookies in this browser, you have to click this link again): Deactivate Google AnalyticsGoogle LLC based in the USA is for the us- European data protection convention "Privacy Shield" certified, which guarantees compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU. This web site also uses Google Analytics for a cross-device analysis of visitor flows, which is carried out via a user ID. You can deactivate the cross-device analysis of your usage in your customer account under "My data", "Personal data". You can find more information on handling user data with Google Analytics in Google's data protection declaration: support.google.com/analytics/answer/60042457 ) Retargeting / remarketing / referral advertisingGoogle AdWords RemarketingOur website uses the functions of Google AdWords remarketing, we hereby advertise for this website in Google search results and on third-party websites. The provider is Google LLC., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). For this purpose, Google sets a cookie in the browser of your end device, which automatically enables interest-based advertising using a pseudonymous cookie ID and on the basis of the pages you visit. The processing is based on our legitimate interest in the optimal marketing of our website in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Any further data processing will only take place if you have consented to Google that your Internet and app browser history will be linked by Google to your Google account and information from your Google account will be used to personalize the advertisements it contains look at the web. If you are logged into Google in this case while visiting our website, Google uses your data together with Google Analytics data to create and define target group lists for cross-device remarketing. To do this, Google temporarily links your personal data to Google Analytics data to form target groups. You can permanently deactivate the setting of cookies for advertising requirements by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: www.google .com / settings / ads / onweb / Alternatively, you can find out about the setting of cookies from the Digital Advertising Alliance at www.aboutads.info and make settings for this. Finally, you can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and decide individually whether to accept them or to exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general. If cookies are not accepted, the functionality of our website may be restricted. Google LLC, based in the USA, is certified for the US-European data protection convention "Privacy Shield", which guarantees compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU. Further information and data protection regulations You can view advertising and Google here: www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/8) Tools and others8.1 Google MapsOn our website we use Google Maps (API) from Google LLC., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). Google Maps is a web service for displaying interactive (land) maps to visually display geographic information. By using this service, our location will be displayed to you and any travel will be made easier. As soon as you call up the sub-pages in which the Google Maps map is integrated, information about your use of our website (such as your IP address) is sent to Transferred to Google in the USA and stored there. This takes place regardless of whether Google provides a user account that you are logged in to or whether there is no user account. If you are logged in to Google, your data will be assigned directly to your account. If you do not want your profile to be assigned to Google, you must log out before activating the button. Google stores your data (even for users who are not logged in) as usage profiles and evaluates them. Such an evaluation is carried out in particular in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.f GDPR on the basis of Google's legitimate interests in the display of personalized advertising, market research and / or the needs-based design of its website. You have a right to object to the formation of these user profiles, whereby you must contact Google to exercise them. Google LLC, based in the USA, is certified for the US-European data protection agreement "Privacy Shield", which ensures compliance with the EU regulations If you do not agree to the future transmission of your data to Google when using Google Maps, there is also the option of completely deactivating the Google Maps web service by switching off the JavaScript application in your browser. Google Maps and thus the map display on this website can then not be used. You can view the Google terms of use at www.google.de/intl/de/policies/terms/regional.html, you can find the additional terms of use for Google Maps At www.google.com/intl/de_US/help/terms_maps.html You can find detailed information on data protection in connection with the use of Google Maps on the Google website ("Google Privacy Policy"): www.google.de/intl/ de / policies / privacy / 8.2 Google Web FontsThis page uses so-called web fonts for the uniform display of fonts, which are provided by Google LLC., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). When you visit a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly. For this purpose, the browser you are using must connect to the Google servers. This gives Google knowledge that our website has been accessed via your IP address. Google Web Fonts are used in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font will be used by your computer. Google LLC, based in the USA, is certified for the US-European data protection convention "Privacy Shield", which guarantees compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU You can find further information on Google Web Fonts at developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google's data protection declaration: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/8.3. Google reCAPTCHA On our website, we use Google reCAPTCHA to check and avoid interactions on our website through automated access, e.g. through so-called bots. It is a service of Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, hereinafter referred to as "Google". Through the certification according to the EU-US Privacy Shield ("EU-US Privacy Shield") www.privacyshield.gov/participant, Google guarantees that the EU's data protection requirements are also complied with when processing data in the USA. This service allows Google determines from which website a request is sent and from which IP address you use the so-called reCAPTCHA input box. In addition to your IP address, Google may also collect other information that is necessary for the offer and guarantee of this service. The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the security of our website and in the defense against unwanted, automated access in the form of spam or similar. Google offers further information on the general handling of your user data at https://policies.google.com/privacy .9) Rights of the data subject 8.1 The applicable data protection law grants you comprehensive data subject rights (information and intervention rights) vis-à-vis the person responsible with regard to the processing of your personal data, about which we inform you below: Right to information according to Art. 15 GDPR: You have a particular right For information about your personal data processed by us, the processing purposes, the categories of processed personal data, the recipients or categories of recipients to whom your data has been or will be disclosed, the planned storage period or the criteria for determining the storage period, the Be have a right to correction, deletion, restriction of processing, objection to processing, complaint to a supervisory authority, the origin of your data, if we have not collected it from you, the existence of automated decision-making including profiling and, if necessary, meaningful information about the logic involved and the scope that affects you and the intended effects of such processing, as well as your right to be informed, which guarantees exist in accordance with Art. 46 GDPR for the transfer of your data to third countries; right to rectification in accordance with Art. 16 GDPR: you have a right for immediate correction of incorrect data concerning you and / or completion of your incomplete data stored by us; right to deletion in accordance with Art. 17 GDPR: You have the right to have your personal data deleted if the requirements of Art. 17 Para. 1 GDPR are met request gene. However, this right does not exist in particular if processing is necessary to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information, to fulfill a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or to assert, exercise or defend legal claims; right to restriction of processing in accordance with Art. 18 GDPR: You have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted as long as the correctness of your data, which you disputed, is checked, if you refuse to delete your data due to unauthorized data processing and instead request that the processing of your data be restricted , if you need your data to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, after we no longer need this data after the purpose has been achieved or if you have objected for reasons of your particular situation, as long as not f It is determined whether our legitimate reasons prevail; right to be informed in accordance with Art. 19 GDPR: If you have asserted the right to correction, deletion or restriction of processing against the person responsible, he is obliged to all recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been disclosed to notify this correction or deletion of the data or restriction of processing, unless this proves to be impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. You have the right to be informed about these recipients. Right to data portability in accordance with Art. 20 GDPR: You have the right to receive the personal data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to have it transmitted to request another responsible person, insofar as this is technically feasible; right to revoke consent given in accordance with Art. 7 Para. 3 GDPR: You have the right to revoke your consent to the processing of data at any time with future effect. In the event of revocation, we will delete the data concerned immediately, unless further processing can be based on a legal basis for processing without consent. Withdrawing your consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out based on your consent prior to its withdrawal; right to lodge a complaint in accordance with Article 77 GDPR: If you believe that the processing of your personal data violates the GDPR, you have - without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy - the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of your residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement. If you have the right at any time to object to this processing for reasons that arise from your particular situation, you will object to this processing with effect for the future PROCESSING OF THE AFFECTED DATA. A FINISHING REMAINS BUT RESERVED WHEN WE MANDATORY PROTECTION WORTHY CAUSES FOR PROCESSING EVIDENCE MAY THEIR INTERESTS, FUNDAMENTAL RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS OF WEIGHING OR IF THE PROCESSING OF ENFORCEMENT, EXERCISE OR DEFENSE OF LEGAL CLAIMS DIENT.WERDEN YOUR PERSONAL DATA OF US PROCESSING TO DIRECT MAIL TO OPERATE, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO SUBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA AT ANY TIME FOR THE PURPOSE OF SUCH ADVERTISING. YOU CAN EXERCISE THE OBJECTION AS DESCRIBED ABOVE. IF YOU USE YOUR RIGHT TO OBJECT, WE WILL END PROCESSING THE DATA IN A DIRECT ADVERTISING. 10) Duration of the storage of personal data. The duration of the storage of personal data. and tax retention periods). After the deadline has expired, the corresponding data will be routinely deleted, provided that it is no longer required to fulfill the contract or initiate a contract and / or that we have no legitimate interest in further storage. Contact AUTO 2000 address Plummendorfer Straße 1a18320 Plummendorf Phone 03821-721398 03821-721398 E-Mail info (at) auto2000rdg.de Opening times Mon-Thu: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. Fri: 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. main inspection Tuesday and Thursday HU reminder We would be happy to remind you of your next appointment for the main inspection. Please enter your registration number and your email address. You will then automatically receive a reminder email for your HU appointment. Features: E-mail: HU appointment Please note our data protection declaration Contact | Imprint | Data protection © 2020 - AUTO 2000 All rights reserved