CGA Workshop Network - Home Identify yourself × Login Identify Remember me Search Locate your workshop HomeNewsTallersDistributors Anca Alexandru (anca@grupocga.com): Network management> Discharges, cancellations, costumes, modification of workshop data, etc. Lourdes Lozano (lourdes@grupocga.com): Samer Nabhan Training Courses (informatica@grupocga.com): Access keys and IT issues Administration (administracion@grupocga.com) Marketing and signage (marketing@grupocga.com) Technical advisor and warranties (fernando@grupocga.com) CGAM Workshop NetworkMore than 1000 workshops to meet your needs.Discover more CGG distributors Leading distribution group in Spain and Portugal.Discover moreProductsThe best suppliers and products for your car.Your network informsTechnical information of suppliers.News Los Tire workshops of more than 400 m2 can open to the public The Ministry of Industry has clarified to Adine (Association of tire dealers) that tire workshops of more than 400 m2 can open to the public, but not the exhibition and sale area of products. ... Read more Fernando López (Gipa): "There will be fewer workshops closed than what was ... The online colloquium organized by Cesvimap, with the presence of ... CETRAA and CONEPA request the moratorium on social contributions for ... Both CETRAA and CONEPA, the main organizations ... Asetra interprets that normality will come to the workshops next ... The Ministry of Health published the afternoon of Tuesday, April 28 ... Only workshops of less than 400 square meters can open to the public ... If you have a workshop of more than 400 square meters and ... Phases 0 and 1 retail and servicesAs you know yesterday it was approved on April 28, 2020 in which it was approved ... What is ozone, how does it work and how does it disinfect a vehicle? By Such ... What is ozone, How does a vehicle work and how does it disinfect? ​​... Workshops open to the public from May 4? They would have to do it with obligations such as a prior appointment and ga ... Postponement of the workshop rent payment: everything you have to do ... The pl Azo to request the moratorium is May 23, have… Our suppliers CGA Workshops Home Technical Assistance News Workshops About us CGA Group CGA Workshops Contact us Calle Arturo Soria 337, Madrid 91 506 16 16 | 91 383 41 00 Contact us workshops@grupocga.com follow us on our social networks © 2018 Tallerescga Home News Workshops Distributors In the press Photos of the Congress Video summary of the Congress