test PEUGEOT SALES AND WORKSHOPS IN ITALY All Peugeot authorized outlets and workshops Select your Region and Province to find the closest store to you. By visiting the Peugeot authorized outlets and workshops website, you have the opportunity to discover the offers on new and used models for sale, consult and book maintenance services and purchase spare parts or accessories. The Peugeot store and authorized workshop offers a unique and always available contact opportunity near you. Make an appointment online! Find workshops and Peugeot dealers close to you ABRUZZOkeyboard_arrow_right BASILICATAkeyboard_arrow_right CALABRIAkeyboard_arrow_right CAMPANIAkeyboard_arrow_right EMILIA ROMAGNAkeyboard_arrow_right Friuli Venezia GIULIAkeyboard_arrow_right LAZIOkeyboard_arrow_right LIGURIAkeyboard_arrow_right LOMBARDIAkeyboard_arrow_right MARCHEkeyboard_arrow_right MOLISEkeyboard_arrow_right PIEMONTEkeyboard_arrow_right PUGLIAkeyboard_arrow_right ROMAkeyboard_arrow_right SAN MARINOkeyboard_arrow_right SARDEGNAkeyboard_arrow_right SICILIAkeyboard_arrow_right TOSCANAkeyboard_arrow_right TRENTINO ADIGEkeyboard_arrow_right UMBRIAkeyboard_arrow_right VALLEY AOSTAkeyboard_arrow_right VENETOkeyboard_arrow_right keyboard_arrow_left Accepter les cookies test test test * × 1. AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE USER AND "PEUGEOT ITALIA" This website is offered to the user provided that the user accepts, without modification or reservation, the terms, conditions and communications contained on the website itself. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the aforementioned terms, conditions and communications. The information, software, products and services included on this website may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. The information contained herein is subject to periodic changes. Peugeot Italia and / or its respective suppliers can make changes and / or changes to this website at any time. Peugeot Italia reserves the right to modify, without notice, both the models and their characteristics, equipment and accessories. Only at the time of purchase are the characteristics, equipment and accessories of the car to be considered definitive and an integral part of any contract. You (hereinafter the "Customer" or "You / You"), have expressed interest in a vehicle or service promoted on this Website. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you, in accordance with the General Protection Regulation of EU Data 2016/679 (hereinafter "GDPR") and any related additional applicable legislation, of the conditions for the processing of your personal data by Peugeot Automobili Italia Spa (hereinafter "Owner" or "We") as Owner of the Data processing, since these various features will collect, process and transmit information that could qualify as personal data pursuant to the GDPR and the additional data protection legislation applicable. 2. PRIVACY INFORMATION 2.1 What are the purposes of processing your personal data to be part of the owner and what is the legal justification for this treatment and what is the method of treatment? which we collect information relating to your personal data are as follows: a) Consultation of the products, services and offers of the Data Controller you are looking for and supply of an estimate of the relative costs (e.g. price list, promotions, maintenance, repair, etc.). b) Management of your requests (workshop, test drive, dealer, questions, subscriptions to information news etc.) c) Send you, subject to your consent, information about our promotional offers, news and events (through newsletters and other publications). The treatment of this information is justified respectively by: a) The need to take the appropriate measures on your request before entering into a contract. b) The execution of your requests. c) Your prior consent. The data will be processed through the use of tools and procedures suitable to guarantee the security and confidentiality of the information and can be carried out both with automated methods, such as e-mail, sms, and non-automated, such as ordinary mail and telephone with operator, paper means and with the aid of IT and electronic means. 2.2 Who are the recipients? The personal data will be shared by the Data Controller, according to the relative needs, to a limited number of recipients, according to the purpose of the processing, as follows: Name of the recipient: The sales and assistance point agreed with the Data Controller. Purpose of sharing: To ensure that the customer is recognized when interacting with the point of sale or assistance agreed with the owner for the use of the requested services. 2.3 Is your personal data transferred outside the EU? Your Personal Data may be transferred to recipients located in countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA). In this case, the data will be transferred on the basis of methods compliant with the applicable personal data processing legislation. 2.4 How long do we keep your personal data? The retention period of your personal data collected by the Data Controller can be determined for the purposes of data processing based on the following criteria: - The data stored for a given purpose are kept for the time necessary for this purpose of the processing of personal data as defined in article 1 above (terms set forth in the contract with you in place, in accordance with the statute of limitations set by law and until we have a commercial relationship with you). - Your personal data are therefore stored for use in the event of litigation or controversy according to the applicable limitation periods. - At the end of the terms, your personal data will be made anonymous or deleted. For further information, it is also possible to refer to the Data Retention Procedure of the Data Controller. 2.5 How do we use cookies on our websites or digital applications? Cookies are small files that we send to the browser file containing cookies on your computer's hard disk via our web server in order to allow our website to recognize your device when you visit it. When you visit our site or use our applications or other digital tools, we, with your consent, may use cookies, web beacons (also called: "pixel tags") and other technologies to collect the following data: • address IP, login information, browser type, location, time, operating system and other technical information; • Information about your visit, including the website you visited before and after our website and the products you saw; • Duration of visits to the pages of our website and information on page interactions. For more information you can consult our cookie policy by clicking here. 2.6 What are your rights and how can you exercise them? In accordance with the GDPR and the applicable personal data protection legislation, you have the right of access, right to rectification, right to cancellation, right to limitation of processing, right to obtain a copy of your personal data for your purposes or to provide them to another supplier of your choice (data portability), the right to object to the processing of your personal data when they are processed for direct marketing purposes. You can also withdraw consent at any time if the treatment is based on your consent. All these rights apply to the extent permitted by the GDPR and the additional applicable data protection legislation. You can exercise these rights on simple request to the Customer Relations Service at the following address: - Contacting us on the toll-free number 800 900 901 from Monday to Friday from 9 to 19 and Saturday from 9 to 13; - By connecting to the website at www.peugeot.it, under the heading "Contact us"; - By mail, to the following address: Peugeot Customer Relations Service, Via Gallarate, n. 199, 20151 Milan. You can also exercise your rights by sending a complaint to the Guarantor Authority for the protection of personal data Piazza di Monte Citorio n. 121 - 00186 Rome, www.garanteprivacy.it. 3. Cookies Policy http://www.peugeot.it/cookies-policy/ 4. Intellectual property rights The rights on the brands, designs, models and contents of the Website, as well as on their organization and presentation, are the exclusive property of Peugeot Automobili Italia SpA and Automobiles Peugeot S.A. Consequently, any reproduction or partial or integral use of any of the elements of the Website is prohibited without prior authorization from Peugeot Automobili Italia S.p.A. and Automobiles Peugeot S.A .. 5. Limitation of Liability Users use the Website under their responsibility. Peugeot Automobili Italia S.p.A. is not responsible for any damage caused by the use of this site to users or third parties. Users are also invited to protect their systems, hardware and software, against any form of virus contamination and / or attempted intrusion. 6. Copyright and Hypertext Links The multimedia contents (images, videos, sounds, etc.) present on the site cannot be, even partially, recorded, copied, exposed, distributed, transmitted, republished, modified, translated and in any case reused in any form and through any tool, without prior written authorization from Peugeot Automobili Italia SpA, to be requested from Peugeot Automobili Italia SpA, Legal Office, via Gallarate, 199 - 20151 - Milan. The provision of a hypertext link to the Internet site must be authorized in writing in advance. by Peugeot Automobili Italia SpA In any case, Peugeot Automobili Italia S.p.A. is not responsible for the content of the sites to which the Internet Site may possibly be associated by hypertext links or by any other type of link. 7. Applicable law Any question relating to the content and use of the Internet Site, as well as any other question however connected to it, and subject to Italian law. 8. Modification of these terms and conditions Peugeot Italia reserves the right to modify the terms, conditions and communications pursuant to which this website is offered. THE DATA, OPTIONS AND CONFIGURATIONS CONTAINED AND OBTAINABLE ON THE SITE, HAVE INFORMATION AND NON-CERTIFICATION VALUE. COPYRIGHT (1997-2010 Peugeot Automobili Italia S.p.A. - Automobiles Peugeot S.A.) Peugeot Automobili Italia S.p.A, with registered office in Milan, Via Gallarate, 199 Partita I.V.A. n. 00882090152 and registration in the Milan Register of Companies no. 779296, Share Capital Euro 4,480,000 fully paid up. The information relating to the loans shown on this site is exclusively of an advertising message for promotional purposes and is offered by Banca PSA Italia S.p.A., 20151 Milan - Via Gallarate 199, C.F. e P.Iva 08822460963 REA CCIAA MI 2051158 CODE ABI 3628.5 Cap.Soc. euro 140.309.000 i.v - pec: bancapsaitalia@mpsacert.it. Management and coordination of Santander Consumer Bank S.p.A. Any financing offers may be subject to conditions and are subject to the specific approval of Banca PSA Italia S.p.A. European basic consumer credit information and information sheets relating to the products offered by Banca PSA Italia S.p.A. described on this site are available from the Dealers or on the institutional website of Banca PSA Italia S.p.A .: www.bancapsaitalia.it, in the "Transparency" section. Close