Legal notices - TOP CLEAN CAR TOP CLEAN CAR is a renovation specialist At your service since 2011 Tel. 09.86.21.41.35 Follow us MenuHomeWho are we? Shop Gallery References Customer reviews Cleaning and renovationOur formulas Our options Body polishing Ceramic protection Maintenance and repairs Bodywork / paintwork Paintless dent repair Rim repair Tinted film loyalty programSpecial offer LLD returns News Support Soleil d'Enfance Contact Company name: SARL . BUSINESS TO DO Headquarters: 10 Rue de Bordeaux 94 700 Maisons-Alfort France Tel. 09.86.21.41.35 E-mail: Siret: 802 633 933 00014 Publication director: MULLOIS Claude Intra-community VAT number: FR01802633933 DPO. : MULLOIS Claude Host: Owentis Company name: SAS. Owentis Headquarters: 53 rue Baudin 92300 Levallois Perret RCS. de Nanterre: 405 398 736 Photographic credits: Yuri Bizgaimer © Adobe Stock scottchan © Adobe Stock Magryt © Adobe Stock Ivan Kurmyshov © Adobe Stock vchalup © Adobe Stock ipopba © Adobe Stock Olivier Le Moal © Adobe Stock Mariusz Blach © Adobe Stock Zoriana © Adobe Stock Daniel Berkmann © Adobe Stock finevector © Adobe Stock This site is the property of SITTI establishment located rue Emile Dewoitine ZA Papillon 37210 PARCAY MESLAY.www.topcleancar.com aims to be exemplary and to contribute to the creation of a world elegant. We place great value on honesty and clarity and are committed to building strong and lasting relationships with our customers, based on trust and mutual interest. In accordance with this philosophy, the protection of your personal data is essential to us and we wish to inform you through this personal data protection policy of the way in which we collect and process this data. This privacy policy defines and informs you of the way in which www.topcleancar.com uses and protects the information that you transmit to us, if applicable, when you use this site accessible from the following URL: www.topcleancar .com.fr. Please note that this privacy policy may be modified or supplemented at any time by www.topcleancar.com, in particular with a view to complying with any legislative, regulatory, jurisprudential or technological development. In such a case, the date of its update will be clearly identified at the top of this policy. These modifications are binding on the User as soon as they are put online. The User should therefore regularly consult this privacy policy and the use of cookies in order to become aware of any changes. General data protection regulations (GDPR) Top Clean Car undertakes that the collection and processing of your data, carried out from the site www.topcleancar.com comply with the general data protection regulations (GDPR) ). Each form or teleservice limits the collection of personal data to what is strictly necessary (minimization of data) and indicates in particular: what are the objectives of collecting this data, if this data is mandatory or optional for the management of your request, who may take it knowledge (only Top Clean Car in principle, unless specified in the form when a transmission to a third party is necessary to manage your request), Personal data collected as part of the services offered on www.topcleancar.com are processed according to secure protocols and allow Top Clean Car to manage requests received in its IT applications. For any information or exercise of your Data Protection rights on the processing of personal data managed by Top Clean Car, you can contact Top Clean Car and possibly its data protection officer (DPO), if distinguished. Confidentiality Top Clean Car does not store any personal identifying information, with the exception of forms that the user is free to fill. This information will not be used without your consent, we will only use it to send you letters, brochures, quotes or to contact you. The information collected on the sites benefit from the protection of the law "Computing and Liberties" n ° 78-17 of January 06, 1978. They profit from a right of access, rectification, opposition to communication and deletion on simple request to. Top Clean Car may carry out statistical analyzes without their being registered and may inform third parties (website traffic agencies) in summary form and not registered. Use of cookies The management of orders and the display of the website requires the use of cookies. Non-personal information is recorded by this cookie system (text files used to recognize a user and thus facilitate their use of the site). These have no meaning outside of their use on the site www.topcleancar.com Hypertext links You are free to establish links to this site insofar as they do not damage the image of its publisher . You are authorized to establish links towards the pages of the site in the format: html, php, xml. The practice of framing is prohibited, as is any other practice or technique likely to cause confusion in the minds of the public. Deep links to documents in pdf, doc or rtf formats are prohibited. Indeed, this type of document does not allow you to read these terms of use. Top Clean Car does not control sites linked to its own, and therefore cannot be responsible for their content. The risks associated with the use of these sites lie entirely with the user. He will comply with their conditions of use. Responsibility Top Clean Car declines any responsibility for the difficulties met during the access to its site or for any failure of communication. Top Clean Car reserves the right to modify, interrupt temporarily or permanently, all or part of the site, without notice. Top Clean Car can in no way be held responsible against you or against a third party for any modification, interruption or suspension of the site. Intellectual property In accordance with the laws governing intellectual property, the reproduction or use of the elements found on this website, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited. Only legal exceptions are maintained, including representation in the context of the family circle, private copying or the right of short quotation. Thus, all the texts, photos, logos, brands and other elements reproduced on this site are reserved and protected by intellectual property law. (Copyright law, neighboring law, trademark law ...). Any total or partial representation of this site by any process whatsoever, without the express authorization of the operator of the website is prohibited and constitutes an infringement punishable by articles L 335-2 and following of the Intellectual Property Code. The same applies to any databases appearing on the website which are protected by the provisions of the law of July 11, 1998 transposing into the Intellectual Property Code (IPC) of the European directive of March 11, 1996 relating to legal protection of databases. Good visit. Legal notices Who are we? btn1 Contact us Form Last name, first name E-mail Phone Message By checking this box, I agree that the data entered in the above form will be used to contact me as part of my request, in accordance with our privacy policy. Loading, please wait ... Our contact details Top Clean Car Top Clean Car 10 rue de Bordeaux 94 700 Maisons-Alfort Tel. 09.86.21.41.35 Hours Monday to Friday: 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. / 2:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. Saturday: 10:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. / 2:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. Access plan Top Clean Car Top Clean Car 10 rue de Bordeaux 94 700 Maisons-Alfort Tel. 09.86.21.41.35 Monday to Friday: 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. / 2:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. Saturday: 10:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. / 2:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. Home Our formulas Our options Body polishing Ceramic protection Maintenance and repairs LLD loyalty program News Support Soleil d ' childhood Contact Legal notice Personal data