Car steam cleaning in Val-de-Marne - TOP CLEAN CAR TOP CLEAN CAR is a renovation specialist At your service since 2011 Tel. 09.86.21.41.35 Follow us MenuHomeWho are we? Shop Gallery References Customer reviews Cleaning and renovationOur formulas Our options Body polishing Ceramic protection Maintenance and repairs Bodywork / paintwork Paintless dent removal Rim repair Tinted film loyalty programSpecial offer LLD returns News Support Sunshine for childhood Contact Top Clean Car: 1st class maintenance for your vehicle at Maisons-Alfort in Val-de-Marne (94). Dear client, Our agency is open and imperative sanitary measures are in place. the rules described in pj below must therefore be respected. Conditions for taking over covid19 Thank you for your understanding. WHO ARE WE ? Discover our company. The whole team of TOP CLEAN CAR wishes you an excellent year of happiness and success Our formulas Discover all our services Maintenance and repairs Discover all our services Loyalty program Learn more about the program Support for the Sun of childhood We support the association Contact us We answer your questions Aesthetic preparation of vehicles (Steaming) by hand and cleaning, exterior and interior cleaning, renovation and finishing, maintenance and repair. "All in one, turnkey service." In order to give your vehicle cleanliness, shine and protection, it is with pleasure that we welcome you to our agency. Whatever your need you will find among our different formulas the one that suits you best. Occasional or regular interior and / or exterior washing Cleaning of the bodywork with water or steam Renovation of the bodywork Protection of the bodywork Interior cleaning with disinfectant steam (antibacterial) Maintenance of leathers maintenance of the fleet of your professional vehicles VIP cleaning for an event such as a wedding or for the resale of your vehicle A complete renovation of your vehicle with a view to a leaseback (Guaranteed cheaper than the costs charged by the rental agency) We also take care of your vehicle for: Bodywork repairs and painting. Paintless dent repair Technical control Overhauls (pads, air conditioning, oil change) Rims repair Break of solar films on the windows We guarantee you high quality services performed by hand, which beyond satisfying your needs, you will bring unique pleasure. Do not hesitate to contact us for any information, estimate or to make an appointment. Who are we ? btn1 Contact us Form Last name, first name E-mail Phone Message By checking this box, I agree that the data entered in the above form will be used to contact me as part of my request, in accordance with our privacy policy. Loading, please wait ... Our contact details Top Clean Car Top Clean Car 10 rue de Bordeaux 94 700 Maisons-Alfort Tel. 09.86.21.41.35 Hours Monday to Friday: 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. / 2:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. Saturday: 10:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. / 2:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. Access plan Top Clean Car Top Clean Car 10 rue de Bordeaux 94 700 Maisons-Alfort Tel. 09.86.21.41.35 Monday to Friday: 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. / 2:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. Saturday: 10:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. / 2:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. Home Our formulas Our options Body polishing Ceramic protection Maintenance and repairs LLD loyalty program News Support Soleil d ' childhood Contact Legal notice Personal data