Goldschmiede Gröninger Toggle navigation Goldschmiede Gröninger Philosophy Jewelry Wedding Rings Gallery Curriculum Vitae Encounter I can only spin gold out of straw. Philosophy What can I do you good? Origin Unique gems are created from precious stones and high-quality metals. Because there is nothing special off the shelf. According to your taste On request, I will manufacture individual pieces of jewelry for you according to your wishes, which reflect your personality. Gifts You will definitely find the right gift for every occasion in my shop, because I have small works of art ready for you with great attention to detail. The goal is not only to create jewelry that surrounds us every day in the most varied of shapes, but jewelry that grows in us from the gut. The result is works that are innovative, artistic or simply beautiful. Jewelry With attention to detail Peace bracelet mandarin garnet Leaf earrings Frog prince Dance on the volcano Lava coral Pin wedding rings For your special occasion the rings of your dreams To the moon The sea Forever eternity Stardust Pure elegance Gallery The most luxurious skin care in the world Previous Next CV Heinrich Gröninger 1954 birth In Bendorf in the Mayen-Koblenz district in Rhineland-Palatinate, I saw the light of day in February. Everything should start here. 1978-1982 Apprenticeship I completed my apprenticeship with Ingo Spohn in Idar-Oberstein. 1982-1987 Apprenticeship years I spent my journeyman years in Schliersee and Koblenz. 1987 Master examination finally done! I passed my master's examination in Idar-Oberstein and took over the workshop management at a wide variety of jewelers. 1995-2010 Standing on my own two feet I immediately worked as a freelance goldsmith in Bendorf. I took part in courses for platinum and barrel technology in order to continue my education and was involved in exhibitions on a regional and national level. 2010 departure From 2010 I moved to Werder an der Havel and since June 2010 I have a beautiful goldsmith where I warmly welcome you. I look forward to you! I am waiting for you Just visit me in my shop in the beautiful flower town Werder an der Havel near Berlin. Am Markt 22 14542 Werder 03327 668544 heinrichgroeninger@t-online.de Opening timesMonday: Closed Tuesday - Friday: 10: 30–18: 00 Saturday: 11: 00–15: 30 Sunday: Closed Copyright © Goldschmiede Gröninger 2019 Imprint Data protection Peace bracelet 750 yellow gold / 925 silver with ruby ​​and safir Close mandarin garnet 585 yellow gold / 925 silver with mandarin garnet Close leaf earrings silver / fine gold with opals Close frog prince 925 silver / gold plated Close dance on the volcano Fine gold / silver with carnelian, coral and brilliant Close lava coral pin 925 silver with lava, coral and pearl Close to the moon 750 yellow gold / fine silver with cognac brilliants Close The sea 585 yellow gold / white gold with aquamarine Close Forever 925 silver / 750 yellow gold hammered Close Eternity 585 / white gold and 585 / - yellow gold. Raw diamonds and yellow gold star with brilliant . Close stardust 925 / - silver and 585 / - yellow gold. Meteorite and diamonds set as a comet. Close Pure Elegance 925 / - Silver and 750 / - Yellow Gold Close Imprint responsible for the content: Heinrich Gröninger Am Markt 22 14542 Werder Telephone: 03327 668544 Fax: 03327 668545 E-Mail: heinrichgroeninger@t-online.de VAT no. : DE 171003967 Liability for links Our offer contains links to external websites of third parties, the content of which we have no influence on. For this reason, we cannot accept any liability for this external content. The respective provider or operator is always responsible for the content of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time the link was created. No illegal content was discernible at the time the link was created. A permanent control of the content of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of an infringement. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately. Close data protection This data protection declaration clarifies the type, scope and purpose of the processing of personal data (hereinafter referred to as "data") in the context of the provision of our services as well as within our online offer and the associated websites, functions and content as well as external online presences, such as our social media profile (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "online offer"). With regard to the terminology used, e.g. “Processing” or “responsible person”, we refer to the definitions in Art. 4 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Managing Director / Owner: Gröninger, Heinrich Am Markt 22 14542 Werder, Germany E-mail address: heinrichgroeninger@t-online.de Link to imprint: http://goldschmiede-groeninger.de/#Imprint Types of data processed (e.g., Personal master data, names or addresses). - Contact details (e.g., email, telephone numbers). - Content data (e.g. text entries, photographs, videos). - Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times). - Meta / communication data (e.g., device information, IP addresses). Categories of data subjects Visitors and users of the online offer (hereinafter we refer to the data subjects collectively as "users"). Purpose of processing - providing the online offer, its functions and content. - Answering contact requests and communicating with users. -	Safety measures. - Range measurement / marketing The terms used "personal data" are all information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter "data subject"); An identifiable person is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by assigning an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier (e.g. cookie) or one or more special features, expressing the physical, physiological, genetic, psychological, economic, cultural or social identity of this natural person. “Processing” is any process carried out with or without the help of automated processes or any such series of processes in connection with personal data. The term goes far and covers practically every handling of data. "Pseudonymization" means the processing of personal data in such a way that the personal data can no longer be assigned to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that this additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organizational measures that ensure that the personal data cannot be assigned to an identified or identifiable natural person. “Profiling” means any type of automated processing of personal data, which consists in the fact that this personal data is used to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular aspects relating to work performance, economic situation, health, personal Analyze or predict the preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or relocation of this natural person. The “person responsible” is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body that alone or together with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data. "Processor" means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body that processes personal data on behalf of the person responsible. Relevant legal basis In accordance with Art. 13 GDPR, we will inform you of the legal basis for our data processing. For users from the scope of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), i.e. of the EU and the EEC, unless the legal basis is stated in the data protection declaration, the following applies: The legal basis for obtaining consent is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a and Art. 7 GDPR; The legal basis for processing for the performance of our services and implementation of contractual measures as well as answering inquiries is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR; The legal basis for processing to fulfill our legal obligations is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. c GDPR; In the event that vital interests of the data subject or another natural person require the processing of personal data, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. d GDPR serves as the legal basis. The legal basis for the processing required to perform a task that is in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority that has been transferred to the person responsible is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. e GDPR. The legal basis for processing to protect our legitimate interests is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The processing of data for purposes other than those for which it was collected is determined in accordance with the provisions of Article 6 (4) GDPR. The processing of special categories of data (according to Art. 9 Para. 1 GDPR) is determined according to the stipulations of Art. 9 Para. 2 GDPR. We take appropriate technical and organizational measures in accordance with the legal requirements, taking into account the state of the art, the implementation costs and the type, scope, circumstances and purposes of processing, as well as the different probability and severity of the risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons to ensure a level of protection appropriate to the risk. The measures include, in particular, ensuring the confidentiality, integrity and availability of data by controlling the physical access to the data, as well as the access, input, transfer, securing availability and its separation. Furthermore, we have set up procedures that guarantee the exercise of data subject rights, deletion of data and reaction to data threats. We also take the protection of personal data into account when developing or selecting hardware, software and processes, in accordance with the principle of data protection through technology design and data protection-friendly default settings. Cooperation with processors, jointly responsible and third parties If we disclose data to other people and companies (processors, jointly responsible or third parties), transmit them to them or otherwise grant them access to the data, this is only based on legal permission (e.g. if a transfer of data to third parties, such as payment service providers, is required to fulfill the contract), users have consented, a legal obligation provides for this or based on our legitimate interests (e.g. when using agents, web hosts, etc.). If we disclose, transmit or otherwise grant data to other companies in our group of companies, this is done in particular for administrative purposes as a legitimate interest and also on a basis that complies with the legal requirements. Transfers to third countries If we process data in a third country (i.e. outside the European Union (EU), the European Economic Area (EEA) or the Swiss Confederation) or as part of the use of third-party services or disclosure or transmission of data to other people or company happens, this only happens if it happens to fulfill our (pre) contractual obligations, based on your consent, on the basis of a legal obligation or on the basis of our legitimate interests. Subject to express consent or contractually required transmission, we only process or leave the data in third countries with a recognized level of data protection, which include the US processors certified under the "Privacy Shield" or on the basis of special guarantees, such as Process contractual obligations through so-called standard protection clauses of the EU Commission, the presence of certifications or binding internal data protection regulations (Art. 44 to 49 GDPR, information page of the EU Commission). Rights of the data subjects You have the right to request confirmation as to whether relevant Data are processed and for information about this data as well as for further information and a copy of the data in accordance with the legal requirements. You have accordingly. the legal requirements the right to request the completion of the data concerning you or the correction of the incorrect data concerning you. In accordance with the legal requirements, you have the right to request that the data in question be deleted immediately or, alternatively, to request that the processing of the data be restricted in accordance with the legal requirements. You have the right to request that the data relating to you, which you have provided to us, be received in accordance with the legal requirements and to request their transmission to other responsible parties. You also have the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority in accordance with the legal requirements. Right of withdrawal You have the right to withdraw your consent with future effect. Right of objection You can object to the future processing of your data at any time in accordance with the legal requirements. The objection can in particular be made against processing for the purposes of direct advertising. Cookies and right to object to direct advertising As "cookies" are small files that are stored on users' computers. Different information can be stored within the cookies. A cookie is primarily used to store information about a user (or the device on which the cookie is stored) during or after their visit within an online offer. Temporary cookies, or “session cookies” or “transient cookies”, are cookies that are deleted after a user leaves an online offer and closes his browser. In such a cookie e.g. the content of a shopping cart in an online shop or a login status can be saved. Cookies are referred to as "permanent" or "persistent" and remain saved even after the browser is closed. For example, the login status is saved if the users visit it after several days. Such a cookie can also be used to store the interests of users who are used for range measurement or marketing purposes. A “third party cookie” refers to cookies that are offered by providers other than the person responsible for operating the online offer (otherwise, if they are only their cookies, we speak of “first party cookies”). We can use temporary and permanent cookies and clarify this in the context of our data protection declaration. If we ask the user for their consent to the use of cookies (e.g. in the context of a cookie consent), the legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a. GDPR. Otherwise, the personal cookies of the users are used in accordance with the following explanations in the context of this data protection declaration on the basis of our legitimate interests (ie interest in the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer within the meaning of Article 6 (1) lit. the use of cookies is necessary to provide our contract-related services, in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b. GDPR, or if the use of cookies is necessary for the performance of a task that is in the public interest or in the exercise of public authority, according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. e. GDPR, processed. If users do not want cookies to be stored on their computer, they are asked to deactivate the corresponding option in the system settings of their browser. Stored cookies can be deleted in the system settings of the browser. The exclusion of cookies can lead to functional restrictions of this online offer. A general objection to the use of cookies used for online marketing purposes can be found on a large number of services, especially in the case of tracking, via the US website http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or the EU website http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ be explained. Furthermore, cookies can be saved by switching them off in the browser settings. Please note that it may then not be possible to use all functions of this online offer. Deletion of data The data processed by us will be deleted in accordance with legal requirements or its processing may be restricted. Unless expressly stated in this data protection declaration, the data stored by us will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required for its intended purpose and there are no statutory retention requirements to prevent deletion. If the data is not deleted because it is required for other and legally permissible purposes, its processing will be restricted. I.e. the data will be blocked and not processed for other purposes. This applies e.g. For data that must be kept for commercial or tax reasons.Changes and updates to the data protection declaration We ask you to inform yourself regularly about the content of our data protection declaration. We will adapt the data protection declaration as soon as the changes in the data processing carried out by us make this necessary. We will inform you as soon as the changes require your participation (e.g. consent) or other individual notification.Hosting and e-mailing The hosting services used by us serve to provide the following services: infrastructure and platform services, Computing capacity, storage space and database services, e-mail dispatch, security services and technical maintenance services that we use for the purpose of operating this online offer. Here, we or our hosting provider process inventory data, contact data, content data, contract data, usage data, meta and communication data of customers, interested parties and visitors to this online offer based on our legitimate interests in the efficient and secure provision of this online offer in accordance with. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR in conjunction Art. 28 GDPR (conclusion of order processing contract). Collection of access data and log filesWe, or our hosting provider, collects on the basis of our legitimate interests within the meaning of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f. GDPR data about every access to the server on which this service is located (so-called server log files). The access data includes the name of the website accessed, file, date and time of access, amount of data transferred, notification of successful access, browser type and version, the user's operating system, referrer URL (the previously visited page), IP address and the requesting provider . For security reasons (e.g. to investigate misuse or fraud), log file information is stored for a maximum of 7 days and then deleted. Data, the further storage of which is necessary for evidence purposes, is excluded from deletion until the respective incident has been finally clarified.Online presence in social mediaWe maintain online presence within social networks and platforms in order to communicate with and communicate with the customers, interested parties and users active there to be able to inform our services. We would like to point out that data from users outside the European Union can be processed. This can result in risks for the user, because e.g. enforcing users' rights could be difficult. With regard to US providers who are certified under the Privacy Shield, we would like to point out that they are committed to complying with EU data protection standards. In addition, user data is usually processed for market research and advertising purposes. For example, usage profiles are created from the usage behavior and the resulting interests of the users. The usage profiles can in turn be used to e.g. Place advertisements inside and outside of the platforms that presumably correspond to the interests of the users. For these purposes, cookies are usually stored on the users' computers, in which the usage behavior and interests of the users are stored. Furthermore, data can be stored in the usage profiles regardless of the devices used by the users (especially if the users are members of the respective platforms and are logged in to them). The processing of users' personal data takes place on the basis of our legitimate interests in effective information for users and communication with users in accordance with. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR. If the users of the respective platform providers are asked for their consent to the data processing described above, the legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a., Art. 7 GDPR. For a detailed description of the respective processing and the possibilities of objection (opt-out), we refer to the information linked below by the provider. Also in the case of requests for information and the assertion of user rights, we would like to point out that these can be most effectively asserted by the providers. Only the providers have access to user data and can take appropriate measures and provide information directly. If you still need help, you can contact us. - Facebook, pages, groups, (Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbor, Dublin 2, Ireland) based on an agreement on joint processing of personal data - data protection declaration: https://www.facebook.com / about / privacy /, especially for pages: https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data, opt-out: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads and http: // www.youronlinechoices.com, Privacy Shield: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active. - Google / YouTube (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) - Data protection declaration: https://policies.google.com/privacy, opt-out: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated , Privacy Shield: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active. This always presupposes that the third-party providers of this content perceive the IP address of the user, since without the IP address they could not send the content to their browser. The IP address is therefore required to display this content. We strive to only use content whose respective providers only use the IP address to deliver the content. Third-party providers can also use so-called pixel tags (invisible graphics, also known as "web beacons") for statistical or marketing purposes. The "pixel tags" can be used to evaluate information such as visitor traffic on the pages of this website. The pseudonymous information can also be stored in cookies on the user's device and contain, among other things, technical information about the browser and operating system, referring websites, time of visit and other information on the use of our online offer, as well as be linked to such information from other sources integrate the fonts ("Google Fonts") from the provider Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. According to Google, the user data is used solely for the purpose of displaying the fonts in the user's browser. The integration takes place on the basis of our legitimate interests in a technically safe, maintenance-free and efficient use of fonts, their uniform representation and consideration of possible licensing restrictions for their integration. Data protection declaration: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.Google Maps We integrate the maps of the service “Google Maps” from the provider Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. The processed data can include, in particular, IP addresses and location data of the users, which, however, are not collected without their consent (usually carried out as part of the settings of their mobile devices). The data can be processed in the USA. Data protection declaration: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/, opt-out: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.Use of Facebook social plugins We use on the basis of our legitimate interests (i.e. interest in the analysis , Optimization and economic operation of our online offer within the meaning of Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR) social plugins ("plugins") of the social network facebook.com, which is operated by Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbor, Dublin 2, Ireland is operated ("Facebook"). For this, e.g. Contents such as images, videos or texts and buttons belong with which users can share the contents of this online offer within Facebook. The list and appearance of the Facebook social plugins can be viewed here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. Facebook is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus offers a guarantee to comply with European data protection law (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active). When a user calls up a function of this online offer that contains such a plugin, his device establishes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plug-in is transmitted from Facebook directly to the user's device, which integrates it into the online offer. User profiles of the users can be created from the processed data. We therefore have no influence on the scope of the data that Facebook collects with the help of this plugin and therefore informs the users according to our level of knowledge. By integrating the plugins, Facebook receives the information that a user has called up the corresponding page of the online offer. If the user is logged into Facebook, Facebook can assign the visit to their Facebook account. If users interact with the plugins, for example by pressing the Like button or leaving a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from your device directly to Facebook and stored there. If a user is not a member of Facebook, there is still the possibility that Facebook will find out and save his IP address. According to Facebook, only an anonymized IP address is saved in Germany. The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook as well as the related rights and setting options for protecting the privacy of users can be found in Facebook's data protection information: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ . If a user is a Facebook member and does not want Facebook to collect data about him via this online offer and link it to his member data stored on Facebook, he must log out of Facebook before using our online offer and delete his cookies. Further settings and contradictions regarding the use of data for advertising purposes are possible within the Facebook profile settings: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads or via the US website http://www.aboutads.info / choices / or the EU website http://www.youronlinechoices.com/. The settings are platform independent, i.e. they are adopted for all devices, such as desktop computers or mobile devices. Shut down