MINI - Change your cookies settings MINI.de ESI Path -> /apps/settings/wcm/designs/minidigital-white.clientlibinclude.categories__minidigital-white%3F%3Finit.mode__js.async__false.onload__.js ESI Path -> / apps / settings / wcm / designs / minidigital-white.clientlibinclude.categories__minidigital% 3F% 3Fcore.mode__css.async __. onload __. js ESI Path -> /apps/settings/wcm/designs/minidigital-white.clientlibinclude.categories__minidigital-white.mode__.onssloadasync .js ESI Path -> /apps/settings/wcm/designs/minidigital-white.clientlibinclude.categories__minidigital%3F%3Flegacy.mode__css.async__.onload__.js Your browser is not up to date and may not be compatible with our website . Please switch to another browser such as Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox. Please follow the link to install Chrome: Chrome. Please follow the link to install Firefox: Firefox Close MINI COOKIE GUIDELINES. What is a cookie? A cookie is a small file that saves internet settings. Almost every website uses cookie technology. It is downloaded from your internet browser the first time you visit a website. The next time you visit this website with the same device, the cookie and the information stored in it will either be sent back to the website that created it (first party cookie) or to another website to which it belongs (third party cookie). This means that the website recognizes that it has already been accessed with this browser and in some cases varies the content displayed. Some cookies are extremely useful because they can improve the user experience when you visit a website that you have visited several times. Provided that you use the same end device and the same browser as before, cookies remember e.g. B. to your preferences, how you use a page and adapt the displayed offers to your personal interests and needs. Depending on their function and purpose, cookies can be divided into four categories *: strictly necessary cookies, performance cookies, functional cookies and cookies for marketing purposes. Your cookie settings on this website. Cookies without consent on this website. Strictly necessary cookies guarantee functions without which you would not be able to use this website as intended. These cookies are used exclusively by MINI and are therefore so-called first party cookies. They are only saved on your device during the current browser session. Strictly necessary cookies ensure, for example, that when you call up the vehicle configurator, you are shown a version whose bandwidth-related data volume corresponds to that of your internet connection. If you change the website, such cookies ensure, for example, the change from http to https and thus compliance with increased security requirements for data transmission. Last but not least, such a cookie also saves your cookie setting for the use of our website. Your consent is not required for the use of strictly necessary cookies. Strictly necessary cookies cannot be deactivated via this page. However, you can deactivate cookies in your browser at any time. List of examples of cookies without consent: First Party Cookies Purpose Expiry Date Category * cc_consentCookie This absolutely necessary cookie stores the information that a user of the website has consented to the use of cookies. 365 days absolutely necessary cookies cc_cookiesComponentDisplayed This absolutely necessary cookie stores the information that a user of the website has consented to the use of cookies. 10 days Strictly necessary cookies cc_compare_model These cookies save country-specific or user-defined filter settings and help to save a vehicle model so that it can be compared with different vehicle models. SESSION Strictly necessary cookies cc_mymini_models This cookie saves and transfers the vehicle equipment and the name of the saved vehicle to carry out a vehicle comparison. Session Strictly Necessary Cookies cc_configured_model This cookie saves the configured vehicle properties. Session Strictly Necessary Cookies cc_ie_popup This cookie is necessary to ensure that the user is shown legally relevant information about the use of cookies on this website when visiting for the first time. Session Strictly Necessary Cookies When do we use cookies? If you give your consent - or based on our legitimate interest. Cookies, which according to the above definition are not absolutely necessary to use the website, also perform important tasks. Without these cookies, functions that enable comfortable surfing, such as pre-filled forms, will not be available to you. Settings made by you cannot be saved and must therefore be queried again on each page. We also have no way of responding to you with individual offers. MINI also integrates third party content on this website, e.g. B. YouTube videos. These third-party providers can theoretically set cookies while you are visiting the MINI website and thereby - for example - receive the information that you are currently on the MINI website. Please visit the third-party websites for more information on their use of cookies. If you have decided not to give your consent to the use of cookies requiring approval, to revoke them or to generally deactivate cookies, you will only be provided with the functions of our website based on our legitimate interest, the use of which we do without them Can guarantee cookies. In this case, areas of our website that potentially offer the technical possibility of integrating third-party content and setting third-party cookies are not available to you. You will be informed of this by a corresponding note. If you still want to use the content of the website, this is only possible with your consent to the use of cookies that require approval. To do this, please confirm the consent provided on our website. List with examples of cookies that require approval and cookies that we use based on our legitimate interest (you can deactivate these cookies at any time): Cookies Purpose Expiry date Category * cc_hmc_market_filters These cookies save country-specific or user-defined filter settings and help to save a vehicle model to use with it to be able to compare different vehicle models. 31 days functional cookies cc_country_preferences This cookie saves the country selection of the user. 31-day functional cookies cc_digital_eventAttributes This performance cookie stores individual actions that cannot be traced back to the user while using the website, such as clicking a button or closing a display mask. Session Performance Cookies cc_digital_openarea This cookie stores information that has been selected by the user together with the configuration of a vehicle. They are required for the creation of an offer for the purchase of the vehicle requested by the user. never Functional cookies cc_digital_profileCookie This performance cookie saves a non-personal ID for the duration of the internet session and thus enables the evaluation of the actions while using the website. Session performance cookies cc_digital_sessionCookie This ADOBE WEB ANALYTICS cookie is used to generally track events and user profiles between page visits and user sessions and to check whether cookies can be set. Session performance cookies cc_digital_testCookie This performance cookie saves the result of a test on the existing consent to cookies for the purposes of the subsequent website tracking. Session performance cookies cc_digital_userCookie This performance cookie enables the storage of a session ID that cannot be traced back to the user to assign successive actions of a user while visiting the website. 183 days performance cookies cc_favorite_model This cookie saves the favorite vehicle selected by the user. 31-day functional cookies cc_gcdmCampaignInfo This cookie stores information about when an advertising campaign carried out by us on another website is the basis for the current website visit. Session Marketing Cookies cc_hmc_user_selected_filters These cookies save country-specific or user-defined filter settings and help to save a vehicle model so that it can be compared with different vehicle models. 31-day functional cookies cc_last_visited_dealer These cookies are used to improve the user experience on the website and store information about which retailer selection was made by the website user so that they can be taken into account again when retailers are displayed. 31-day functional cookies cc_preferred_dealer This functional cookie does not save the user-preferred BMW dealer selected by the user on the website. In the case of subsequent requests for services, there is therefore no need for repeated selection. 31-day functional cookies demdex This cookie sets an anonymous but unique ID per user within the Adobe Audience Manager. 180 days cookies for marketing purposes dextp This cookie is set to document the time of the last data synchronization with the Adobe Audience Manager. 180 days of cookies for marketing purposes flashtalkingad1 Through tracking, contacts that users have with advertisements on other websites (visual contacts and clicks on advertising banners) are related to subsequent interactions on our website. The data collected is statistically evaluated in order to optimize the performance of the media campaigns. All usage data collected is saved using a pseudonym. The data collected is not used to personally identify visitors to our website and is not combined with personal data about the bearer of the pseudonym. 2 years cookies for marketing purposes gcdm-preferredDealer This cookie supports the functionality of the display of website content on the basis of the previously selected and preferred dealer. never Functional cookies md-mm-compare-bookmark This cookie supports website behavior in line with user expectations by showing previously opened tabs again when the user returns after changing pages. never Functional cookies minidtm_perf Recording of page loading speeds (subdivision into network, server, browser) incl. URL to control performance optimization measures. 30 minutes per page, cookie is set on every page. Cookies for marketing purposes psyma_participation This functional cookie serves to avoid double invitations to the user survey (Psyma) when visiting this website multiple times. 30 days functional cookies s_invisit The getVisitNum plug-in records how many visits a user had on the page and records this number as an analytics variable. 1 day cookies for marketing purposes s_lv This cookie provides anonymized website usage data to record the visits and at the time of the last visit of a user. 3 years cookies for marketing purposes s_lv_s Shows the number of days since the last visit of the user. 3 years cookies for marketing purposes UserID1 The NE.RO cookie (UserID1) is written on the domain adition.com when the user first contacts the user, identifies the browser clearly via a cookie ID and serves to help the user after the visit to address the website bmw.de again with MINI's online advertising based on its interest shown on the website. 180 days cookies for marketing purposes virtualCookie This functional cookie guarantees the display of the dealer search function on the website when requested by the user. 365 days functional cookies id, uuid, uuid230 The 'id', 'uuid', and 'uuid230' cookies are used by BMW AG to provide information on whether a form (e.g. to request test drives) has been sent to this website, capture. Session cookies for marketing purposes * categories: Depending on their function and purpose, cookies can be divided into four categories *: strictly necessary cookies, performance cookies, functional cookies and cookies for marketing purposes. Strictly necessary cookies. Strictly necessary Cookies are required so that you can move around a website and use its properties. Without these cookies, certain functionalities cannot be guaranteed, e.g. For example, actions performed during a visit (such as text entry or vehicle configuration) are saved, even if you navigate between individual pages on the website. Functional cookies. Functional cookies enable a website to save information that has already been provided (e.g. selection of special equipment for a configuration) and to offer the user improved, more personal functions. Functional cookies are also used to enable special functions such as playing videos. These cookies collect anonymized information and cannot track your movements on other websites. Performance cookies. Performance cookies collect information about how a website is used - such as which pages a visitor visits most frequently and whether he receives error messages from a page. These cookies do not store any information that allows the user to be identified. The information collected is aggregated and thus evaluated anonymously. These cookies are only used to improve the performance of a website and thus the user experience. Marketing cookies. Marketing cookies are used to display advertisements that are relevant to the user and tailored to his interests. They are also used to limit the number of times an ad appears and to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. You register whether you have visited a website or not. This information can be shared with third parties, e.g. B. advertisers. Cookies to improve targeting and advertising are often linked to third-party page functions. Use of cookies on www.mini.de. Like most websites you visit, www.mini.de also uses cookies to improve the user experience for both one-time and repeated visits to the website. This allows you to e.g. For example, you can switch between pages quickly and easily, save your configurations and use the services of Google Maps. Cookies are set either by our website (first party cookies) or by other websites whose content appears on our website (third party cookies). These third-party providers can set cookies if you are logged in to their pages and visit our website. BMW AG has no influence on the cookie settings of these websites. Please visit the third-party websites for more information on their use of cookies. Performance cookies: user tracking. Our website uses Adobe technology to collect information about how users interact with the website and its content. These performance cookies are set on the basis of our legitimate interest when you visit the website for the first time, in order to better understand the user behavior of our website visitors and to further develop and modify the website. You can deactivate these cookies at any time via the footer area of ​​the website or your browser options. BMW AG uses the information obtained to ensure that the website creates added value for its visitors, for example through content adapted to your personal needs. When using Adobe, the data is collected anonymously using Adobe Analytics and Adobe Dynamic Tag Management and anonymously processed and stored in Adobe data centers in Europe. If you would like to completely object to data collection by Adobe, you can do this using the button above or carry out the opt-out process on the Adobe website and declare your objection there: http://www.adobe.com/de/privacy /opt-out.html If you want a complete opt-out of Adobe performance cookies, you can also do so using the button above. If you delete all your cookies, it is necessary to carry out the opt-out process again, especially for Adobe performance cookies, since in this case the opt-out function you selected is no longer saved. This also applies if you visit this website from other devices. If your security settings are too high and the cookie is blocked, we cannot process your opt-out request. In this case you will be advised of this and should repeat the opt-out process with lower security settings. User tracking on websites outside of MINI. NERO Tracking anonymously collects and processes your usage behavior on websites operated by MINI and on websites outside of MINI using third party cookies. As a user, you benefit by receiving advertising that is more relevant to your areas of interest, and by showing you less random advertising. All usage data collected is saved using a pseudonym so that personal identification is excluded. The IP address of your computer transmitted for technical reasons is not saved and is not used for the controlled display of advertising. This tracking service is currently active. If you no longer wish to use this service, simply click on the button above or use the opt-out process on the mediascale website to explain your objection: http://www.mediascale.de/datenschutz/ Facebook Remarketing ( Facebook Pixel) We use the remarketing function "Facebook Custom Audience via your website" on our website, a tool of Facebook Inc. (1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA; "Facebook"). The purpose of "Facebook Custom Audience via MINI.de" is to reach Facebook users who have previously visited MINI.de in order to address them on Facebook with appropriate information about our goods and services and possibly also to attract new people find that resemble our website visitors. For example, this can result in you being addressed on Facebook with MINI Germany advertising material after you have visited MINI.de. For this purpose, a Facebook pixel was implemented on our website. When you visit our website, this Facebook pixel transfers information to a 3rd party Facebook cookie on your computer and from there a connection to the Facebook servers is established. In this sense, no direct connection is made from the Facebook pixel of the MINI.de website to Facebook. However, the data collected is passed on to Facebook indirectly via the Facebook cookie on your computer. Facebook and MINI Germany are responsible for this data processing. The 3rd party Facebook cookie set by Facebook on your computer is neither visible nor changeable for MINI Germany. Technical HTTP header data. Information on the web browser, page storage location, document, URL reference and user agent of the web browser as well as the IP address (which according to Facebook in Germany can only be evaluated at the general country level). Pixel-specific data. Pixel ID and Facebook cookie data, as well as information about which pages you have accessed and whether you have created a test drive request or a configuration. Details of the content of your request or the configured vehicle, such as, example the value, are not shared with Facebook. Processing of the collected data. Facebook ranks the above Information to your personal Facebook user account, MINI Germany does not store and process this information. Recognition is possible across websites and, under certain circumstances, across devices through Facebook (but not through MINI Germany), if Facebook e.g. can assign different devices. You can only be recognized by MINI Germany indirectly, as MINI Germany can anonymously address you as a Facebook user on Facebook. This assignment is largely made possible by the Facebook cookie. According to Facebook, the information sent by the Facebook pixel to Facebook is currently stored for 180 days and then encrypted and anonymized. MINI Germany has no influence on this procedure. Further information from Facebook about the collection, processing and use of your data by Facebook can be found at https://de-de.facebook.com/business/help/449542958510885/?helpref=hc_fnav and https: // www .facebook.com / about / privacy /. We cannot take responsibility for the information from Facebook. The following objection options are available to prevent data exchange: OPT-OUT method Facebook Pixel. You can prevent the future collection of data by the Facebook Pixel on MINI.de by clicking on the "BLOCK" button below. Remove 3rd Party Facebook Cookie from your computer. On the following pages, you will find instructions on how to remove the Facebook cookie from your computer: https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/ Google Adwords Conversion Tracking (google conversion pixel) We use our advertising measures the offer from Google Adwords to display our offers on external websites with the help of advertising materials (so-called Google Ads). In this context, we also use "Google Adwords Conversion Tracking" (analysis service from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) to determine the efficiency of our advertising measures. In addition, we are given the opportunity to evaluate whether we are showing you advertising that is of interest to you or not. We would like to minimize the display of irrelevant advertising based on statistical calculations for you with the greatest possible probability - without having to personally identify and address you. Data acquisition and processing Your click on an advertisement placed by Google places a temporary Google cookie on your computer. We need this cookie to save in the form of an anonymous "Click ID" which advertising material you clicked on which website. This cookie has a limited validity, does not contain any personal data (except HTTP header data, see below) and is not used to identify you or your computer / browser. By clicking on an Adwords advertising medium, you will also be forwarded to MINI.de, where you can either consent to data collection or reject it (cookie opt-in or opt-out). In the event of a rejection, we will not collect any data from you. In the event of your consent, we read the "Click ID" from the temporary cookie and supplement it with anonymous information as to whether you have carried out certain activities on MINI.de, such as whether you have submitted a form or configured a vehicle. You are not recorded and counted individually as a person, but as an anonymous value. As MINI Germany, we receive this anonymized count afterwards in order to be able to assess whether an advertising medium has led to a desired number of certain, previously defined activities and is therefore to be assessed as economic for us. From this information, we can then derive how the display of our ads can be optimized so as not to target you with irrelevant advertising. You are not recorded and counted as a person, but rather the number of MINI.de views from individual advertisements is counted as a total, without tracing individual people and without connections to multiple clicks or visits. Thanks to Google Conversion Tracking, MINI Germany is not able to create a user profile of you or to assign this data to your person. For MINI Germany, this is a purely statistical evaluation to optimize the advertisements placed. Whether information about your profile or a Google account can also be assigned by Google Inc. depends on your data protection settings made by Google or the Google services you use. Pixel-specific data. The following information is recorded as part of Google Conversion Tracking: 1. The Click ID as clear information about which Google Adwords advertising material you clicked on which website. 2. Events you have carried out without personal reference: a. Request a test drive b. Request a quote c. Request information material d. Save configuration e. Purchase made Technical HTTP header data. The HTTP header is part of a message that sends data via the HTTP protocol from a server (on which MINI.de is hosted) to a web browser (on your end device). A protocol consists of a series of information about the structure of a message, the sender, the recipient, the coding and the connection establishment. These are transmitted via the header. After the connection has been established between the client (your computer) and the server, the client sends a request, which the server answers (response). The requested file is only sent and visible in the browser when the parameters for establishing the connection have been adjusted. The HTTP header is therefore composed of the information that is sent in the case of a request and a response, whereby depending on the request, different methods (GET, POST, PUT) are available and, depending on the method, certain information is sent to clarify whether and how data can be exchanged between client and server. In this case, this data exchange contains the following information: information on the web browser, page storage location, document, URL reference and user agent of the web browser as well as the IP address (which according to Google in Germany can only be evaluated at the general country level). Data processing at Google Google can If necessary, assign information to your personal Google user account, MINI Germany does not save or process this information and does not receive any personal data from Google. For our purposes, they are recorded in anonymous statistics and the effects relevant to us are then statistically calculated (interpolated). Recognition is possible across websites and, under certain circumstances, across devices through Google (but not through MINI Germany), if Google e.g. can assign different devices. You are not recognizable for MINI Germany, since your activities are counted without personal reference or browser or device reference. Further information from Google about the collection, processing and use of your data by Google can be found at http://www.myaccount.google.com MINI Germany cannot assume any responsibility for the information on data collection and processing by Google. Opposition options on MINI.de If you have not yet entered a permission status on MINI.de, you will be advised of the option to accept cookies or reject cookies. Your decision is saved in a necessary cookie in the browser used for this. You can change this setting at any time on this page. Opposition options You have the right to object to this data storage and processing of your personal data at any time. You can prevent the storage of cookies by selecting the appropriate technical settings in your browser software. You can also deactivate personalized advertising in the Google advertising settings. Instructions for this can be found at https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=de You can also deactivate the use of cookies by third parties by visiting the deactivation page of the Network Advertising Initiative and Implement the additional information on opt-out mentioned there: https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ Further information and Google's data protection declaration can be found at: https://www.google.de/policies/privacy/ Manage cookies and delete. With the button below, we offer you the option of conveniently rejecting or agreeing to cookies that require consent. You can also block and delete cookies by changing your browser settings. Most browsers allow you to manage cookies by accepting or rejecting all cookies or only accepting certain types of cookies. The procedures for managing and deleting cookies can be found in the help function integrated in the browser. If you restrict the use of cookies, you cannot use all interactive functions of our website. Please note that if the cookies are deleted in this browser, the opt-out cookie will also be deleted and that you Click the link again if you want to continue to object to the entry. Sofern Sie das Opt-Out-Verfahren aktivieren werden keine weiteren Daten gesammelt und keine Informationen an 3rd Parties übergeben. Ihre Cookie Zustimmung Zugestimmt Nicht zugestimmt Nicht eingestellt Zustimmen Blockieren MINI.Digital Version Info Master-Release20.202004.0.5 Midi Complete Package Business Complete Package WCMP Core release H5VCO Base Url H5VCO Base Url V3 H5VCO Asset Ucp Import Urlhttps://h5vco.mini.de/UCPServices Finance Endpoint/h5vco ESI Path--> /apps/settings/wcm/designs/minidigital-white.clientlibinclude.categories__minidigital-white.mode__js.async__false.onload__.js ESI Path--> /apps/settings/wcm/designs/minidigital-white.clientlibinclude.categories__minidigital-white%3F%3Flatinacc.mode__css.async__.onload__.js