Data protection notice ESI Path -> /apps/settings/wcm/designs/minidigital-white.clientlibinclude.categories__minidigital-white%3F%3Finit.mode__js.async__false.onload__.js ESI Path -> / apps / settings / wcm / designs / minidigital-white.clientlibinclude.categories__minidigital% 3F% 3Fcore.mode__css.async __. onload __. js ESI Path -> /apps/settings/wcm/designs/minidigital-white.clientlibinclude.categories__minidigital-white.mode__css.asynj__.onload.async__.onload ESI Path -> /apps/settings/wcm/designs/minidigital-white.clientlibinclude.categories__minidigital%3F%3Flegacy.mode__css.async__.onload__.js Your browser is not up to date and may not be compatible with our website. Please switch to another browser such as Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox. Please follow the link to install Chrome: Chrome. Please follow the link to install Firefox: Firefox Close Close Search term Search Delete Navigation Navigation Sub navigation closed Close Order brochure Service PRIVACY POLICY BMW Autohaus Michael Schmidt GmbH. The high demands you place on MINI products and services as well as customer support from us as a MINI partner is the guideline for us when it comes to handling your data. Our aim is to create and maintain the basis for a trusting business relationship with our customers and prospects. The confidentiality and integrity of your personal data is of particular concern to us. We will therefore process and use your data carefully, for the intended purpose or in accordance with your consent and in accordance with the statutory provisions on data protection. This data protection notice describes in the following sections how we, the Autohaus Michael Schmidt GmbH as a MINI partner, collect, process and use personal data from customers and interested parties. Who is the responsible body for data processing operations? Autohaus Michael Schmidt GmbH (hereinafter referred to as "Autohaus" or "MINI Partner"), Leutstettenerstraße 26, 82319 Starnberg, is responsible within the meaning of the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") for the processing of your personal data. The Michael Schmidt dealership is based in Starnberg. As a MINI dealer, we are an authorized MINI partner and a legally and economically independent company and not part of BMW AG. As licensees, we use the MINI brand for the distribution of MINI automobiles, original MINI parts and accessories as well as for brand-related maintenance and repairs. We are responsible for your data, which we collect and process through this website, through your contacts with us in the dealership and in the context of customer service as well as in the context of our direct marketing measures. We also process your data, provided that this is provided to us by BMW AG, if and insofar as the necessary data protection requirements are met. Information on data processing by BMW AG can be found online in the data protection information from MINI Germany. Our contact details are: Autohaus Michael Schmidt GmbH Leutstettenerstraße 26 82319 Starnberg Phone: +49 8171 41869 171 Email: info@bmw-schmidt.com We have appointed a data protection officer for our company. Dr. Sebastian Kraska Marienplatz 2, 80331 Munich Phone: +49 89 18917360 Email: info@iitr.de When do we collect and process personal data? We collect and process your personal data in the following cases, among others: - If you contact us directly, e.g. B. via this website, or in a car dealership. - If you buy products directly from us (e.g. vehicles or parts and accessories). - If you buy services directly from us (e.g. for maintenance or repair of your vehicle). - If you request information about our products and services (e.g. sending brochures or price lists). - If you respond to our direct marketing activities, e.g. For example, if you fill out a reply or competition card or if you submit your data online on this website. - If BMW AG or MINI Germany lawfully provides us with data about you, if and insofar as the necessary data protection requirements are met. - When third parties provide us with personal data about you. Please help us to keep your information up-to-date by informing us of changes to your personal data - especially your contact details. What data can be collected about you? The following categories of personal data can be collected via the numerous services and contact channels described in this data protection notice: - Contact details ► Name, address, telephone number, email address. - Interests ► Information you provide about your areas of interest, e.g. B. the vehicles you are interested in, hobbies and other personal preferences. - Other personal data ► Information you provide on the date of birth, education, household size or professional situation. - Contract data ► Customer number, contract number. - Use of websites and communication ► Information about how you use the website and whether you open or forward messages from us, including data collected via cookies and other tracking technologies. You can find more information on this in our cookie guidelines. - Transaction and interaction data ► Information on purchases of products and services from our dealership Interactions with us (your inquiries and complaints) and participation in our market research studies. - Credit and identity information ► Data to determine your identity, e.g. B. Driving licenses or registration certificate part 1; also information about transactions, any payments not made to us; Information on cases of fraud, criminal acts, suspicious transactions, politically exposed persons and sanction lists, which contain your data. - Information on vehicle functions and settings ► Information on the functions and current settings of your vehicle (identified by the vehicle identification number), e.g. B. MINI TeleServices if you have saved us in the system as the desired MINI partner. - Technical data on the vehicle ► Data that are generated or processed in the vehicle. Operating data in the vehicle Control units process data to operate the vehicle. This includes, for example: - Vehicle status information (e.g. speed, deceleration, lateral acceleration, number of wheel revolutions, display of closed seat belts), - Ambient conditions (e.g. temperature, rain sensor, distance sensor). As a rule, this data is volatile and is not saved beyond the operating time and is only processed in the vehicle itself. Control units often contain data storage (including the vehicle key). These are used in order to be able to temporarily or permanently document information about vehicle condition, component stress, maintenance requirements as well as technical events and errors. Depending on the technical equipment, the following are saved: - Operating states of system components (e.g. fill levels, tire pressure, battery status), - Faults and defects in important system components (e.g. lights, brakes), - System reactions in special driving situations (e.g. B. deployment of an airbag, deployment of the stability control systems), - information on vehicle-damaging events, - state of charge of the high-voltage battery in electric vehicles, estimated range. In special cases (e.g. if the vehicle has identified a malfunction) it may be necessary to save data that would actually only be volatile. If you make use of services (e.g. repair services, maintenance work), the stored operating data can be read out and used together with the vehicle identification number, if necessary. Our employees or third parties (e.g. breakdown services) can read them out of the vehicle. The same applies to warranty cases and quality assurance measures. The readout is usually carried out via the legally prescribed connection for OBD ("on-board diagnosis") in the vehicle. The operating data read out document the technical conditions of the vehicle or individual components, help with fault diagnosis, compliance with warranty obligations and quality improvement. This data, in particular information about component stress, technical events, incorrect operation and other errors, may be transmitted to BMW AG together with the vehicle identification number. BMW AG is also subject to product liability. BMW AG also uses operating data from vehicles for this purpose, for example for product recalls. This data can also be used to check the customer's claims for warranty and rectification. Fault memories in the vehicle can be reset as part of repair or service work or at your request by a service company. Further information on the processing of data in the vehicle can be found in the operating instructions for your vehicle or here in the data protection information of BMW AG. Data on the location of the vehicle ► Information on the location of your vehicle or your mobile device. We may receive data on the location of the vehicle to a limited extent, insofar as this is necessary for the purpose of fulfilling the contract (e.g. as part of the breakdown assistance provided by BMW Mobilen Service). For what purposes is your data processed? The data collected in connection with the conclusion of contracts or the provision of our services are processed for the purposes mentioned below. Here is an explanation of the legal basis for the processing of personal data: We only process your data if an applicable legal regulation allows it. We will process your data in particular on the basis of Art. 6 and Art. 9 GDPR and on the basis of consent according to Art. 7 GDPR. We will base the processing of your data on the following legal bases, among others. Please note that this is not a complete or exhaustive list of the legal bases, but these are only examples that are intended to make the legal bases more transparent. - Consent (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a), Art. 7 GDPR, or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a), Art. 7 GDPR): We will only process certain data on the basis of your previously given express and voluntary consent. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time with future effect. - Fulfillment of a contract / pre-contractual measures (Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. b) GDPR): To initiate or execute your contract with us, we need access to certain data. - Fulfillment of a legal obligation (Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. c) GDPR): We are subject to a number of legal requirements. In order to meet these requirements, we have to process certain data. - Protection of legitimate interests (Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f) GDPR): We will process certain data to protect our or the interests of third parties. However, this only applies if your interests do not predominate in individual cases. A. Fulfillment of the contractual obligation in the context of sales, maintenance and repair of vehicles (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b) GDPR) We collect, process and use personal data in the course of the sales processes or for maintenance or repairs with us in the dealership. As part of the sales process, we use personal data to process the purchase contract, to carry out test drives and to transmit information in connection with your vehicle purchase. The following data categories are processed as part of these activities: - Contact details (last name, first name, address, email address etc.) - If necessary Bank details We use your personal data to address i. As a rule, the processing of the contract (e.g. vehicle order, workshop / repair order) or for processing a request formulated by you (e.g. request for an offer or a test drive). We speak to you about all aspects of contract processing or the handling of a matter without separate consent, e.g. B. in writing, by phone, via messenger services, by email, depending on which contact details you have provided. As part of the maintenance and repair processes and services at our company, technical vehicle data relevant to vehicle service is read from the built-in electronic control units using special diagnostic devices. This data is processed and used in the workshop by trained technicians to diagnose and remedy any malfunctions. These technical data on the vehicle essentially consist of - vehicle master data (e.g. vehicle identification number, vehicle type, production date, vehicle equipment), - vehicle status data (measured values ​​such as mileage), - fault memory entries (e.g. malfunction of direction indicator) , - load collectives, - software versions and - service and workshop data (e.g. service requirements, work performed, installed spare parts, warranty cases, workshop reports). The above information can be accessed by BMW AG to support us with technical or other challenges in our performance. The technical vehicle data is deleted at the end of the vehicle's life cycle. In addition, we may receive data on the location of the vehicle to a limited extent, insofar as this is necessary for the purpose of fulfilling the contract (e.g. as part of the breakdown assistance provided by BMW Mobilen Service). We use the data exclusively for the purpose of fulfilling the contract. B. Fulfillment of our sales, service and administrative processes in cooperation with BMW AG (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a, b, f) GDPR) For the fulfillment of sales, service and administrative processes there is a transfer of data to BMW AG required. This is the case if we transmit data - for checking warranty / goodwill cases - for processing vehicle orders and services - for questions about specific repairs - for marketing campaigns or market research - for processing contractual agreements between us and BMW AG - to safeguard the Product liability and product monitoring for possible product recalls - for product and quality improvement Depending on the relevant legal basis, the following data categories are transmitted for these processes: - Contact data - Identification data - Vehicle master data - Vehicle status data - Error memory entries - Service and workshop data C. Customer support (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.b, f) GDPR) We use your personal data to address i. R. the contract processing see above (e.g. vehicle order, workshop / repair order) or for processing a request you have formulated (e.g. requests for quotes, test drives, inquiries and complaints). We speak to you about all aspects of contract processing or the handling of a matter without separate consent, e.g. B. in writing, by phone, via messenger services, by email, depending on which contact details you have provided. We will also contact you if your vehicle is affected by a so-called technical action or a recall. Since technical actions are usually very important measures (e.g. avoiding hazards to occupants, avoiding damage to the vehicle), we will contact you or BMW AG using the contact details you provided. We also process your personal data on this basis in order to further optimize your experience with us. B. to be clearly identified when you contact us. D. Advertising communication and market research based on consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) GDPR) If you have separately given your consent to further use of your personal data, your personal data may be used to the extent described in the consent, for example used for advertising purposes (selected offers for products and services) and / or market research and, if necessary, to certain affiliated companies of the BMW car dealer Michael Schmidt as well as BMW AG (Bayerische Motoren Werke Aktiengesellschaft, Petuelring 130, 80788 Munich) and BMW M GmbH (Daimlerstr 19, 85748 Garching-Hochbrück). Details can be found in the respective declaration of consent, which you can revoke at any time. If you have given the appropriate consent to advertising communication, we collect and process: Contact information, e.g. B. Name, address, email, telephone number Additional personal information / preferences, e.g. B. - Company name, your relationship with this company if you are using a business vehicle or are our contact person for this company - A possible time when you need a new vehicle and your interest in MINI vehicles and services as well as your requests for information and test drives etc. - Vehicle identification number and other attributes associated with this - Interests and hobbies - Status of your data protection declaration of consent and selected or preferred communication channel identification data, e.g. B. customer number, contract number customer history, e.g. B. - Vehicle purchase data including model, configurations, purchase date, registration date, registration number, order date, delivery date, owner, list price - Service order data including the scope of the activities carried out and installed spare parts - Campaign history and response to direct marketing measures - Participation in events - Inquiry and complaint history In In the data protection declaration of consent, you also determine the communication channels (e.g. post, telephone, email) on which we may address you. Data processing for advertising purposes is usually carried out in Germany, there is no transfer of personal data to a country outside the EU. E. Fulfillment of legal obligations to which we are subject (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. c, f) GDPR) We will also process personal data if there is a legal obligation to do so. Data collected are also processed to ensure the operation of IT systems. Ensuring u. a. understood the following activities: - backup and recovery of data processed in IT systems, - logging and monitoring of transactions to check correct functioning of the IT systems, - detection and defense against unauthorized access to personal data, - incident and problem management to remedy Disruptions in IT systems. We are subject to a variety of other legal obligations. In order to meet these obligations, we process your data to the extent necessary and pass it on to the responsible authorities as required by law. Furthermore, we may process your data in the event of a legal dispute if the legal dispute makes it necessary to process your data. F. Data transmission to selected third parties forwarded to the following companies if and insofar as the necessary data protection requirements are met: - To BMW AG, e.g. B. to update your address and your vehicle, if and insofar as the necessary data protection requirements are met and you have not objected to the use of your data for the purpose of written address with knowledge of a right to object, as well as contact details and personal data (e.g. date of birth , Driving license class, hobbies and interests), if your consent for advertising purposes allows this, or vehicle data that is used by BMW AG in particular for the purpose of product monitoring and development. - To carefully selected and verified service providers and business partners with whom we work to offer you products and services. We only do this in the context of the strict requirements for data processing on behalf or based on your express consent. - To other third parties (e.g. public bodies) insofar as we are legally obliged to do so. Exemplary declaration of consent How do we protect your personal data? We use various security measures such as state-of-the-art encryption and authentication tools to protect and maintain the security, integrity and availability of your data. A 100% protection against unauthorized access cannot be guaranteed for data transfers via the Internet or a website, but we and our service providers and business partners make every effort to ensure that your personal data are met in accordance with the applicable data protection regulations through physical, electronic and procedural security measures to protect the current state of the art. Among other things, we use the following measures: - Strict criteria for authorization to access your data according to the "need-to-know principle" (limitation to as few people as possible) and exclusively for the stated purpose, - Passing on of data collected exclusively in encrypted form, - storage of confidential data, e.g. B. Credit card data only in encrypted form, - Firewall protection of IT systems to protect against unauthorized access, e.g. B. by hackers and - permanent monitoring of access to IT systems to detect and prevent misuse of personal data. How long do we keep your data? We will only keep your data for as long as is necessary for the respective purposes for which we process your data. If we process data for multiple purposes, it will be automatically deleted or saved in a format that does not allow any direct conclusions to be drawn about you as soon as the last specific purpose has been fulfilled. We have a deletion concept to ensure that all your data is deleted in accordance with the principle of data minimization. The basic principles according to which this deletion concept provides for the deletion of your personal data are outlined below. - Use for the fulfillment of a contract For the fulfillment of contractual obligations, data collected from you can be kept for as long as the contract is in force, and depending on the nature and scope of the contract, 10 years beyond that, in order to comply with the legal retention requirements and for any Clarify inquiries or claims after the contract expires. In addition, there are contracts for the delivery of products and services that require longer retention periods, see also below "Use for checking claims". - Use for the examination of claims Data that we consider to be necessary to examine, to ward off claims against us or to initiate criminal prosecution against you, us or third parties or to raise claims can be kept by us for as long as one appropriate procedure could be initiated. - Use for customer care and for marketing purposes For customer care and for marketing purposes, the data you collect can be stored 10 years after the collection, unless you request the deletion of this data and there are no contractual or legal retention obligations that conflict with this request for deletion. Who do we give international access to your data and how do we protect it? We are a company operating in Germany. Personal data is processed by us and our affiliated companies as well as service providers commissioned by us, preferably in Germany or within the EU. If data is processed in countries outside the EU, we ensure through EU standard contracts, including suitable technical and organizational measures, that your personal data are processed in accordance with the European level of data protection. For some countries outside the EU, such as For example, Canada and Switzerland, the EU has already established a comparable level of data protection. Due to the comparable level of data protection, data transfer to these countries does not require any special approval or agreement. Please contact us if you would like to see the specific protective measures for the transfer of your data to other countries: BMW Autohaus Michael Schmidt GmbH Leutstettenerstraße 26 82319 Starnberg +49 8171 41869 171 info @ bmw-schmidt-com We have one for our company Data protection officer appointed. Dr. Sebastian Kraska Marienplatz 2, 80331 Munich Telephone: +49 89 18917360 E-Mail: info@iitr.de If we use service providers to support the provision of the listed services and uses, we ensure that they meet one of the strict requirements data protection law data processing on our behalf. Contact us, your data protection rights and your right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority. If you have any questions about how we use your personal data, please send an email to info@bmw-schmidt.com or call +49 8171 41869 1717 (daily 9 a.m. - 4 p.m.). If you have any questions about the use of your personal data, please send an email to info@bmw-schmidt.com or call +49 8171 41869 171 (daily 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.). As a person affected by the processing of your data, you can assert certain rights with us in accordance with the GDPR and other relevant data protection regulations. The following section contains explanations about your rights as a data subject under the GDPR. Depending on the type and scope of your request, we will ask you to send it to us in writing. Rights of data subjects According to the GDPR, you have the following rights vis-à-vis us as a data subject: Right to information (Art. 15 GDPR): You can request information from us at any time about your data that we hold about you. This information concerns, among other things, the data categories processed by us, for what purposes we process them, the origin of the data if we did not collect it directly from you and, if applicable, the recipients to whom we have transmitted your data. You can get a free copy of your data from us. If you are interested in additional copies, we reserve the right to charge you for the additional copies. Right to correction (Art. 16 GDPR): You can ask us to correct your data. We will take reasonable steps to keep your information that we hold and process about you accurate, complete and current, based on the most current information available to us. Right to deletion (Art. 17 GDPR): You can ask us to delete your data, provided the legal requirements are met. According to Art. 17 GDPR, this may be the case if - the data is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed; - you withdraw your consent, which is the basis of the data processing, and there is no other legal basis for the processing; - you object to the processing of your data and there are no overriding legitimate reasons for the processing, or you object to the data processing for direct marketing purposes; - the data has been processed unlawfully; - the processing is not necessary to ensure compliance with a legal obligation that requires us to process your data, - in particular with regard to statutory retention periods; - to assert, exercise or defend legal claims. Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR): You can ask us to restrict the processing of your data if - you contest the accuracy of the data for the period that we need to check the accuracy of the data; - the processing is unlawful and you reject the deletion of your data and instead request the restriction of use; - we no longer need your data, but you need it to assert, exercise or defend legal claims; -      Sie Widerspruch gegen die Verarbeitung eingelegt haben, solange noch nicht feststeht, ob unsere berechtigten Gründe Ihre überwiegen. Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit (Art. 20 DSGVO): Auf Ihren Antrag hin werden wir Ihre Daten – soweit dies technisch möglich ist – an einen anderen Verantwortlichen übertragen. Dieses Recht steht Ihnen allerdings nur zu, sofern die Datenverarbeitung auf Ihrer Einwilligung beruht oder erforderlich ist, um einen Vertrag durchzuführen. Anstatt eine Kopie Ihrer Daten zu erhalten, können Sie uns auch bitten, dass wir die Daten direkt an einen anderen, von Ihnen konkretisierten Verantwortlichen übermitteln. Recht auf Widerspruch (Art. 21 DSGVO): Sie können der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten aus Gründen jederzeit widersprechen, die sich aus Ihrer besonderen Situation ergeben, sofern die Datenverarbeitung auf Ihrer Einwilligung oder auf unseren berechtigten Interessen oder denen eines Dritten beruht. In diesem Fall werden wir Ihre Daten nicht länger verarbeiten. Letzteres gilt nicht, sofern wir zwingende schutzwürdige Gründe für die Verarbeitung nachweisen können, die Ihre Interessen überwiegen oder wir Ihre Daten zur Geltendmachung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen benötigen. Fristen zur Erfüllung von Betroffenenrechten Wir bemühen uns grundsätzlich, allen Anfragen innerhalb von 30 Tagen nachzukommen. Diese Frist kann sich jedoch aus Gründen gegebenenfalls verlängern, die sich auf das spezifische Betroffenenrecht oder die Komplexität Ihrer Anfrage beziehen. Auskunftsbeschränkung bei der Erfüllung von Betroffenenrechten In bestimmten Situationen können wir Ihnen aufgrund gesetzlicher Vorgaben möglicherweise keine Auskunft über sämtliche Ihrer Daten erteilen. Falls wir Ihren Auskunftsantrag in einem solchen Fall ablehnen müssen, werden wir Sie zugleich über die Gründe der Ablehnung informieren. Beschwerde bei Aufsichtsbehörden Wir nehmen Ihre Bedenken und Rechte sehr ernst. Sollten Sie aber der Ansicht sein, dass wir Ihren Beschwerden oder Bedenken nicht hinreichend nachgekommen sind, haben Sie das Recht, eine Beschwerde bei einer zuständigen Datenschutzbehörde einzureichen. Order brochure Service Imprint Legal notice Data protection Cookies MINI.Digital Version Info Master-Release20.202004.0.5 Midi Complete Package Business Complete Package WCMP Core release H5VCO Base Url H5VCO Base Url V3 H5VCO Asset Ucp Import Urlhttps: //h5vco.mini.de/ UCPServices Finance Endpoint / h5vco ESI Path -> /apps/settings/wcm/designs/minidigital-white.clientlibinclude.categories__minidigital-white.mode__js.async__false.onload__.js ESI Path -> / apps / settings / wcm / designs / minidigital-white.clientlibinclude.categories__minidigital-white% 3F% 3Flatinacc.mode__css.async __. onload __. js