Restoration Home Restoration Services Contact Us Restoration The knowledge of old handicraft techniques, which can often be differentiated precisely according to year of construction, country, brand and model, is combined with a considerable amount of experience in prototype construction for various brands. Interior fittings / upholstery / fabrics and materials We have traditional handicraft methods. Seats are still made according to "old fashioned custom" with innerspring and horsehair upholstery if it corresponds to the originality. In the case of younger vehicles, we are also able to manufacture foam cores individually, the strength of which can be determined by the customer. Our customers have access to a large warehouse with unusual materials, some of which are no longer available. Through international contacts, very special requests for a specific material can be organized if necessary. We are happy to work with automotive leather and the original fabrics. Of course, we also manufacture parts made of synthetic leather, Alcantara, Microcare or other materials on request. Canopies The installation of new canopies of all brands and years of construction is possible with us and rarely takes longer than a day. For standard vehicles, we use finished products from well-known German manufacturers. These convince with a perfect fit due to computer cutting and first-class materials. We only work with suppliers who bring the highest quality. <1 - 24> DER OLDTIMERSERVICE Moerser Straße 75 47803 Krefeld 02151 3 61 21 38 02151 3 61 21 39 info@DerOldtimerservice.de We are a member of: MVC Mercedes-Benz Veteranen Club von Deutschland eV VdH Association of Tail Fin Friends SAH Society of Automotive Historians TNNR The Nordic Nash Register AUVC Auto Union Veteranen Club Founding member of the BVOF Bundesverband der Oldtimer-Fachbetriebe OK This website uses cookies. If you continue to use the website, we assume your consent. | Read more Press Material range PDF cooperation Imprint Data protection