Data protection Home Restoration Services Contact us DER OLDTIMERSERVICE Moerser Straße 75 47803 Krefeld 02151 3 61 21 38 02151 3 61 21 39 info@DerOldtimerservice.de We are a member of: MVC Mercedes-Benz Veteranen Club von Deutschland eV VdH Association of Tail Fin Friends SAH Society of Automotive Historians TNNR The Nordic Nash Register AUVC Auto Union Veteranen Club Founding member of the BVOF Bundesverband der Oldtimer-Fachbetriebe OK This website uses cookies. If you continue to use the website, we assume your consent. | Read more Press Range of materials PDF Cooperation Imprint Data protection Data protection declaration 1. Data protection at a glance General information The following information provides a simple overview of what happens to your personal data when you visit our website. Personal data is all data with which you can be personally identified. You can find detailed information on the subject of data protection in our data protection declaration below this text. Data collection on our website Who is responsible for data collection on this website? The data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. You can find their contact details in the imprint of this website. How do we collect your data? On the one hand, your data is collected by you communicating it to us. This can e.g. This is data that you enter in a contact form. Other data is automatically collected by our IT systems when you visit the website. This is primarily technical data (e.g. internet browser, operating system or time of the page visit). This data is recorded automatically as soon as you enter our website. What do we use your data for? Part of the data is collected to ensure that the website is provided correctly. Other data can be used to analyze your user behavior. What rights do you have regarding your data? You have the right to receive information about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data at any time free of charge. You also have the right to request that this data be corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about data protection. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. 2. General information and mandatory information Data protection The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration. When you use this website, various personal data are collected. Personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. This data protection declaration explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this is done. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from access by third parties. Information on the responsible body The responsible body for data processing on this website is: DER OLDTIMERSERVICE GmbH Managing Director: Jörg Enger Moerser Strasse 75 47803 Krefeld Tel .: 0 21 51/3 61 21 38 Fax: 0 21 51/3 61 21 39 E- Mail: info@DerOldtimerservice.de HRB 5447 Sales tax ID: Sales tax identification number according to §27a sales tax law: DE 169 651 657 Responsible body is the natural or legal person, alone or together with others about the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names, email addresses, etc.) decides. Revocation of your consent to data processing Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal email to us. The legality of the data processing carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. Right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority In the event of data protection violations, the person concerned has the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. The responsible supervisory authority for data protection issues is the state data protection officer of the federal state in which our company is based. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html. Right to data portability You have the right to have data that we process automatically based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract handed over to you or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you request the direct transfer of the data to another person responsible, this will only take place if it is technically feasible. SSL or TLS encryption For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or inquiries that you send to us as the site operator, this site uses SSL or. TLS encryption. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from “http: //” to “https: //” and by the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data that you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties. Information, blocking, deletion You have the right to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, the right to correction, blocking or deletion of this data. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about personal data. 3. Data collection on our website Server log files The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are: • Browser type and browser version • Operating system used • Referrer URL • Host name of the accessing computer • Time of the server request • IP address A combination of this data with other data sources is not carried out. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures. Contact form If you send us inquiries using the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the inquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. We will not pass on this data without your consent. The processing of the data entered in the contact form takes place exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 a GDPR). You can withdraw this consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal email to us. The legality of the data processing operations carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. The data you enter in the contact form will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory legal provisions - especially retention periods - remain unaffected. 4. Plugins and tools Google Maps This page uses the map service Google Maps via an API. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. To use the functions of Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this page has no influence on this data transmission. The use of Google Maps is in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers and to make it easier to find the places we have indicated on the website. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. More information on the handling of user data can be found in Google's data protection declaration: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/. Press range of materials PDF Cooperation Imprint Data protection