Imprint Home Restoration Services Contact Us Imprint Information according to § 5 TMG: DER OLDTIMERSERVICE GmbH Managing Director: Jörg Enger Moerser Straße 75 47803 Krefeld Tel .: 0 21 51/3 61 21 38 Fax: 0 21 51/3 61 21 39 E-Mail : info@DerOldtimerservice.de HRB 5447 Sales tax ID: Sales tax identification number according to §27a sales tax law: DE 169 651 657 Dispute Settlement We are not willing or obliged to participate in dispute settlement proceedings before a consumer arbitration board. Liability for content As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages in accordance with general laws in accordance with Section 7 (1) TMG. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, we as a service provider are not obliged to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the time we become aware of a specific legal violation. As soon as we become aware of such violations, we will remove this content immediately. Liability for links Our offer contains links to external third-party websites, the content of which we have no influence on. For this reason, we cannot accept any liability for this external content. The respective provider or operator is always responsible for the content of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time the link was created. No illegal content was discernible at the time the link was created. A permanent control of the content of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of an infringement. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately. Copyright The content and works on these pages created by the site operator are subject to German copyright law. The duplication, processing, distribution and any kind of use outside the limits of copyright law require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of this page are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. As far as the content on this page was not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are respected. In particular contents of third parties are marked as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, please let us know. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such content immediately. Data protection declaration Data protection declaration Source: eRecht24 DER OLDTIMERSERVICE Moerser Straße 75 47803 Krefeld 02151 3 61 21 38 02151 3 61 21 39 info@DerOldtimerservice.de We are a member of: MVC Mercedes-Benz Veteranen Club von Deutschland eV VdH Association of Tail Fin Friends SAH Society of Automotive Historians TNNR The Nordic Nash Register AUVC Auto Union Veteranen Club Founding member of the BVOF Bundesverband der Oldtimer-Fachbetriebe OK This website uses cookies. If you continue to use the website, we assume your consent. | Read more Press Material range PDF cooperation Imprint Data protection