Motorbike Tuner Motorbike Tuning Motorbike Tuner Portal> Motorcycle Tuning Directory Motorcycle Brands Aprilia Benelli BMW Cagiva Ducati Harley Davidson Honda Husqvarna Kawasaki KTM Laverda Maico Moto Guzzi MV Agusta Sachs Suzuki Triumph Yamaha Other Brands Dealers Aprilia BMW Buell Honda Husqvarna Kawasaki KTM Moto Guzzi Suzuki Triumph Yamaha Shop conversions front spoiler one-man benches rear conversion rear wheel cover lamp masks trike - quad fairings toothed belt drive finishing airbrush turned parts stainless steel screws plastic coatings polishing chrome-plating accessories exhaust systems footrest systems license plate holder chains oiler LED mini turn signals LED rear light handlebar conversion steel flex - brake lines fall protectors motorcycle motorcycle tailoring systems tuning navigation tailgate systems Saddlebags Tank bags Top case Tour suggestions Carrier systems Suspension Struts Triple trees Fork conversions Steering damper Swing arm conversion Lowering engine tunin g Mapping Racing muffler Sport air filter Carburetor tuning Moped Tuning Scooter Tuning 125er Tuning Pocketbike Tuning Minibike Tuning Spare parts Used parts Air filter Chainsets Spark plugs Other drivers Brokerage Truck technology Motorbike insurance Filter technology PC tuning Repair instructions History of the motorcycle Advertising The first motorcycle with a petrol engine was made in 1885 by Daimler and Wilhelm Maybach built. They called it a riding car. The riding cart was equipped with wooden frames and iron-studded wheels and had support wheels. The engine had 0.5 HP. The first motorcycle in the world in series was the Hildebrand & Wolfmüller from 1894. By 1897, several hundred of them had been built. Due to defects and high prices, the motorcycle was not a success. For example, the ignition worked unreliably. The reliability of the motorcycle could be improved in the following years. The improvements include the spray nozzle carburetor on the ... >>> Dates motorcycle exhibitions 2013 Custombike 2013 in Bad Salzuflen from 06.12.2013 - 08.12.2013 A grandiose party around the custom bike scene. On the approximately 25,000 square meter exhibition area everything is offered from custom bike refurbishments to model innovations and used cusombikes, choppers and cruisers. Of course, the Street Fighter is not missing extreme modifications. From exclusive motorcycle tuners to monster conversions, everything is on offer at the Custombike 2013. further information motorcycle news Yamaha XT 500 Enduro a cult icon is 35 years! In 1976, the first single-cylinder 4-stroke enduro was available from Yamaha dealers. With the Enduro XT 500, Yamaha became a pioneer in a completely new motorcycle class. The first four-stroke enduro with 500 cubic centimeters of displacement from a cylinder was a simple and ingenious engine concept with an overhead camshaft and 34 hp ... >>> BMW R 1200 GS The BMW R 1200 GS will also be available in 2012 as a special Advneture Triple Triple Black. BMW brings the long-running hit among the all-rounders for the customer who wants to stand out from the crowd of other R 1200 GS drivers. The completely black metallic and gray GS is a feast for the eyes also for the non-infected BMW GS fan. The equipment .... >>> BMW S 1000 RR BMW reaches for the crown of the super athletes with the newly revised 2012 BMW S 1000 RR . The BMW S 1000 RR, which has been causing a sensation since its debut in 2010, with its extremely powerful 193 hp four-cylinder engine and a weight of just over 200 kg, has been further optimized for the 2012 season. A little ..... >>> Selected routes through the Rhenish Slate Mountains In 14 top tours, the ADAC Tour Book presents motorcycle areas to the left and right of the Rhine. The focus is on the winding slate mountains with the Eifel, Hunsrück and Bergisches Land. The tourist routes in the Middle Rhine Valley with their sights are also taken into account. Further excursions lead to the dream roads of the Palatinate Forest in the south. All cultural and scenic highlights and special features along the route ... >>> Triumph Speed ​​Triple 2011 Since the Ur Speedy caused a sensation on the streets in 1994, the Triumph Speed ​​Triple has developed into one of the best-selling triumph motorcycles of the English cult brand. The naked bike with its unmistakable appearance was born with the 1997 Speed ​​Triple, since then Triumph has been consistently on the Speed ​​Triple .... >>> Finally you are done with the baking tray, the new small motorcycle license plates based on the model of many other European countries . The mini motorcycle license plate now has the minimum dimensions of 18 x 20 cm and is therefore super suitable for a narrow silhouette of the bike. The small mark has a downer, however, the combination of letters and numbers is now at least 2 and 2 characters. Just in time for the start of the 2011 season, the district council introduced the small license plate for motorcycles. However, an exchange is not mandatory, the old motorcycle signs remain valid as well. The narrower sign was made possible by the release of the reduced letters of light motorcycles now also for motorcycles, the badges were also moved to the middle of the sign, which now makes a minimum width of up to 18 cm possible. The height of 20 cm remains unchanged. Only practice makes perfect - ADAC driving safety training Since 1975, 2.5 million people have used ADAC driving safety training to improve their driving skills. In 2009 alone, 205,000 motorists entrusted themselves to the course instructors to practice safe driving on slingshot plates, dynamic surfaces, speed measuring systems and water fountains. This increase of around five percent more participants confirms the upward trend in recent years. ... >>> Clever financing of BMW motorcycles and tailored insurance. Just in time for the start of the new motorcycle season, buyers of a BMW motorcycle benefit from particularly attractive offers from BMW Financial Services when it comes to financing and insurance for a BMW new or demonstration motorcycle. ... >>> Comic-Strip promotes more safety for motorcyclists Bad Windsheim (ARCD) - The association of European motorcycle manufacturers ACEM has published a series of comic strips for the detection and avoidance of dangerous traffic situations for motorized two-wheelers. At the center of the 13 short stories is the awkward and humorous motorcyclist "Lucky 13", who is confronted with every conceivable inadequacy of the road infrastructure and has to cope with it: crossroads, driving in the dark, oil stains on the road surface, unsecured road edges, etc. Six Chapters of the series are now available on the Internet and can be used free of charge for further distribution: >>> Allianz Suisse offers safety training for motorcyclists news current Switzerland Around 1,000 motorbike enthusiasts use the Allianz range every year. As the capacities are limited, a quick registration is recommended. ... >>> Motorbike: Accident risk of pollen flight FOCUS Online can almost completely eliminate pollen and pollutants inside the car, motorcyclists must be able to assess themselves well. Depending on the pollen count ... >>> Motorcycle accessories The best motorcycle accessories MOTORRAD readers have chosen Motorbike Online MOTORRAD asked its readers not only about the best motorcycles, but also about the best brands of clothing, equipment and accessories Motorcycle accessories ... >>> Motorbike Bluetooth headset - MP3 Mobile-Devices.ch I have had a touch HD for some time and I am enthusiastic about what you are discussing here in the forum for freeware solutions etc. To my question: I have a motorcycle intercom ... >>> Motorbike sport start to the 2010 Motorcycle World Championship After months of fitness drudgery in Italy and efficient tests on various race tracks, Jonas Folger (Schwindegg) is in his motorbike for his second year -World Cup equipped. The starting shot is fired in Qatar at the weekend. The 16-year-old Bayer drives an Aprilia RSA 125 in the Italian World Wide Racing team. And he belongs to the group of podium candidates. He is already looking forward to his home Grand Prix on July 18 at the Sachsenring, as he reveals in an interview ... ... >>> Stefan Bradl with luck in bad luck motograndprix.de - Aachen After I got the When the engine was running in, my motorcycle felt a little strange. After an eager search my mechanics found out ... >>> Motorcycle training safety training or perfecting your own driving style there are numerous offers for smaller ... >>> Motorcycle evaluation How much is your motorcycle worth? Cheap valuation of your two-wheeler at Schwacke Inexpensive motorcycle tires Looking for cheap motorcycle tires? You will find inexpensive motorcycle tires at MotorradreifenDirekt On the page you will find the right assembly service near you. Advertising motorcycle clothing - online shop for motorcycle clothing Partner DIGEL HERRENMODE Advertising Imprint The directory for motorcycle tuning sitemap