Ingenieursbüro Reitzel - Data protection StartNewsCompanyCompany portraitTeamDirectionsServicesRoad construction + traffic technologyD Sewerage + Wastewater disposalWater supplySport facilitiesOtherStrengtheningTechnical equipmentCertified sewer rehabilitation consultantQuality assurance paving constructionSiGe coordinatorCommissionerCareer data privacy policy Contact us We are very happy with your approach to us. Data protection has a particularly high priority for the management of IB-Reitzel GmbH. Use of the IB-Reitzel GmbH website is generally possible without providing any personal data. If a data subject wishes to use our company's special services via our website, processing of personal data may be necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no legal basis for such processing, we generally obtain the consent of the data subject. The processing of personal data, for example the name, address, e-mail address or telephone number of a data subject, is always carried out in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to IB-Reitzel GmbH. With this data protection declaration, our company would like to inform the public about the type, scope and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Data subjects are also informed about their rights by means of this data protection declaration. As the controller, IB-Reitzel GmbH has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection possible for the personal data processed via this website. Nevertheless, Internet-based data transmissions can generally have security gaps, so that absolute protection cannot be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transmit personal data to us in alternative ways, for example by telephone. 1. Definitions The data protection declaration of IB-Reitzel GmbH is based on the terminology used by the European guideline and regulation giver when issuing the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be easy to read and understand for the public as well as for our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to explain the terms used in advance. In this data protection declaration, we use the following terms, among others: a) Personal data Personal data are all information that relate to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter referred to as "data subject"). An identifiable person is a natural person who, directly or indirectly, in particular by assigning an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or one or more special characteristics, expresses the physical, physiological, genetic, psychological, economic, cultural or social identity of this natural person can be identified. b) Data subject The data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person whose personal data are processed by the controller. c) Processing Processing is any process or series of processes carried out with or without the help of automated processes in connection with personal data such as the collection, recording, organization, organization, storage, adaptation or modification, reading, querying, the use, disclosure by transmission, distribution or any other form of provision, comparison or linking, restriction, deletion or destruction. d) Restriction of processing Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of restricting their future processing. e) Profiling Profiling is any type of automated processing of personal data, which consists in the fact that this personal data is used to evaluate certain personal aspects that relate to a natural person, in particular to aspects related to work performance, economic situation, Analyze or predict the health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or change of location of this natural person. f) Pseudonymization Pseudonymization is the processing of personal data in such a way that the personal data can no longer be assigned to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that this additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organizational measures that ensure that the personal data are not assigned to an identified or identifiable natural person. g) The person responsible or the person responsible for the processing or the person responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or together with others, decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data. If the purposes and means of this processing are specified by Union law or the law of the Member States, the person responsible or the specific criteria for naming them can be provided in accordance with Union law or the law of the Member States. h) Processor Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body that processes personal data on behalf of the person responsible. i) Recipient Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body to whom personal data are disclosed, regardless of whether it is a third party or not. However, authorities that may receive personal data as part of a specific investigation mandate under Union law or the law of the member states are not considered recipients. j) A third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body other than the data subject, the controller, the processor and the persons who are authorized to process the personal data under the direct responsibility of the controller or processor. k) Consent Consent is any expression of will voluntarily given by the data subject for the specific case in an informed manner and unequivocally in the form of a declaration or other clear confirmatory act by which the data subject indicates that they are processing the data subject personal data agrees. 2. Name and address of the person responsible for processing within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation, other data protection laws applicable in the member states of the European Union and other provisions with a data protection character is: IB-Reitzel GmbH Kreuzstrasse 9 64846 Groß -zimmer Germany Tel .: +49 (0) 6071 9709-0 E-Mail: info@ib-reitzel.de Website: www.ib-reitzel.de 3. Name and address of the data protection officer The data protection officer of the data controller is: Michael Coors An der Ziegelei 28 64846 Groß-Zimmeren Germany Tel .: +49 (0) 171 2157123 E-Mail: ib-reitzel-datenschutz@dsb1.de Every person concerned can contact our data protection officer at any time with any questions and suggestions regarding data protection. 4. Cookies The websites of IB-Reitzel GmbH use cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored and saved on a computer system via an Internet browser. Numerous websites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which websites and servers can be assigned to the specific internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This enables the visited websites and servers to distinguish the individual browser of the data subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID. By using cookies, IB-Reitzel GmbH can provide users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting. A cookie can be used to optimize the information and offers on our website in the interests of the user. As already mentioned, cookies enable us to recognize the users of our website. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to use our website. The user of a website that uses cookies, for example, does not have to enter his access data every time he visits the website, because this is done by the website and the cookie stored on the user's computer system. Another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in the online shop. The online shop remembers the items that a customer has placed in the virtual shopping cart via a cookie. The person concerned can prevent the setting of cookies by our website at any time by means of a corresponding setting of the internet browser used and thus permanently object to the setting of cookies. Furthermore, cookies that have already been set can be deleted at any time using an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all common internet browsers. If the person concerned deactivates the setting of cookies in the internet browser used, under certain circumstances not all functions of our website can be used to their full extent. 5. Collection of general data and information The IB-Reitzel GmbH website collects a series of general data and information each time the website is accessed by a data subject or an automated system. This general data and information is stored in the server's log files. The following can be recorded: (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system accesses our website (so-called referrer), (4) the sub-websites that use an accessing system on our website can be controlled, (5) the date and time of access to the website, (6) an internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the internet service provider of the accessing system and (8) other similar data and information that serves to avert risks in the event of attacks on our information technology systems. When using this general data and information, IB-Reitzel GmbH does not draw any conclusions about the person concerned. Rather, this information is required to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website and the advertising for it, (3) to ensure the long-term functionality of our information technology systems and the technology of our website and ( 4) to provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for law enforcement in the event of a cyber attack. This anonymously collected data and information is therefore statistically evaluated by IB-Reitzel GmbH on the one hand and also with the aim of increasing data protection and data security in our company in order to ultimately ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data processed by us. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject. 6. Routine deletion and blocking of personal data The data controller processes and stores personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the storage purpose or if this is done by the European legislator or other legislator in law or regulations to which the controller is subject. If the storage purpose no longer applies or if a storage period prescribed by the European directive and ordinance provider or another responsible legislator expires, the personal data will be routinely blocked or deleted in accordance with the statutory provisions. 7. Rights of the data subject a) Right to confirmation Every data subject has the right granted by the European directive and regulation giver to request a confirmation from the data controller as to whether personal data concerning them are being processed. If a data subject wishes to exercise this right of confirmation, they can contact an employee of the controller at any time. b) Right to information Any person affected by the processing of personal data has the right granted by the European directive and regulation giver to receive free of charge information about the personal data stored about him and a copy of this information from the controller at any time. Furthermore, the European directive and regulatory authority has given the data subject access to the following information: the processing purposes, the categories of personal data that are being processed, the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data has been or will be disclosed, in particular for recipients in third countries or with international organizations, if possible, the planned duration for which the personal data will be stored or, if this is not possible, the criteria for determining this duration, the existence of a right to have the personal data concerning them corrected or deleted or to Restriction of processing by the person responsible or a right to object to this processing, the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if the personal data is not collected from the data subject en: All available information about the origin of the data, the existence of automated decision-making including profiling in accordance with Article 22 Paragraph 1 and 4 GDPR and - at least in these cases - meaningful information about the logic involved and the scope and intended effects of such logic Processing for the data subject The data subject also has the right to information as to whether personal data has been transferred to a third country or to an international organization. If this is the case, the data subject also has the right to receive information about the appropriate guarantees in connection with the transfer. If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to information, they can contact an employee of the controller at any time. c) Right to rectification Every person affected by the processing of personal data has the right granted by the European directive and regulation giver to request the immediate correction of incorrect personal data concerning them. In addition, the data subject has the right to request the completion of incomplete personal data, also by means of a supplementary statement, taking into account the purposes of the processing. If a data subject wishes to exercise this right of correction, they can contact an employee of the controller at any time. d) Right to erasure (right to be forgotten) Any person affected by the processing of personal data has the right granted by the European directive and regulation giver to require the person responsible to delete their personal data immediately, if one of the following Reasons apply and if the processing is not necessary: ​​The personal data was collected for such purposes or otherwise processed for which it is no longer necessary. The data subject withdraws their consent on which the processing was based in accordance with Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR or Article 9 (2) (a) GDPR and there is no other legal basis for the processing. The data subject objects to the processing in accordance with Article 21 (1) GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing in accordance with Article 21 (2) GDPR Processing one. The personal data was processed illegally. The deletion of personal data is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation under Union law or the law of the member states to which the controller is subject. The personal data was collected in relation to information society services offered in accordance with Art. 8 Para. 1 GDPR. If one of the above reasons applies and a data subject wishes to have personal data stored at IB-Reitzel GmbH deleted, they can contact an employee of the controller at any time. The IB-Reitzel GmbH employee will arrange for the request for deletion to be complied with immediately. If the personal data has been made public by IB-Reitzel GmbH and our company as the person responsible is obliged to delete the personal data in accordance with Art. 17 Para. 1 GDPR, IB-Reitzel GmbH takes into account the available technology and the implementation costs Reasonable measures, also of a technical nature, to inform other data controllers who process the published personal data that the data subject has deleted all links to this personal data or copies of them from these other data controllers Has requested replications of this personal data, as far as the processing is not necessary. The IB-Reitzel GmbH employee will arrange the necessary in individual cases. e) Right to restriction of processing Any person affected by the processing of personal data has the right granted by the European directive and regulation giver to request the controller to restrict processing if one of the following conditions is met: The accuracy of the personal data becomes disputed by the data subject for a period of time that enables the person responsible to check the accuracy of the personal data. The processing is unlawful, the data subject refuses to delete the personal data and instead requests that the use of the personal data be restricted. The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of processing, but the data subject needs them to assert, exercise or defend legal claims. The data subject has objected to processing in accordance with Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR and it is not yet clear whether the legitimate reasons of the person responsible outweigh those of the data subject. If one of the above requirements is met and a data subject wishes to restrict the personal data stored at IB-Reitzel GmbH, they can contact an employee of the controller at any time. The IB-Reitzel GmbH employee will arrange for the processing to be restricted. f) Right to data portability Every person affected by the processing of personal data has the right granted by the European directive and regulation giver to receive the personal data concerning them, which were provided to a responsible person by the data subject, in a structured, common and machine-readable format . You also have the right to transfer this data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to whom the personal data was provided, provided that the processing is based on consent in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 Letter a GDPR or Art. 9 Para . 2 letter a GDPR or on a contract in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 letter b GDPR and the processing is carried out using automated processes, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task that is in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority, which has been transferred to the person responsible. Furthermore, when exercising their right to data portability in accordance with Art. 20 Para. 1 GDPR, the data subject has the right to have the personal data transferred directly from one person responsible to another, insofar as this is technically feasible and if so this does not affect the rights and freedoms of other people. To assert the right to data portability, the data subject can contact an employee of IB-Reitzel GmbH at any time. g) Right to object Any person affected by the processing of personal data has the right granted by the European directive and regulation giver, for reasons arising from their particular situation, at any time against the processing of personal data concerning them, which is based on Art. 6 Paragraph 1 letters e or f DS-GVO takes place to object. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions. In the event of an objection, IB-Reitzel GmbH will no longer process the personal data, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that outweigh the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defense of legal claims. If IB-Reitzel GmbH processes personal data in order to operate direct mail, the data subject has the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data for the purpose of such advertising. This also applies to profiling insofar as it is connected to such direct advertising. If the data subject objects to IB-Reitzel GmbH processing for direct marketing purposes, IB-Reitzel GmbH will no longer process the personal data for these purposes. In addition, the person concerned has the right, for reasons arising from their particular situation, against the processing of personal data relating to them, which is carried out at IB-Reitzel GmbH for scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes in accordance with Article 89 (1) GDPR take place to object, unless such processing is necessary to fulfill a task in the public interest. To exercise the right to object, the data subject can contact any IB-Reitzel GmbH employee or another employee directly. The data subject is also free to exercise their right to object in connection with the use of information society services, regardless of Directive 2002/58 / EC, using automated procedures that use technical specifications. h) Automated decisions in individual cases, including profiling Every person affected by the processing of personal data has the right granted by the European directive and regulatory authority not to be subjected to a decision based solely on automated processing - including profiling - which has legal effect on it or similarly significantly affects, unless the decision (1) is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between the data subject and the controller, or (2) due to Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject , is permissible and these legal provisions contain appropriate measures to safeguard the rights, freedoms and legitimate interests of the data subject or (3) is carried out with the express consent of the data subject. If the decision (1) is necessary for the conclusion or fulfillment of a contract between the data subject and the person responsible or (2) it is made with the express consent of the data subject, IB-Reitzel GmbH takes appropriate measures to protect the rights and freedoms as well to protect the legitimate interests of the data subject, which includes at least the right to obtain the intervention of a person on the part of the person responsible, to state their own position and to contest the decision. If the data subject wishes to assert rights with regard to automated decisions, they can contact an employee of the controller at any time. i) Right to revoke consent under data protection law Any person affected by the processing of personal data has the right granted by the European directive and regulation giver to revoke consent to the processing of personal data at any time. If the data subject wishes to exercise their right to withdraw consent, they can contact an employee of the controller at any time. 8. Data protection for applications and in the application process The person responsible for processing collects and processes the personal data of applicants for the purpose of processing the application process. Processing can also be done electronically. This is particularly the case if an applicant sends the relevant application documents to the person responsible for processing by electronic means, for example by e-mail or via a web form on the website. If the controller concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the data transmitted will be stored for the purpose of processing the employment relationship in compliance with the statutory provisions. If the data controller does not conclude an employment contract with the applicant, the application documents will be automatically deleted two months after the announcement of the rejection decision, provided that there are no other legitimate interests of the data controller that conflict with the deletion. Other legitimate interest in this sense is, for example, an obligation to provide evidence in a procedure under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG). 9. Google Maps This website uses the Google Maps map service via an API. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. To use the functions of Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this page has no influence on this data transmission. The use of Google Maps is in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers and to make it easier to find the places we have indicated on the website. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. More information on the handling of user data can be found in Google's data protection declaration: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/. 10. Google Web Fonts This page uses so-called web fonts provided by Google for the uniform display of fonts. When you call up a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache in order to display texts and fonts correctly. For this purpose, the browser you are using must connect to the Google servers. This gives Google knowledge that our website has been accessed via your IP address. Google Web Fonts are used in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font will be used by your computer. Further information on Google Web Fonts can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google's privacy policy: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. 11. Legal basis for processing Art. 6 I lit. a GDPR serves our company as the legal basis for processing operations in which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party, as is the case, for example, with processing operations that are necessary for the delivery of goods or the provision of any other service or consideration, the processing is based on Art. 6 I lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations that are necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures, for example in cases of inquiries about our products or services. If our company is subject to a legal obligation that requires the processing of personal data, such as to fulfill tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6 I lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor to our company were injured and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information had to be passed on to a doctor, a hospital or other third parties. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6 I lit. d GDPR are based. Ultimately, processing operations could be based on Art. 6 I lit. f GDPR. Processing operations that are not covered by any of the aforementioned legal bases are based on this legal basis if processing is necessary to safeguard a legitimate interest of our company or a third party, provided that the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not outweigh them. Such processing operations are permitted to us in particular because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. In this regard, he took the view that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a customer of the person responsible (recital 47 sentence 2 GDPR). 12.Legitimate interests in processing that are being pursued by the controller or a third party. The processing of personal data is based on Article 6 I lit. f GDPR is our legitimate interest in carrying out our business for the benefit of all our employees and our shareholders. 13. Duration for which the personal data is stored The criterion for the duration of the storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After the deadline has expired, the corresponding data will be routinely deleted, provided that it is no longer required to fulfill or initiate a contract. 14. Legal or contractual provisions for the provision of personal data; Necessity for the conclusion of the contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; Possible consequences of non-provision We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual regulations (e.g. information about the contracting party). Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that a data subject provides us with personal data that we subsequently have to process. For example, the data subject is obliged to provide us with personal data if our company concludes a contract with them. Failure to provide personal data would result in the contract not being concluded with the person concerned. Before the data subject provides personal data, the data subject must contact one of our employees. Our employee clarifies the person concerned on a case-by-case basis whether the provision of personal data is required by law or contract or is required for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of not providing the personal data. 15. Existence of automated decision making As a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision making or profiling. This data protection declaration was created by the data protection declaration generator of the DGD Deutsche Gesellschaft für Datenschutz GmbH, which works as an external data protection officer for Upper Bavaria, in cooperation with the data protection lawyer Christian Solmecke. ImprintData protection Copyright © 2020 Ingenieurbüro Reitzel GmbH & Co. KG StartNewsCompanyCompany portraitTeamDirectionsServicesStreet construction + traffic engineeringCanalisation + sewage disposalWater supplySport facilitiesOtherStrengtheningTechnical equipmentCertified sewer rehabilitation consultantQuality assurance Pavement constructionSiGe coordinatorCommissionerCommissioner