Delluxe - Dent Repair Rizman - Dent - Hail Damage - Dent Doctor - Dent Removal - Smart Repair - Dell Doctor Home | How it works | Gallery | FAQs | Contact | Imprint Imprint Roman Rizman Delluxe - dent repair Rizman Ringstrasse 19 82223 Eichenau Phone: 08142/466 12 92 Mobile: 0176/22 83 56 83 E-Mail: info@delluxe-dellen.de Web: www.delluxe-dellen.de IBAN: DE87700100800072645806 BIC: PBNKDEFF tax no .: 117/263/30842 VAT no .: DE286084132 Liability for content The content of our website was created with great care. However, we cannot guarantee that the content is correct, complete and up to date. As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages in accordance with general laws in accordance with Section 7 (1) TMG. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, we as a service provider are not obliged to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the time we become aware of a specific legal violation. As soon as we become aware of such violations, we will remove this content immediately. Data protection The use of our website is usually possible without providing personal data. Insofar as personal data (e.g. name, address or email address) is collected on our website, this is - as far as possible - always on a voluntary basis. We will not pass on your data to third parties without your express consent. We would also like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (such as when communicating via email) can have security gaps. Because complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible. We hereby expressly object to the use by third parties of the contact data published within the scope of the imprint obligation for sending unsolicited advertising and information material. The operators of these pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited promotional information, such as spam e-mails. Free Imprint from agb.de General Terms and Conditions 1. Scope 1.1 Deliveries and services as well as other legal transactions in all business transactions Delluxe - Dents repair Rizman - hereinafter simply referred to as "Delluxe" - only take place in accordance with the following general terms and conditions in the currently valid version and are an integral part of the contract, unless otherwise agreed in writing in an individual agreement between Delluxe and the contractual partner or client. 1.2 These conditions are considered accepted at the latest when the service is accepted. They also apply if they are no longer mentioned in later contracts or services. 1.3 Changes and additions to a contract must be made in writing. 1.4 Offers from Delluxe are subject to change and non-binding. 1.5 Delluxe is entitled to withdraw from contracts if facts arise that show that the other party is not creditworthy. 2. Delivery and performance 2.1 All performance data are only binding if this has been expressly agreed in writing. Subject to reasonable technical deviations from the information in written documents, without rights against Delluxe being derived from this. 2.2 Delluxe expressly reserves the right to reasonable partial services. 2.3 Agreed delivery dates are considered to have been met if the services were rendered on the agreed delivery date. If the provision of services is delayed for reasons for which Delluxe is not responsible, the contractual services can be stored at the cost and risk of the contractual partner. 2.4 The performance date or the performance deadline - hereinafter simply referred to as "delivery date" - is agreed according to the expected performance of Delluxe and is non-binding and subject to timely delivery and unforeseen circumstances and obstacles, regardless of whether they occur Delluxe or at the manufacturer , in particular force majeure, government measures, non-issuance of official permits, industrial disputes of all kinds, sabotage, lack of raw materials, late delivery of materials through no fault of your own. Such events extend the delivery date accordingly, even if they occur during a delay that has already occurred. In this case, a grace period set by the contractual partner is also extended by the duration of the unforeseen event. If such events lead to a postponement of performance of more than two weeks, the contractual partner can withdraw from the contract - regardless of other right of withdrawal. 2.5 The contractual partner can request Delluxe in writing two weeks after a non-binding delivery date has been exceeded. Upon receipt of the request, Delluxe is in default. In the event that the contractual partner is entitled to compensation for delay damages, this is limited by Delluxe to a maximum of 5% of the agreed remuneration in the event of slight negligence. If the contractual partner withdraws from the contract in addition to asserting claims for delay damages or if he claims damages instead of the service, he must set Delluxe a reasonable period of performance after the aforementioned two-week period. However, Delluxe assumes no liability if the damage would have occurred had the delivery date been adhered to. If a binding agreed delivery date is exceeded, a request by the contractual partner is not required to put Delluxe in default. The above regulations apply to the rights of the contractual partner. 2.6 Delluxe reserves the right to withdraw from the contract if one of the above Performance delays caused by events last longer than four weeks and this is not the fault of Delluxe. 2.7 The agreement to postpone performance dates must be in writing. 2.8 If acceptance is delayed, Delluxe also has the right to payment, either to set a new service date or to withdraw from the contract. In the event of non-acceptance, Delluxe can claim damages in the amount of 15% of the contractual remuneration. 3. Inspection and transfer of risk 3.1 In the event of performance, the contractual partner must check the completeness and correspondence of the invoice immediately upon receipt. If a written notice of failure is received, received by Delluxe within seven calendar days of receipt, the service is deemed to have been properly and completely performed, unless it is a concealed defect. 3.2 Insignificant defects that do not impair the functionality of the object of performance do not entitle the contractual partner to refuse acceptance. 3.3 The risk is transferred to the contractual partner once the service has been performed in full. 4. Prices and terms of payment 4.1 The prices resulting from the respective prices or the individual offer are to be understood as fixed prices. VAT and other statutory levies in the country of delivery are charged separately. 4.2 Unless otherwise agreed in writing, all invoices are payable without deduction 14 days after receipt of the invoice. Invoicing takes place with performance. 4.3 The contractual partner can only offset claims from Delluxe with claims from counterclaims if these are undisputed or legally binding; a right of retention can only be asserted if it is based on claims from the contract for which Delluxe is entitled to the claim. 4.4 If the other contracting party does not comply with the above payment terms, Delluxe can at any time request performance step by step against cash payment, advance payment or security deposit. All outstanding claims, including those for which Delluxe has accepted bills of exchange or has been agreed to pay in installments, are due immediately. 5. Retention of title 5.1 The contractual product remains the property of Delluxe until all claims from the contract have been fulfilled, in the event that the contractual partner is a legal person under public law, special fund under public law or an entrepreneur in the exercise of his commercial or independent professional activity in addition from the current business relationship until settlement of the claims due in connection with the Delluxe contract. 5.2 In the event of late payment by the contractual partner, including from other and future services of Delluxe, or in the event of a loss of assets, Delluxe can withdraw from the contract. 6. Warranty 6.1. The parties are aware and agree that it is not possible according to the state of the art to exclude errors under all conditions of use. 6.2 Under this stipulation, the claims of the contractual partner expire in accordance with the statutory provisions. 6.2.1 Delluxe guarantees that the contractual services are described in product information in a generally applicable manner and are generally operational in this context. However, the warranty claim only extends to the extent that the manufacturer of the goods recognizes it. A guarantee of properties is only given if the respective information has been confirmed in writing by Delluxe. 6.2.2 Delluxe cannot guarantee that the services will meet the requirements of the contractual partner. 6.2.3 The warranty excludes in particular defects or damage that can be attributed to operational wear and tear, normal wear and tear, improper use, operating errors and negligent behavior on the part of the customer, fire, lightning, explosion, moisture of all kinds, unless the contractual partner demonstrates that these circumstances are not the cause of the claimed defect. The warranty also lapses if the goods are tampered with by third parties authorized by Delluxe or by Delluxe during the warranty period. 6.2.4 Warranty claims are not transferable. 6.2.5 Irrespective of the above, Delluxe will pass on any further guarantee and warranty commitments made by the manufacturer to the contractual partner in full, without being responsible for them. 6.2.6 The result of the service provided must be checked immediately upon receipt. Complaints are to be reported in writing to Delluxe within seven calendar days of receipt. 6.2.7 In the event of a warranty claim, Delluxe will choose to repair or replace it. The contractual partner is to accept a replacement service. Replaced parts become the property of Delluxe. If Delluxe does not remedy defects within a reasonable grace period set in writing, the contract partner is entitled to either cancel the contract or request a reasonable reduction. Further claims are excluded. In particular, Delluxe is not liable for damage that has not occurred to the delivery item itself, for lost profit or other financial loss of the contracting partner. 6.2.8 In the event of rectification, Delluxe will cover the labor costs. All other costs of the repair as well as the additional costs associated with a service are borne by the contract partner, insofar as these other costs are not out of proportion to the value. 6.2.9 If checking a notice of defects reveals that a warranty claim is not present, Delluxe is entitled to demand reimbursement of all expenses. 7. Limitation of liability If Delluxe is obliged to pay compensation based on the statutory provisions in accordance with these conditions, liability is limited as follows in the event that the damage was caused by slight negligence: Delluxe is only liable in the event of a breach of essential contractual obligations and limited to the typical damage foreseeable when the contract was concluded. The above limitation does not apply to damage to life, limb or health. If the damage is covered by insurance taken out by the contractual partner, Delluxe is only liable for the disadvantages that arise with the contractual partner's damage settlement, such as a higher insurance premium or interest rate disadvantage. Liability is excluded for slight negligence caused by a defect in the contractual object. Delluxe's ​​liability remains unaffected, irrespective of whether there is fault, in the event of fraudulent concealment of a defect, the assumption of a guarantee or under the Product Liability Act. Consequences of a delay in delivery are finally regulated in § 2 of these conditions. The personal liability of the managing directors of Delluxe, vicarious agents and employees of Delluxe for damage caused by them due to slight negligence is excluded.