HU * / AU: 1a autoservice We make it go. Autohaus Haster Mühle Bramscher Str. 218, 49090 Osnabrück Opening times 0541 61637 MENU SERVICES Exhaust Service Brake Service HU * / AU Inspection & Mobility Guarantee Air Conditioning Service Oil Change Service Tire & Rim Service Repair & Maintenance Shock Absorber & Chassis TIPS & NEWS OUR OFFERS VEHICLE SERVICE FOR YOU * / AU Inspection & Mobility Guarantee Air Conditioning Service Oil Change Service Tire & Rim Service Repair & Maintenance Shock Absorber & Chassis Scroll up Carefree all round: The 1a main * and exhaust gas inspection. Better on the safe side. If the "TÜV" is in the house, the car blessing should not go wrong: As a multi-brand workshop, we at 1a autoservice are always well informed about the typical defects of the various manufacturers and models. We will reliably bring your vehicle up to a roadworthy condition, so that the official inspector will be happy to stick the new badge on and you can drive safely.Previewing to reveal possible defectsMain inspection * (HU) with integrated emissions test (AU) If necessary. Immediate elimination of listed defects Test and measurement protocols for your documents If necessary, customer replacement vehicle * Main inspection according to §29 StVZO, carried out by external test engineers from the officially recognized monitoring organizations We pay attention to the details that a car does not pass the HU *. A handbrake only provides correct safety if it works on both sides and if we discover tires that have worn off at an angle, we look for the cause. After all, what good is it to buy new tires only when they run diagonally? Would you like an appointment or a reminder of your due HU * / AU? You can find your next 1a car service here. TÜV report 2015: Every fourth car fails the §57a examination. With safety-related defects such as worn brakes and tires, the inspectors sent 23.5 percent of the cars back to the workshop, as the association of the TÜV (Technical Surveillance Associations) announced in Berlin. For the first time in years, the average defect rate has dropped - by 1.4 points. You can also find the detailed report with the winners and losers here: Vd TÜVAutohausAutobild You may also be interested in: / au Contact and directions 1a Tips / Flyer 1a autoservice.de Data protection information Imprint Login Extranet * General inspection according to §29 StVZO, carried out by external test engineers from the officially recognized surveillance organizations. On the supply side: All prices in Euro including VAT , except where explicitly stated. We use cookies to make our website optimal for you and to continuously improve it. You can find more information on this in our data protection declaration. Accept more information