Detail page: 1a car service We make it go. Autohaus Haster Mühle Bramscher Str. 218, 49090 Osnabrück Opening times 0541 61637 MENU SERVICES Exhaust Service Brake Service HU * / AU Inspection & Mobility Guarantee Air Conditioning Service Oil Change Service Tire & Rim Service Repair & Maintenance Shock Absorber & Chassis TIPS & NEWS OUR OFFERS VEHICLE SERVICE FOR YOU * / AU Inspection & Mobility Guarantee Air Conditioning Service Oil Change Service Tire & Rim Service Repair & Maintenance Shock Absorber & Chassis Scroll to top Back to overview 1a TIPS in spring - now available! In the new spring edition of 1a TIPPS, which is available now, the main focus is on subjecting the car to a little spring cleaning after the cold season. Because the cold weather put a lot of stress on the vehicle. So now is the right time to make your car fit for spring, best supported by your 1a autoservice workshop. Therefore, the current 1a tips not only illuminates the topics of summer tires and tire changes, but also other important information, from air conditioning service to the safe transport of bicycles. Leaf through now You may also be interested: Changing diapers and workshops is worthwhile - with a guarantee! Cheeky campaign from 1a autoservice clears up workshop errors with first place in the price-performance ratio. More important than any workshop test: your satisfaction! Not only are we convinced of the excellent work of our workshops. Autohaus Haster Mühle Tips & news Detail page Contact and directions 1a Tips / Flyer 1a autoservice.de Data protection information Imprint Login Extranet * Main inspection according to §29 StVZO, carried out by external test engineers from the officially recognized surveillance organizations. On the supply side: All prices in euros including VAT Prices are without installation, except where explicitly stated. We use cookies to make our website optimal for you and to continuously improve it. You can find more information on this in our data protection declaration. Accept more information