Tire & rim service: 1a car service We make it go. Autohaus Haster Mühle Bramscher Str. 218, 49090 Osnabrück Opening times 0541 61637 MENU SERVICES Exhaust Service Brake Service HU * / AU Inspection & Mobility Guarantee Air Conditioning Service Oil Change Service Tire & Rim Service Repair & Maintenance Shock Absorber & Chassis TIPS & NEWS OUR OFFERS VEHICLE SERVICE FOR YOU * / AU Inspection & Mobility Guarantee Climate Service Oil Change Service Tire & Rim Service Repair & Maintenance Shock Absorber & Chassis Scroll Up Typically 1a: Tire and rim service with a system. With every tire change, we check the brake pads and the running pattern of the tires. But nothing costs a lot, for example because a faulty track wears one, several or even all of the tires much faster! More joy! Whether you are a test winner, premium brand or our good and affordable house brand, you can get what you want from us. The right tires and rims that have been approved or approved for your vehicle. Much more than just changing tires: our wheel-related services! Expert advice on tire selection, a large selection of test winners, premium, smooth-running and affordable quality tires dimensions, tire age, load capacity, operating permit etc. * At all participating 1a autoservice workshops. We also check the axis geometry; otherwise a new tire could be worn out quickly! OMG TPMS! If you are driving with a tire pressure monitoring system (TPMS), which has been mandatory for all new cars in the EU since 2014, you have definitely noticed: The tires can no longer be easily changed. The tire change takes longer. The tire changes have become more expensive. Good for us, you might think. But we also had to invest in appropriate measuring and diagnostic devices and spend more time on the appropriate settings. TPMS are of course great in the name of safety. If you have a TPMS, we are prepared for it, equipped for it and offer top-class performance here too. If you would like to retrofit a TPMS, please contact us, we will advise you on the vehicle type. It looks good: Our rims offer platinum wheels shine with their fascinating design and quality - produced in the factories by renowned original equipment manufacturers and of course without exception TÜV-tested. Platinum means quality and design from the OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer) . Width, diameter, depth, wheel stud length *: So that you do not lose anything in terms of fun, safety and certainly nothing in terms of insurance protection, we pay attention to the rims and dimensions approved or approved for your vehicle type. Aquaplaning, braking distance, cornering behavior: pay attention to the tread depth with millimeter precision. DEKRA, KÜS and TÜV Rheinland recommend the minimum tread depth of 3mm (winter tires 4mm) for summer tires and so you always drive on the safe side. A minimum tread depth of 1.6 mm for summer and winter tires is required by law. * E.g. to be observed when changing from steel to aluminum rims! You might also be interested in: Brake service repair & maintenance To the appointment planner Autohaus Haster Mühle Services Tire and rim service Contact and directions 1a Tips / Flyer 1a autoservice.de recognized surveillance organizations. On the supply side: All prices in euros including VAT. All prices are without installation, except where explicitly stated. We use cookies to make our website optimal for you and to continuously improve it. You can find more information on this in our data protection declaration. Accept more information