Brake service: 1a car service We make it go. Autohaus Haster Mühle Bramscher Str. 218, 49090 Osnabrück Opening times 0541 61637 MENU SERVICES Exhaust Service Brake Service HU * / AU Inspection & Mobility Guarantee Air Conditioning Service Oil Change Service Tire & Rim Service Repair & Maintenance Shock Absorber & Chassis TIPS & NEWS OUR OFFERS VEHICLE SERVICE FOR YOU * / AU Inspection & Mobility Guarantee Air Conditioning Service Oil Change Service Tire & Rim Service Repair & Maintenance Shock Absorber & Chassis Scroll Up Professional Brake Fluid Control and Affordable Change! Acceleration is good, deceleration is better: Brakes are a complex system of electronics, mechanics and hydraulics today. Keywords: ABS (anti-lock braking system), ASR (traction control system), BAS (brake assistant), ESP (electronic stability program). In addition, there is an increasing number of computer-controlled "electronics" that, for example, recognize dangers and can then independently trigger a (full) braking process. Only those who take a holistic view of these safety systems and are familiar with the different systems from different manufacturers are able to properly maintain and repair brakes. This also includes regular further training, current measurement technology and the corresponding tools - such as in the workshops of the 1a autoservice Meister. Brake serviceFrom 100 to zero must go faster than from zero to 100! Depending on the make, model and year of construction, more or fewer components must be included in the testing and maintenance. In general, this includes: Visual inspection of the brake system, electronics, brake lights, inspection of brake pads, brake discs, inspection of brake fluid: level, water content and boiling point, inspection of the brake hoses and brake lines, parking brake or handbrake, if necessary: ​​further electronic diagnostics 1a safety instead of flat-rate bargains: everyone can change brake discs and pads. And everyone actually knows that when changing discs and pads, where not all relevant parts have been checked and, if necessary, readjusted, wear can be much higher or safety can be at stake. We recommend the brake system and always have the individual components checked first. This way you can find out what is going on and what might save you money in the individual positions. Not everything has to be changed / renewed "flat rate" ... Even with brakes: original parts *! Car manufacturers are normally not brake disc manufacturers. Most of them come from the OEM (original equipment manufacturer, OEM) like many other parts of a car and often only differ from the "original" in the logo of the car manufacturer, for brakes, for example, with the Ate or Bosch logo (OEM!) we also use exactly these parts. It remains your decision whether you want to pay more for a brake disc with the vehicle manufacturer logo than for the identical one, which was manufactured on the same machine with the same process and the same materials. * Def. According to GVO (EU) 461/2010 Brake fluid, the "quintessence" of vehicle safety. However, one of the most important components in the brake system is often neglected: the brake fluid. It is hygroscopic, which means: draws water z. B. from the air. Even a water content of over 3% leads to the formation of vapor bubbles due to the high temperature when braking. This reduces the braking force and leads to greater corrosion of the brake lines, so the brake fluid should be changed every two years for safety reasons. If you are not sure when that happened to you, the exam is quick and the change is no big deal. You might also be interested in: Brake service To the appointment planner Autohaus Haster Mühle Services Brake service Contact and how to find us 1a Tips / Flyer 1a autoservice.de All prices in euros including VAT. All prices are without installation, except where explicitly stated. We use cookies to make our website optimal for you and to continuously improve it. You can find more information on this in our data protection declaration. Accept more information