Detail page: 1a car service We make it go. Autohaus Haster Mühle Bramscher Str. 218, 49090 Osnabrück Opening times 0541 61637 MENU SERVICES Exhaust Service Brake Service HU * / AU Inspection & Mobility Guarantee Air Conditioning Service Oil Change Service Tire & Rim Service Repair & Maintenance Shock Absorber & Chassis TIPS & NEWS OUR OFFERS VEHICLE SERVICE FOR YOU * / AU Inspection & Mobility Guarantee Air Conditioning Service Oil Change Service Tire & Rim Service Repair & Maintenance Shock Absorber & Chassis Scroll to top Back to overview Master Tip Gear Oil: ATF change only with cleaning rinse! Whether DSG, CVT (Multitronic) or ASG (automated manual transmission), modern automatic transmissions are something fine. Not only do they offer much more comfortable and relaxed driving, they also adapt to the driving style and ensure greater efficiency. Unfortunately, it is not clear to every driver that the intervals recommended by the manufacturers for changing the oil must also be observed here. Changing the gear oil without flushing makes little sense. Because if you simply turn the drain plug, you often only get half of the oil from the gearbox. Due to the design, around half of the oil quantity remains in the converter and transmission oil cooler. If you simply refill new oil, it mixes with the old oil and the viscosity only improves in part. Residues, deposits and abrasion from the linings of the multi-plate clutch are still in the gear oil and further impair the function. In short: the gearbox does not last and function properly for as long as it should and could. We therefore recommend a thorough flushing with the oil change. This is the only way to thoroughly clean the gearbox and this is the only way to achieve an optimal result. Only pure fresh oil with unused additives ensures that the transmission runs smoothly and at the same time increases the service life. Depending on the demands placed on the vehicle, a complete oil change in the automatic transmission is recommended after 80,000 to 120,000 kilometers, even if this has not yet been officially prescribed by some manufacturers. In order for the gear oil to perform its task - lubricate, cool and protect against corrosion - perfectly, it must be replaced regularly! Welcome to the gear oil change with flushing at your next 1a auto service! You might also be interested in: Today our master tip on the subject of brakes: changing pads and discs yourself? Better not!!!!! Today our master tip on inspection! Master tip - jelly pudding? Attention! Autohaus Haster Mühle Tips & news Detail page Contact and directions 1a Tips / Flyer 1a autoservice.de Data protection information Imprint Login Extranet * Main inspection according to §29 StVZO, carried out by external test engineers from the officially recognized surveillance organizations. On the supply side: All prices in euros including VAT Prices are without installation, except where explicitly stated. We use cookies to make our website optimal for you and to continuously improve it. You can find more information on this in our data protection declaration. Accept more information