Repair & maintenance: 1a autoservice We make it go. Autohaus Haster Mühle Bramscher Str. 218, 49090 Osnabrück Opening times 0541 61637 MENU SERVICES Exhaust Service Brake Service HU * / AU Inspection & Mobility Guarantee Air Conditioning Service Oil Change Service Tire & Rim Service Repair & Maintenance Shock Absorber & Chassis TIPS & NEWS OUR OFFERS VEHICLE SERVICE FOR YOU * / AU Inspection & Mobility Guarantee Air Conditioning Service Oil Change Service Tire & Rim Service Repair & Maintenance Shock Absorber & Chassis Scroll to Top We know your car better than our pocket. 1a systematic diagnosis: No matter what flashes in the dashboard, reports an error, wobbles, cracks and loses liquid or air, with our 1a autoservice Meister you are exactly right . Today, many small controllers, computers and motors control a large number of areas in the car. With modern diagnostic devices, we read out the most complex systems in order to track down errors, diagnose them and then professionally fix them. Even false reports or electronic tastes can be eliminated. All makes, all types and all spare and wear parts. Today, vehicle manufacturers do not manufacture most of the parts themselves. Up to 80% are sourced directly from suppliers or original equipment manufacturers such as Bosch, Osram, Bilstein, Febi or Delphi etc. Thanks to our connection to the parts and information system of 1a autoservice, we can access parts and data at any time. We can do repairs and maintenance faster and shorten your waiting times. You might also be interested in: Inspection & Mobility Guarantee To the appointment planner Autohaus Haster Mühle Services Repair and maintenance Contact and directions 1a Tips / flyer 1a autoservice.de On supply pages: All prices in euros including VAT. All prices are without installation, except where explicitly stated. We use cookies to make our website optimal for you and to continuously improve it. You can find more information on this in our data protection declaration. Accept more information