Air conditioning service: 1a car service We make it go. Autohaus Haster Mühle Bramscher Str. 218, 49090 Osnabrück Opening times 0541 61637 MENU SERVICES Exhaust Service Brake Service HU * / AU Inspection & Mobility Guarantee Air Conditioning Service Oil Change Service Tire & Rim Service Repair & Maintenance Shock Absorber & Chassis TIPS & NEWS OUR OFFERS VEHICLE SERVICE FOR YOU * / AU Inspection & Mobility Guarantee Air Conditioning Service Oil Change Service Tire & Rim Service Repair & Maintenance Shock Absorber & Chassis Scroll Up Important in Summer and Winter: Good Air with 1a Air Conditioning Service. Wellbeing is better and safer.Studies have shown that the risk of accidents in well-air-conditioned vehicles is significantly reduced because the ability to concentrate and react is retained. No air conditioning system is maintenance-free! If you have an automatic air conditioning system with a pre-selected temperature, you will usually not even notice that the system is no longer running properly: not even the perhaps somewhat higher fuel consumption is immediately attributed to the air conditioning system. In order for this to remain within limits, the air conditioning system must function properly. To do this, it should not only be clean (disinfection) and leakproof (hoses / compressor), the refrigerant charge (up to 14% loss / year), which also lubricates the moving parts, must also be correct. With a 1a air conditioning service you get a comfortable climate, are safe from bad smells, high fuel consumption and common bacterial attacks. The 1a air conditioning service: including disinfection and dryer replacement. Cleaning the refrigerant. Supplementing the missing refrigerant. Disinfection of the evaporator. Replacing the dryer. Leakage test. The 1a air conditioning retrofit: We offer professional retrofitting for all not yet air conditioning system owners. Simple, inexpensive and in OEM quality - get advice. You might also be interested in: Inspection & Mobility guarantee HU * / AU To the appointment planner Autohaus Haster Mühle Services Air conditioning service Contact and directions 1a Tips / Flyer 1a autoservice.de recognized surveillance organizations. On the supply side: All prices in euros including VAT. All prices are without installation, except where explicitly stated. We use cookies to make our website optimal for you and to continuously improve it. You can find more information on this in our data protection declaration. Accept more information