Detail page: 1a car service We make it go. Autohaus Haster Mühle Bramscher Str. 218, 49090 Osnabrück Opening times 0541 61637 MENU SERVICES Exhaust Service Brake Service HU * / AU Inspection & Mobility Guarantee Air Conditioning Service Oil Change Service Tire & Rim Service Repair & Maintenance Shock Absorber & Chassis TIPS & NEWS OUR OFFERS VEHICLE SERVICE FOR YOU * / AU Inspection & Mobility Guarantee Air Conditioning Service Oil Change Service Tire & Rim Service Repair & Maintenance Shock Absorber & Chassis Scroll to top Back to overview Diaper and workshop changes are worth it - with a guarantee! The initiative of 1a autoservice says the myth of the contract workshop bond the fight against musty, dirty socks, full diapers, ragged shoes, or even toothbrushes that brush in more than they brush out. Has the limit of the tolerable been reached? Then, of course, there will be a change! And at the auto repair shop? Here, the will to change is slow even with inadequate customer service. Especially when it comes to moving away from the authorized workshop. Repairs or maintenance in independent multi-brand workshops usually pay off without expiring manufacturer's guarantees. "It's worth changing! At your workshop too, ”is the clear appeal of the new 1a autoservice campaign. The initiative wants to anchor the change to free workshop systems as naturally as changing socks or diapers with eye-catching images of everyday objects that need to be replaced. Started in Germany, Austria and Switzerland at the beginning of February, it is supposed to clean up once and for all on online and social media channels with the tale of manufacturer guarantee or quality losses in the choice of free garage concepts. Because: More than three quarters of car owners have remained loyal to their workshop for years, and the trend has remained constant according to studies and the annual DAT report. Ignorance rightly on free choice of workshop, especially after buying a car, many stayed at the dealer's workshop. Why? “Mostly out of ignorance,” says Thomas Schmitz (Coler), who, together with Ursula Kraus (Knoll, Küblbeck, Lorch) and Axel Birngruber (WM SE), is responsible for the marketing management of the 1a autoservice system provider. They know from their 1,500 partner workshops that many car owners, especially those who buy new cars or young ones, are still not aware that they have the right to freely choose a workshop. Without losing manufacturer's guarantees. "This fixed misconception is crying out for clarification," emphasizes Ursula Kraus. Clearly regulated: Free data access for free workshops All inspections, maintenance or repairs can also be carried out by independent workshops that offer multi-brand service according to manufacturer specifications. With trained staff, up-to-date workshop equipment and original or branded spare parts. If the work is also logged or noted in the service booklet, the manufacturer's guarantees are fully retained. These facts have long been regulated by EU regulation. Accordingly, free workshops must be given unrestricted access to all important vehicle information and technical data of all types of vehicles. A limitation of the guarantee to a manufacturer or an authorized workshop has also been confirmed as inadmissible by the Federal Court of Justice in Karlsruhe for Germany, thereby strengthening the back of the independent workshops under competition law. According to the DAT report, they have recorded an increase of around twelve percent in inspection and maintenance over the past ten years. According to the initiators of the change-over campaign from 1a autoservice, a share that will continue to increase in the segment of younger vehicle models in the future. You might also be interested in: 1a TIPS in spring - now available! 1st place in the price-performance ratio More important than any workshop test: your satisfaction! Not only are we convinced of the excellent work of our workshops. Autohaus Haster Mühle Tips & news Detail page Contact and directions 1a Tips / Flyer 1a autoservice.de Data protection information Imprint Login Extranet * Main inspection according to §29 StVZO, carried out by external test engineers from the officially recognized surveillance organizations. On the supply side: All prices in euros including VAT Prices are without installation, except where explicitly stated. We use cookies to make our website optimal for you and to continuously improve it. You can find more information on this in our data protection declaration. Accept more information