Tips & News: 1a car service We make it go. Autohaus Haster Mühle Bramscher Str. 218, 49090 Osnabrück Opening times 0541 61637 MENU SERVICES Exhaust Service Brake Service HU * / AU Inspection & Mobility Guarantee Air Conditioning Service Oil Change Service Tire & Rim Service Repair & Maintenance Shock Absorber & Chassis TIPS & NEWS OUR OFFERS VEHICLE SERVICE FOR YOU * / AU Inspection & Mobility Guarantee Air Conditioning Service Oil Change Service Tire & Rim Service Repair & Maintenance Shock Absorber & Chassis Scroll Up Tips and News from a Master's HandAll TipsAll NewsAll Posts Changing diapers and workshops is worth it - with a guarantee! Cheeky campaign by 1a autoservice clears up workshop errors in 1a TIPS in spring - now available! 1st place in the price-performance ratio The first measure of our campaign "Safe is safe"! GEANU HINSCHAUEN "Safe is safe - an initiative by 1a autoservice" for more safety on the roads Meistertipp gear oil: ATF change only with cleaning rinse ! Today our master tip on the subject of brakes: changing pads and discs yourself? Better not !!!!! Today our master tip on the subject of inspection! Master tip - jelly pudding? Attention! Master tip: Buy parts online!? Is cheaper cheaper? AHK retrofitting ( Retrofit trailer hitch) PRIMA KLIMA One thing is certain, spring is coming and that is good for you. Winter Check 1a Master tip: Jump start Master tip gear oil: ATF change only with cleaning rinse! Whether DSG, CVT (Multitronic) or ASG (automated manual transmission ), modern automatic transmissions are something fine. 1 2 Autohaus Haster Mühle Tips & news Contact and directions 1a Tips / Flyer 1a autoservice.de Data protection information Imprint Login Extranet * Main inspection according to §29 StVZO, carried out by external test engineers of the officially recognized surveillance organizations. On the supply side: All prices in euros including VAT. All prices are without installation, except where explicitly stated. We use cookies to make our website optimal for you and to continuously improve it. You can find more information on this in our data protection declaration. Accept more information