Exhaust service: 1a autoservice We make it go. Autohaus Haster Mühle Bramscher Str. 218, 49090 Osnabrück Opening times 0541 61637 MENU SERVICES Exhaust Service Brake Service HU * / AU Inspection & Mobility Guarantee Air Conditioning Service Oil Change Service Tire & Rim Service Repair & Maintenance Shock Absorber & Chassis TIPS & NEWS OUR OFFERS VEHICLE SERVICE FOR YOU * / AU Inspection & Mobility Guarantee Air Conditioning Service Oil Change Service Tire & Rim Service Repair & Maintenance Shock Absorber & Chassis Scroll Up The Exhaust: Much more than just a silencer and exhaust system. An exhaust pipe is full of technology today: depending on the type of vehicle and engine, measurements are taken, filtered, afterburned, the mixture preparation optimized and yes, also silenced. A change is again a bit more demanding than unscrewing and reassembling. As a so-called exhaust system, the exhaust is also part of the (computer-controlled) engine management. 1a exhaust service: relieve the environment and your wallet! Today, an exhaust pipe usually consists of a manifold, downpipe, catalytic converter or particle filter, pre-, middle, rear silencer and tailpipe. Of course, a complete change with only one defective exhaust part does not really make sense. We also see our task not only in changing only corresponding parts, but where possible, to uncover potential savings in taxes and consumption. Visual inspection, diagnosis, error reading, system reset, update exhaust gas test, if necessary. Creating potential for optimizing consumption and pollutant classes Spare parts in original * or OEM quality * Def. According to GVO (EU) 461/2010 fine dust sticker In 2007 the first driving bans in environmental zones were set up in the Federal Republic. Vehicles without an environmental badge may not enter an environmental zone, otherwise there is a risk of fines and a point in Flensburg. It does not matter whether the vehicle is polluted or not. The sticker that is to be attached to the lower right of the front protective window is relevant. You can find the current environmental zones in Germany here. Better pollutant classes for petrol engines with EURO 1, EURO 2. Since 01/2001 all newly registered cars have to meet pollutant class EURO 3 and since 01/2006 EURO 4. If your vehicle was registered before 2001, retrofitting is highly recommended. Especially if the existing catalytic converter has to be replaced anyway due to wear and tear, you should use the option to upgrade. CAT retrofitting is possible for all common models. The registration office then enters the new pollutant class in the vehicle letter and reports it to the tax office. A "cleaner" pollutant class also means less strain on the wallet. You can get information on your pollutant class conversion and professional installation from your nearest, friendly 1a autoservice workshop. DPF / Diesel Particulate Filter. There is currently no government funding (as of 9/2016), but retrofitting (or changing if it is defective) makes double sense. Because the environment is relieved and the vehicle value increases. We would be happy to tell you personally what makes the most sense for your diesel vehicle. We offer: Analysis and advice DPF cleaning or renewal DPF retrofitting All at fair prices and with parts from original equipment manufacturers (OEM) such as HJS and Twintec. Retrofit the cold run controller and save vehicle taxes. For over 10 million vehicles that still drive with EURO 1, twice as much vehicle tax is still paid as is actually necessary. Over 300 vehicle types can be converted easily, quickly and cheaply to Euro 2 or D3 and immediately save up to 55% vehicle tax! For example, a BMW 318 without a cold run controller costs EUR 272.34 a year. After the conversion only 132.48 euros. The cold run controller, also known as the "magic nozzle", will pay for your gasoline engine in less than two years. You might also be interested in: Oil Change Service Shock Absorber & Chassis To the Appointment Planner Autohaus Haster Mühle Services Exhaust Service Contact and Directions 1a Tips / Flyer 1a autoservice.de On the supply side: All prices in euros including VAT. All prices are without installation, except where explicitly stated. We use cookies to make our website optimal for you and to continuously improve it. You can find more information on this in our data protection declaration. Accept more information