MENU Home Repairs & maintenance Tail lifts Paint shop spray booth paintwork General repairs Technical inspection Insulations VDRP ECP Options Projects Construction commercial vehicles Klégé Be-combi Transfer of loading platform Photos Partners Contact nl fr en Privacy Privacy policy This website is owned by Van Dyck Repair & Projects nv Contact details: Address registered office : Rouwbergskens 12 2340 Beerse Belgium Phone: 014 61 00 08 E-mail: info@vdrp.be Company number: BE 0899.005.205 The supervisory authority: Van Dyck Repair & Projects nv By accessing and using the website you declare yourself expressly agree to the following terms and conditions. Intellectual property rights The content of this site, including the brands, logos, drawings, data, product or company names, texts, images, etc. are protected by intellectual rights and belong to Van Dyck Repair & Projects nv or entitled third parties. Limitation of Liability The information on the website is of a general nature. The information is not adapted to personal or specific circumstances and therefore cannot be considered as personal, professional or legal advice to the user. Van Dyck Repair & Projects nv makes every effort to ensure that the information made available is complete, correct, accurate and updated. Despite these efforts, inaccuracies can occur in the information provided. If the information provided contains inaccuracies or if certain information on or via the site is unavailable, Van Dyck Repair & Projects nv will make every effort to rectify this as soon as possible. However, Van Dyck Repair & Projects nv cannot be held liable for direct or indirect damage resulting from the use of the information on this site. If you find inaccuracies in the information made available through the site, you can contact the site administrator. The content of the site (including links) can be adapted, changed or supplemented at any time without notice or notification. Van Dyck Repair & Projects nv does not guarantee the proper functioning of the website and can in no way be held liable for malfunction or temporary (un) availability of the website or for any form of damage, direct or indirect, that would result from access to or use of the website. Under no circumstances can Van Dyck Repair & Projects nv be held liable to anyone, directly or indirectly, in any special or other way, for damage due to the use of this site or any other, in particular as a result of links or hyperlinks, including, without limitation, all losses, work interruptions, corruption of programs or other data on the computer system, equipment, software or other of the user. The website may contain hyperlinks to websites or pages of third parties, or refer to them indirectly. Placing links to these websites or pages in no way implies implicit approval of their content. Van Dyck Repair & Projects nv expressly declares that it has no control over the content or other characteristics of these websites and can in no way be held liable for the content or characteristics thereof or for any other form of damage resulting from its use. Applicable law and competent courts Belgian law applies to this site. In the event of a dispute, only the courts of the district of Antwerp have jurisdiction. Privacy policy Van Dyck Repair & Projects nv attaches great importance to your privacy. Although most of the information on this site is available without the need to provide any personal information, it is possible that the user will be asked for personal information. This information will only be used in the context of our customer management to keep you informed of our activities. The user can always object, free of charge and on request, to the use of his data for direct marketing. To this end, he will contact Van Dyck Repair & Projects nv, Rouwbergskens 12 2340 Beerse, info@vdrp.be. Your personal data will never be passed on to third parties. In accordance with the Personal Data Processing Act of 08/12/1992, the user has a legal right to inspect and possibly correct his personal data. Subject to proof of identity (copy of identity card), you can obtain a written notification of your personal data free of charge via a written, dated and signed request to Van Dyck Repair & Projects nv, Rouwbergskens 12 2340 Beerse, info@vdrp.be. If necessary, you can also ask to correct the data that would be incorrect, incomplete or irrelevant. Van Dyck Repair & Projects nv can collect anonymous or aggregated data of a non-personal nature, such as browser type or IP address, the operating program you use or the domain name of the website through which you came to our website, or through which you who leaves. This makes it possible for us to continuously optimize our website for users. The use of "cookies" During a visit to the site, "cookies" can be placed on the hard drive of your computer and this only to better tailor the site to the needs of the returning visitor. These mini files or cookies are not used to check the surfing behavior of the visitor on other websites. Your internet browser allows you to prevent the use of cookies, to receive a warning when a cookie is installed or to delete the cookies from your hard drive afterwards. Consult the help function of your internet browser. Home Repairs & maintenance Insulations Construction commercial vehicles Photos Partners Contact Van Dyck Repair & Projects NV Rouwbergskens 12 2340 Beerse Belgium TEL: 014 61 00 08 FAX: 014 61 81 78 E-mail: info@vdrp.be VAT: BE 0899.005.205 Copyright © 2018 - Van Dyck Repair & Projects NV. All rights reserved - Privacy policy