NRF | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog NRF Home Brands NRF Group: NRF NRFSevelopment, production and distribution of cooling systems NRF has been operating since 1927 in the production of radiators, radiant masses, air exchangers, oil exchangers, cooling systems with 'u' tube bundle and components of air conditioning systems and has become one of the major manufacturers. And NRF doesn't stop at production alone. NRF develops and manufactures the most advanced heat exchange systems. NRF products are used in many sectors around the world. NRF includes among its customers large car manufacturers, industrial companies, shipyards and of course also the aftermarket. Our products are found in the most complex applications. Choosing NRF means choosing quality and assistance.Production and development in Europe The production and distribution centers of NRF are strategically positioned throughout Europe. Thanks to a warehouse containing over 7,000 different aftermarket items, NRF is able to respond quickly and competently to your needs. Even if you need a customized product, NRF offers you a suitable solution. The extensive design and testing facilities ensure that the cooling systems comply with the highest standards. NRF Catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan STC Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search a service or an Altieri Service store BRC GAS SERVICE ELECTRIC WORKSHOP OF ALTIERI MATTEOVIA PO, 5/7, Eboli (SA) Service Details GO TO THE MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 Read more Follow us on Your reviews Thanks Danio for the courtesy and professionalism MarcoLondero - agarossi danio The best independent quality We have teamed up to be large, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts