SACHS | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Research Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog SACHS Home Brands SACHS Group: Sachs Versatile, complete and convincing: the profile of the SACHS brand OE quality SACHS products are made with the highest quality materials based on the most innovative technologies. They are also a guarantee of high performance and reliability. For this reason, many of the most renowned manufacturers equip their vehicles as standard with SACHS products: more than 10 million new vehicles with SACHS shock absorbers leave the factories every year. SACHS also supplies high-quality clutches for the OEM and after-sales markets.The history of SACHSThe origins of the SACHS brand date back to 1894, when the tool manufacturer Ernst Sachs, from whom the company takes its name, filed its first patent application for bicycle wheel hubs. The following year Sachs together with the merchant and financier Karl Fichtel founded the "Schweinfurter Präzisionskugellager-Werke Fichtel & Sachs". Today as then, the philosophy is always the same: to stand out clearly from the competition not only as regards the quality and innovation of the products, but also for customer service. Quality beyond the borders SACHS offers products for multiple fields of application, covering almost all types of vehicles. This applies to both the European and Asian automotive markets. Today, only in Europe, the SACHS spare parts catalog includes shock absorbers for more than 38 million Asian vehicles from various car manufacturers. Commercial partners, workshops and vehicle owners can therefore rest assured and rely on the quality of SACHS products for the entire model range. Motor sport competence ZF actively engages with SACHS in the professional motor sport sector. As the official supplier of numerous teams, SACHS has contributed to over 100 victories, gaining extensive experience in the racing world. These skills are in turn used for the development and production of SACHS products. Each SACHS product therefore contains a good part of knowledge deriving from motor sports. SACHS Catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV Sando Sidat Spidan STC Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search a service or a sanisnc store Service Giadi Garage Sani Giovanni SncVia di Moriano Loc. Monte San Quirico 78, Lucca (LU) Details Service Giadi GO TO THE MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 Read all Follow us on Your reviews Excellent fantastic people Chiara77 - agarossi danio The best independent quality We have teamed up to be great, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts