Massimo Bellini Mechanical Workshop | Mechanical Workshop Bellini Massimo, Calvisano (BS) | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why join us Contact us Promotions Blog Mechanical Workshop Bellini Massimo Calvisano (BS ) Service AD ​​Home Service AD ​​Officina Meccanica Bellini Massimo Officina Meccanica Bellini Massimo Service AD ​​Zoom map Via Brescia 6225012, Calvisano (BS) Tel .: 030 968088 maxbellini71mb@gmail.com Website Weekday hours: 08:00 - 12:00 Weekday hours : 14:00 - 18:00 Preferred times: 08:00 - 12:00 adgiadi.com/n/bellinimassimo Description and services Images Feedbacks (0) Officina Meccanica Bellini Massimo Mechanical workshop capable of working on any type of car, and which has all the basic skills and equipment to guarantee quality and efficiency on the repairs carried out. The workshop operates in compliance with the "Pact with the Motorist", guaranteeing the Group's criteria of transparency and professionalism. It achieves a continuous growth of skills through the technical training plans made available to all affiliates, and is characterized by efficiency and responsiveness in dealing with problems related to the continuous technological development of the park in circulation on a daily basis. The operators of the workshop are professionals who place the network at the highest levels in the independent car repair sector, thanks to the enthusiasm and passion that are fundamental elements of their work. Services offered Periodic maintenance Seasonal CheckUp Checking / Refilling Liquids Replacing the wiper blades Coupon Car Warranty Mother House (EU Law 461/2010) Certificate coupon Engine repair services Maintenance / Injector Replacement Maintenance / Replacement Water Pump and / or Thermostat Maintenance / Replacement Water radiator and / or oil Maintenance / Replacement EGR Valve Replacement of Spark Plugs / Glow Plugs / Spark Plug Cables / Lambda Probes Checking Engine Oil Leaks Checking / Replacing Belt / Chain Kit Timing and / or Services Checking / Replacing Brake Hoses CheckUp Braking System Adjusting Parking Brake Replacement of Brake Discs Replacement of brake shoes Replacement of brake pads Replacement of brake drums Test and replacement of brake fluid Steering and suspensions Maintenance / Replacement of steering gear and / or components Maintenance / Replacement of electric power steering (city) Maintenance / Replacement of suspensions / shock absorber Maintenance Ion / Replacement Linkage (swing arm and components) Axle and differential repair Maintenance / Differential Replacement Maintenance / Replacement Wheel Hub and / or Bearing Maintenance / Replacement Drive shafts and / or CV joint Exhaust system Exhaust Gas Control Maintenance / Catalyst Replacement Maintenance / DPF / FAP Replacement Maintenance / Replacement Muffler Heating, cooling and air conditioning Maintenance / Repair System Maintenance / Replacement Filter Deitrator / Dryer Refill Gas Refrigerant Transmission and Clutch Maintenance Automatic Transmission Maintenance Manual Transmission Maintenance / Replacement Cylinder and Clutch Pump Replacement Clutch Kit Electrical System Diagnosis Computerized Maintenance / Replacement Battery Maintenance / Replacement Projector Repair / Replacement Alternator Repair / Replacement Electric Window Regulator Repair / Replacement Central Lock Repair / Replacement ne Lamps Repair / Replacement Starter Motor Roadside Assistance AAA Tow Truck ... PLUS Services Maintenance / Installation Electronic Burglar Alarm POS Bancomat POS Credit Card Prerequisites Car Review Motorcycle Review No feedback entered. Do you want to be the first to write it? Search for a service or a store de cao Service Giadi DE CAO E MASIERO SNCVia del Lavoro 112, Trissino (VI) Details Service Giadi GO TO THE MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 Read more Follow us on Your Reviews Thanks Danio for the courtesy and professionalism MarcoLondero - agarossi danio The best independent quality We have teamed up to be great, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts