azzoli augusto | AZZOLI GOMME by Augusto Azzoli, Terracina (LT) | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog azzoli augusto Terracina (LT) Service Giadi Home Service Giadi azzoli augusto AZZOLI GOMME by Augusto Azzoli Service Giadi Zoom map Via Appia 9004019, Terracina (LT) Cell .: 3284130799 azzoligomme@libero.it Weekdays: 08:30 - 13:00 Weekdays: 14:30 - 14 : 30 Preferred times: 08:30 - 13:00 adgiadi.com/n/azzoliaugusto Description and services Images Feedbacks (0) azzoli augusto Mechanical workshop capable of working on any type of car, and which has all the skills and basic equipment to guarantee quality and efficiency on repairs carried out. The workshop operates in compliance with the "Pact with the Motorist", guaranteeing the Group's criteria of transparency and professionalism. It achieves a continuous growth of skills through the technical training plans made available to all affiliates, and is characterized by efficiency and responsiveness in dealing with problems related to the continuous technological development of the park in circulation on a daily basis. The operators of the workshop are professionals who place the network at the highest levels in the independent car repair sector, thanks to the enthusiasm and passion that are fundamental elements of their work. Services offered Periodic maintenance Seasonal check-up Checking / topping up of liquid Replacing the wiper blades Coupon car under warranty Mother house (EU law 461/2010) Coupon certificate Engine repair services Engine performance analysis Maintenance / Injector replacement Maintenance / Replacement of water pump and / or thermostat Maintenance / Replacement Water and / or oil radiator Maintenance / Replacement Turbocharger Maintenance / Replacement EGR Valve Maintenance / Replacement Valves Engine Adjustment Head Grinder Replacement Spark Plugs / Glow Plugs / Cables Spark Plugs / Lambda Probes Engine Replacement Head Replacement Check Engine Oil Leak Check / Replace Kit Belt / Chain Distribution and / or Services Check / Replacement Brake Hoses CheckUp Brake System Adjusting Parking Brake Replacement Brake Discs Replacement Brake Shoes Replacement Brake Pads Replacement Brake Drums Test and Replacement Brake Fluid Steering and suspension Maintenance / Replacement Steering gear and / or components Maintenance / Replacement Electric power steering (city) Maintenance / Replacement Suspensions / Shock absorber Maintenance / Replacement Linkage (swinging arm and components) Repair of axles and differential Maintenance / Replacement Differential Maintenance / Replacement Wheel Hub and / o Bearing Maintenance / Replacement Drive shafts and / or CV joint Heating, cooling and air conditioning System Maintenance / Repair Plant Maintenance / Replacement Filter Deitrator / Dryer Refill Gas Refrigerant Sanitization Transmission and Clutch System Automatic gearbox washer Maintenance Automatic Gearboxes Maintenance Manual Transmission Maintenance / Replacement Cylinder and Clutch Pump Replacement Clutch Kit Oil Replacement Automatic Transmission Electrical System Computerized Diagnosis Maintenance / Battery Replacement Maintenance / Headlight Replacement Repair / Replacement Alternator Ripa ration / Replacement Electric Window Lift Repair / Replacement Central Lock Repair / Replacement Lamps Repair / Replacement Starter Repair / Replacement Sunroof Tires Balancing Tires (balancing) Change of Seasonal Tires Storage of Seasonal Tires Repair / Replacement of Tires Tire Rotation (inversion) Bodywork Polishing Headlights Road Opening Locks Tire change Undercarriage Tools Vehicle start-up (battery) AAA ... Services PLUS POS ATM POS Credit Card Pre-reviews Car Revision Motorcycle Revision Tuning No feedback entered. Do you want to be the first to write it? Search for a service or store ferrari srl Service AD ​​Ferrari SrlIndustrial Area Loc. Piano Venna ND, Guardiagrele (CH) Details Service AD ​​GO TO MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog News from the world AD Europe - December 19 Updates and news from AD Europe world Read more Follow us on Your reviews Thank you Danio for your courtesy and professionalism MarcoLondero - agarossi danio The best independent quality We have teamed up to be large, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts