Trw | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why join us Contact us Promotions Blog Trw Home Brands Trw Group: Trw Who we are TRW Aftermarket is a world leader in the development of quality vehicle safety products. Our brake, steering, suspension and shock absorbers components, components for industrial vehicles and motorbikes, and maintenance equipment offer an excellent level of engineering quality and an innovative design. They are also known for the rigorous tests they undergo, both internally and in independent laboratories. Global Class and Dissemination By making world-class components and services, TRW is a globally known name. We have 60,000 employees in 200 facilities located in 26 countries and are suppliers of 40 of the major vehicle manufacturers for over 250 models. We feed a constantly growing aftermarket distribution network with OE (first plant) and IAM (independent aftermarket) products, offering support to numerous operators with economically advantageous and reliable technology and logical and clear assembly instructions. Our key values ​​TRW can count on a century of experience in the development of innovative products and on the maximum commitment to quality. Our foundations are made up of three key values: energy to ensure innovation, inventiveness and 100% customer orientation. That's why we create "all in one" solutions and design our products to ensure a simple and safe installation. Excellence means offering the same commitment and attention to detail in our relationships with customers that we put in our diversified product range. , a fundamental value. Our total understanding of your needs guarantees us the perfect arrangement to create the right components, assembly kits, services and technology. TRW solutions save time and money, provide inspiration for customers and work perfectly longer. TRW Aftermarket is part of a company with a heritage of excellence to shape the future. Contact us and your company will become part of the story. Trw Catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan STC UFI filters Valeo ZF Search a service or a store b auto Service Giadi B Auto Autofficina Plurimarche Via C. Pizzoni 31, Perugia (PG) Details Service Giadi GO TO MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog News from the world AD Europe - December 19 Updates and news from the world AD Europe Read more Follow us on Your reviews Excellent fantastic people Chiara77 - agarossi danio The best independent quality We have teamed up to be great, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts