The best brands of auto parts manufacturers Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why join us Contact us Promotions Blog Selected and certified spare parts Home Brands I our quality suppliers The best aftermarket and original equipment spare parts are the ideal solution for the maintenance of your car and for your peace of mind. All the treated components are supplied by the major brands and manufacturers of international auto parts, are approved and meet the quality and safety requirements of the European Community. To give you maximum guarantee and to ensure high quality in our offer, we commit ourselves never to treat spare parts whose origin is not certified. List of brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan STC Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search a service or a store Service Giadi auto nel bosco snc Service Giadi AUTO DAL BOSCO SNC of DAL BOSCO PAOLO and GIACOMOVIA DEI LAGHI 32, Altavilla Vicentina (VI) Details Service Giadi GO TO MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 Read more Follow us on Your reviews thanks Sandro, for the assistance. Chiara77 - burlin auto center The best independent quality We have teamed up to be large, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts