Service, customer service, spare parts & lock-lock steering cylinder protection - Agricultural technology Oberlausitz from Löbau Skip navigation Start NEWS Business takeover trailer Zumpe in-house exhibition 2019 Training fair Löbau 2018 VALTRA T174 with Lemken cultivator VALTRA Goldstück VALTRA T234 in action in Oberlausitz About us A short introduction Contacts Support in the Region Sales of Valtra tractors Agricultural technology VALTRA tractors A-series Small A-series N-series T-series S-series VALTRA generators ROSTSELMASH harvesting machines RSM 161 TORUM 760 farm and telescopic loader Manitou Schäffer care and grassland technology Lemken crop protection ELHO fella humus smoke transport and Gülletechnik Joskin Demmler Lomma Trailer Soil cultivation technology Köckerling Lemken Other Stoll Front loader Humbaur Business takeover Trailer Zumpe 2020 Trailer overview / configurator Price highlights Trailer rental Municipal and motor equipment Offers STIHL devices STIHL motor devices VIKING Garden tools TYM tractors GRILLO Westermann sweep broom Unterreiner forest equipment Endress power generator service & spare parts service TÜV - test center AGRICARB, THE SOLUTION AGAINST WEAR ... steering cylinder lock "block fix" spare parts bargain market% used lawn mowers & lawn tractors ENDRESS power generators forest equipment grassland technology good customer service ensures the reliability of your agricultural machine! Our service for agricultural machinery and tractors is comprehensive, competent and fast! The requirements for repairing agricultural machinery and tractors have increased significantly, especially in the last decade. Above all, the introduction of electronic control, the use of GPS, the linking of technological processes and increasing monitoring of work quality places ever higher demands on the qualifications, experience and skills of employees. In order to be able to cope with the requirements of modern repairs, our staff is continuously trained: We intensively perceive new products. We are here for you! And we are there for you 24 hours a day - 7 days a week - evenings or weekends. You can always reach us via our central number: 03585 4685-0! Or you simply select our employees directly! Tractor repairs: We are your partner when it comes to repairing tractors and harvesting machines. But we also repair damage quickly and inexpensively for other agricultural machines. On-site service: It is often cheaper and faster to carry out repairs or diagnostics directly on the farm. Our service vehicles are equipped accordingly and travel quickly. Tire service: We offer you tires for tractors and agricultural machinery including assembly at a great price-performance ratio. We grind the knives of your loader wagon, ... quickly, cheaply and above all in high quality! Hydraulic service at Landtechnik Oberlausitz GmbH We manufacture hydraulic hoses, fuel hoses, hydraulic pipes in all different designs, and keep many different hydraulic parts in stock. Also: hydraulic hoses low pressure u. Return hoses suction hoses washing machines u. Steam jet hoses Manure, dirty water and irrigation hoses Hydraulic cylinders Hydraulic pipe fittings and pipes Metric fittings Inch, JIC, flat sealing and much more ... Pipes, hydraulic couplings in various designs, plug-in, screw, flat sealing etc. ... Pressure gauges from 6-1000 bar ball and three-way valves Pipe clamps and brackets abrasion protection adapter hydraulic cylinder hydraulic top link hydraulic pumps for tractors, construction machines, aggregates, forestry machines ... piston pumps oil motors, gear motors, steering valves control, switching, non-return, throttle, pressure limitation, compensation, pressure sequence, shutdown, flow control valves, etc. ... and ball eyes, clevises cylinder seals (rods and piston seals) O-rings filters (suction, pressure and return) oil coolers with and without fans diaphragm accumulators hydraulic units and much more ... TÜV test center your reliable and competent test center. We convince in our workshop with a wide range of services. As a test base in connection with TÜV / DEKRA we carry out main and exhaust gas tests as well as safety and UVV tests. With our vehicle inspection you are always on the safe side. If we find any defects, we can fix them immediately in our workshop. This saves you time and money. A brake test bench of the latest generation also enables general inspections on agricultural trailers, cars, trucks and buses. Make an appointment at: 03585 4685-0 Laser wheel alignment Very important, in order to avoid one-sided tire wear, the correct setting of the track is very important. We carry out laser wheel alignment and wheel alignment on tractors and agricultural machines of all brands. Contact person: workshop manager Jan Melchior 03585 4685 -18 Do you have any questions? Name Company Telephone Mandatory field E-Mail * Message I consent to the processing of my data * I have read the data protection declaration. I agree that my details and personal data for contacting and queries will be saved permanently. You can revoke your consent at any time for the future by email to info@landtechnik-oberlausitz.de. Submit Landtechnik Oberlausitz GmbH Oppelner Hauptstr. 8 Löbau OT Kittlitz 02708 Kittlitz Telephone: 03585 - 46850 Fax: 03585 - 468520 E-Mail: info@landtechnik-oberlausitz.de Skip navigation Contact Imprint Data protection Web design by EDB GmbH