TORUM 760 - Agricultural technology Upper Lusatia from Löbau Menu Skip navigation Start NEWS Business takeover Trailer Zumpe In-house exhibition 2019 Training fair Löbau 2018 VALTRA T174 with Lemken cultivator VALTRA gold piece VALTRA T234 in use in Upper Lusatia About us A short introduction Contacts Support in the region Sales of Valtra tractors agricultural technology VALTRA Tractors A-Series Small A-Series N-Series T-Series S-Series VALTRA Generators ROSTSELMASH Harvesters RSM 161 TORUM 760 Farm and Telescopic Loaders Manitou Schäffer Care and Grassland Technology Lemken Plant Protection ELHO Fella Humus Rauch Transport and Manure Technology Joskin Demmler Lomma Trailer Soil Cultivation Technology Köckerling Lemken Other Stoll Frontloader Humbaur Takeover Trailer Zumpe 2020 Trailer Overview / Configurator Price Highlights Trailer Rental Municipal & Motor Equipment Offers STIHL Equipment STIHL Equipment VIKING Garden Equipment TYM Tractors GRILLO Westermann Sweepers Unter pure forest equipment Endress power generator service & spare parts service TÜV - test base AGRICARB, THE SOLUTION AGAINST WEAR ... steering lock "blockierfix" spare parts bargain market% used lawn mowers & lawn tractors ENDRESS power generator forestry equipment grassland technology The Torum 760 is one of the most powerful and efficient rotor combine harvesters in the world. The range of plants to be harvested ranges from wheat to corn to rice. These combine harvesters are particularly suitable for farms with large acreage and high yields as well as for inter-farm use. The more throughput a machine has, the more effectively it can be operated. Due to the innovative ARS * threshing unit, the TORUM can harvest outstandingly large crops under the most extreme conditions, which is rather difficult for standard rotor combine harvesters. The uniqueness is that instead of the traditional bar chain inclined conveyor, three conveyor drums with special conveyor elements are used. As a result, a more even and stable flow of the crop is achieved and the threshing performance increases. Inclined conveyors with conveyor drums accelerate the mass before entering the rotor. Research has shown that, compared to conventional bar chain inclined conveyors, a conveyor drum inclined conveyor increases the capacity of the rotor by 20% and reduces the power requirement by 15%. A feed drum inclined conveyor is particularly efficient when the crop or rice is not dry. Another uniqueness is the concave rotation, which ensures self-cleaning. By turning the concave there are no dead zones. The mass of the crop always remains in motion and therefore there is no blockage of the rotor. In addition, the power requirement is 8-10% lower. Furthermore, he can continue to work in the event of humidity (e.g. evening / night hours) where others have long since to stop. Landtechnik Oberlausitz GmbH Oppelner Hauptstr. 8 Löbau OT Kittlitz 02708 Kittlitz Telephone: 03585 - 46850 Fax: 03585 - 468520 E-Mail: info@landtechnik-oberlausitz.de Skip navigation Contact Imprint Data protection Web design by EDB GmbH