Support - Agricultural Technology Upper Lusatia from Löbau Skip navigation Start NEWS Business takeover trailer Zumpe in-house exhibition 2019 Training fair Löbau 2018 VALTRA T174 with Lemken cultivator VALTRA Goldstück VALTRA T234 in use in Upper Lusatia About us A brief introduction Contacts Support in the region Sales of Valtra tractors Agricultural technology VALTRA tractors A-series Small A-series N-series T-series S-series VALTRA generators ROSTSELMASH harvesting machines RSM 161 TORUM 760 yard and telescopic loader Manitou Schäffer care and grassland technology Lemken crop protection ELHO Fella humus smoke transport and slurry technology Joskin Demmler Lomma trailer tillage technology Köckerling Lemken Miscellaneous Stoll front loader Humbaur Business takeover Trailer Zumpe 2020 Trailer overview / configurator Price highlights Trailer rental Municipal and motor equipment Offers STIHL equipment STIHL equipment VIKING garden equipment TYM tractors GRILLO Westermann brooms Unterreiner forest equipment Endress power generator service & spare parts service TÜV - test base AGRICARB, THE SOLUTION AGAINST WEAR ... steering cylinder lock "blockierfix" spare parts bargain market% used lawn mowers & lawn tractors ENDRESS power generators forest equipment grassland technology agricultural technology support in the region Visit from the school center in Kittlitz during the summer holidays 2017. Our company is down-to-earth and closely connected to Upper Lusatia and Lower Silesia. That is why we support clubs and children's institutions as much as possible. The after-school care center likes to use the opportunity to introduce the children to the most modern and historical agricultural technology. On the other hand, this facility also supports us with its opportunities to look after the children's club at our in-house exhibition. But there are also good connections with other clubs. The Heimat- und Schloßverein Kittlitz e.V. and the Faschingsclub Kittlitz e.V. Advertisement in Kittlitz Aktuell Landtechnik Oberlausitz GmbH Oppelner Hauptstr. 8 Löbau OT Kittlitz 02708 Kittlitz Telephone: 03585 - 46850 Fax: 03585 - 468520 E-Mail: info@landtechnik-oberlausitz.de Skip navigation Contact Imprint Data protection Web design by EDB GmbH