RSM 161 - Agricultural Technology Upper Lusatia from Löbau Skip navigation Start NEWS Takeover of the trailer Zumpe in-house exhibition 2019 Training fair Löbau 2018 VALTRA T174 with Lemken cultivator VALTRA Goldstück VALTRA T234 in use in Upper Lusatia About us A short introduction Contacts Support in the region Sales of Valtra tractors agricultural technology VALTRA Tractors A-series Small A-series N-series T-series S-series VALTRA generators ROSTSELMASH harvesting machines RSM 161 TORUM 760 farm and telescopic loaders Manitou Schäffer care and grassland technology Lemken crop protection ELHO fella humus smoke transport and slurry technology Joskin Demmler Lomma trailer tillage technology Köckerling Lemken Other Stoll Frontloader Humbaur Business Takeover Trailer Zumpe 2020 Trailer Overview / Configurator Price Highlights Trailer Rental Municipal & Motor Equipment Offers STIHL Equipment STIHL Equipment VIKING Garden Equipment TYM Tractors GRILLO Westermann Sweeping Broom Unterre iner forest equipment Endress power generator service & spare parts service TÜV - test center AGRICARB, THE SOLUTION AGAINST WEAR ... steering cylinder lock "blockierfix" spare parts bargain market% used lawn mowers & lawn tractors ENDRESS power generator forestry equipment grassland technology The device Tetra Processor is a special feature that enables the adjustment of the two main baskets. The basket distance can be adjusted electrohydraulically from the front and rear, separately. For this, eight pre-settings are stored in the on-board computer and the driver has the option of assigning storage locations with his own settings (including speeds, sieve settings and blower). The 3 threshing drums with a total threshing area of ​​3.3 m² and a shaker area of ​​6.1 m² (total 9.4 m²) separate the grain optimally and ensure gentle straw processing, even under the most difficult operating conditions. The Tetra Processor threshing device consists of a threshing drum with a unique 800 mm diameter and ten blow bars, a reversing drum with a 320 mm diameter and a rotary separator with a 750 mm diameter. Thanks to these requirements and the feed width of 1,650 mm, the RSM 161 has a work rate of up to 45 tons per hour. The 6.1 sqm total area of ​​the 6 shakers with 5 drop levels are highly efficient in connection with the separate post-threshing system. The speed of the straw walkers is selected so that a maximum separation of the grain from the straw-chaff mixture is guaranteed. Efficient cleaning system OptiFlow To separate the grain-chaff mixture, the OptiFlow (2-stage cleaning system) is used, which has a patented sieve suspension has an area of ​​7.1 m². A strong, optimized air flow, a large drop height and a row of tines on the preparation floor optimize cleaning. The “wave screen” technology (the combs are of different sizes) is used on the top screen. This patented solution distributes the air flow more evenly and avoids clogging in the sieves of cereals with ears that have a high proportion of awns. A 2-part six-chamber drum blower (32 blades) is used in the cleaning device. The speed / airflow is controlled from the cabin and displayed on the Adviser III control panel. The sieves are set electrically from the cabin. Hydraulic 3D slope compensation for the screen box is available as an option. Landtechnik Oberlausitz GmbH Oppelner Hauptstr. 8 Löbau OT Kittlitz 02708 Kittlitz Telephone: 03585 - 46850 Fax: 03585 - 468520 E-Mail: info@landtechnik-oberlausitz.de Skip navigation Contact Imprint Data protection Web design by EDB GmbH