AGRICARB, THE SOLUTION AGAINST WEAR ... - Agricultural technology Upper Lusatia from Löbau Skip navigation Start NEWS Business takeover Trailer Zumpe In-house exhibition 2019 Training fair Löbau 2018 VALTRA T174 with Lemken cultivator VALTRA gold piece VALTRA T234 in use in Upper Lusatia About us A short introduction Contacts Support in the region Sales von Valtra tractors agricultural technology VALTRA tractors A-series Small A-series N-series T-series S-series VALTRA generators ROSTSELMASH harvesting machines RSM 161 TORUM 760 farm and telescopic loader Manitou Schäffer care and grassland technology Lemken crop protection ELHO Fella humus smoke transport and slurry technology Joskin Demmler Lomma trailer tillage technology Köckerling Lemken other Stoll front loader Humbaur business takeover trailer Zumpe 2020 trailer overview / configurator price highlights trailer rental municipal and motor equipment offers STIHL equipment STIHL motor equipment VIKING garden equipment TYM tractors GRILLO Westermann sweeping broom Unterreiner forest equipment Endress power generator service & spare parts service TÜV - test center AGRICARB, THE SOLUTION AGAINST WEAR ... steering cylinder protection "blockierfix" spare parts . A LIFETIME 3 TO 7 TIMES LONGER ... New working methods, as well as the performance potential of the tractors and climatic fluctuations are factors that contribute to wear. Carbide is the perfect material for these challenges. From the processing of the carbide powder to the finished end product, AGRICARB masters the entire manufacturing process. If you have any questions, we will be happy to advise you ... Name Company Telephone Mandatory field E-Mail * Message Mandatory field Captcha * What is the sum of 6 and 3? Do not fill in this field I consent to the processing of my data * I have read the privacy policy. I agree that my details and personal data for contacting and queries will be saved permanently. You can revoke your consent at any time for the future by email to info@landtechnik-oberlausitz.de. Submit Landtechnik Oberlausitz GmbH Oppelner Hauptstr. 8 Löbau OT Kittlitz 02708 Kittlitz Telephone: 03585 - 46850 Fax: 03585 - 468520 E-Mail: info@landtechnik-oberlausitz.de Skip navigation Contact Imprint Data protection Web design by EDB GmbH