Company data protection - Agricultural technology Upper Lusatia from Löbau Skip navigation Start NEWS Business takeover Trailer Zumpe In-house exhibition 2019 Training fair Löbau 2018 VALTRA T174 with Lemken cultivator VALTRA gold piece VALTRA T234 in use in Upper Lusatia About us A brief introduction Contacts Support in the region Sales of Valtra tractors agricultural technology VALTRA tractors A series Small A series N series T series S series VALTRA generators ROSTSELMASH harvesting machines RSM 161 TORUM 760 farm and telescopic loaders Manitou Schäffer care and grassland technology Lemken crop protection ELHO Fella humus smoke transport and slurry technology Joskin Demmler Lomma trailer tillage technology Köckerling Lemken Other Stoll Frontloader Humbaur Takeover Trailer Zumpe 2020 Trailer overview / configurator Price highlights Trailer rental Municipal and motor equipment Offers STIHL equipment STIHL motor equipment VIKING garden equipment TYM tractors GRILLO Westerma nn sweeping broom Unterreiner forest equipment Endress power generator service & spare parts service TÜV - test base AGRICARB, THE SOLUTION AGAINST WEAR ... steering lock "blockierfix" spare parts bargain market% used lawn mowers & lawn tractors ENDRESS power generators forest equipment grassland technology agricultural technology Maximum performance through top-efficient machines. Data protection declaration 1. Data protection at a glance General information The following information provides a simple overview of what happens to your personal data when you visit our website. Personal data is all data with which you can be personally identified. You can find detailed information on the subject of data protection in our data protection declaration below this text. Data collection on our website Who is responsible for data collection on this website? The data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. You can find their contact details in the imprint of this website. How do we collect your data? On the one hand, your data is collected by you communicating it to us. This can e.g. are data that you enter in a contact form. Our IT systems automatically collect other data when you visit the website. This is primarily technical data (e.g. internet browser, operating system or time of the page visit). This data is recorded automatically as soon as you enter our website. What do we use your data for? Part of the data is collected to ensure that the website is provided correctly. Other data can be used to analyze your user behavior. What rights do you have regarding your data? You have the right to receive information about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data at any time free of charge. You also have the right to request that this data be corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about data protection. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. Analysis tools and tools from third-party providers When you visit our website, your surfing behavior can be statistically evaluated. This happens primarily with cookies and with so-called analysis programs. Your surfing behavior is usually analyzed anonymously; the surfing behavior cannot be traced back to you. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. You can find detailed information on this in the following data protection declaration. You can object to this analysis. We will inform you about the possibilities of objection in this data protection declaration. 2. General information and mandatory information Data protection The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration. When you use this website, various personal data are collected. Personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. This data protection declaration explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this is done. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from access by third parties. Note on the responsible body The responsible body for data processing on this website is: Landtechnik Oberlausitz GmbH Oppelner Hauptstr. 8 Löbau OT Kittlitz 02708 Kittlitz Phone: 03585 - 46850 Email: info@landtechnik-oberlausitz.de The responsible body is the natural or legal person who, alone or together with others, discusses the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names , Email addresses, etc.) decides. Revocation of your consent to data processing Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal email to us. The legality of the data processing carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. Right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority In the event of data protection violations, the person concerned has the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. The responsible supervisory authority for data protection issues is the state data protection officer of the federal state in which our company is based. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html. Right to data portability You have the right to have data that we process automatically based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract handed over to you or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you request the direct transfer of the data to another person responsible, this will only take place if it is technically feasible. SSL or TLS encryption For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or inquiries that you send to us as the site operator, this site uses SSL or. TLS encryption. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from “http: //” to “https: //” and by the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data that you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties. Information, blocking, deletion You have the right to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, the right to correction, blocking or deletion of this data. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about personal data. Objection to advertising emails We hereby object to the use of contact data published within the scope of the imprint for sending unsolicited advertising and information material. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam e-mails. 3. Data collection on our website Cookies Some of the websites use so-called cookies. Cookies do no damage to your computer and contain no viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective and safer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted. Cookies that are required to carry out the electronic communication process or to provide certain functions you require (e.g. shopping cart function) are set on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR saved. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. Insofar as other cookies (e.g. cookies for analyzing your surfing behavior) are stored, these are treated separately in this data protection declaration. Server log files The website provider automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are: Browser type and browser version Operating system used Referrer URL Host name of the accessing computer Time of the server request IP address A combination of this data with other data sources is not carried out. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures. Contact form If you send us inquiries using the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the inquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. We will not pass on this data without your consent. The processing of the data entered in the contact form takes place exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 a GDPR). You can withdraw this consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal email to us. The legality of the data processing operations carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. The data you enter in the contact form will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory legal provisions - especially retention periods - remain unaffected. 4. Plugins and tools YouTube Our website uses plugins from the Google-operated YouTube site. The website is operated by YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. If you visit one of our pages equipped with a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers will be established. The YouTube server is informed which of our pages you have visited. If you are logged into your YouTube account, you enable YouTube to assign your surfing behavior directly to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account. YouTube is used in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Further information on the handling of user data can be found in YouTube's data protection declaration at: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. OpenStreetMap We use the map service from OpenStreetMap (OSM). The provider is the Open Street Map Foundation (OSMF), 132 Maney Hill Road, Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, B72 1JU, United Kingdom. If you visit a website on which OpenStreetMap is integrated, a. Your IP address and further information about your behavior on this website will be forwarded to the OSMF. For this, OpenStreetMap may save cookies in your browser. These are text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. You can prevent the storage of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. Your location can also be recorded if you do this in your device settings - e.g. B. on your cell phone - have approved. The provider of this page has no influence on this data transmission. Details can be found in the data protection declaration of OpenStreetMap under the following link: https://wiki.osmfoundation.org/wiki/Privacy_Policy. OpenStreetMap is used in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers and an easy findability of the places we have indicated on the website. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If a corresponding consent was requested (e.g. consent to the storage of cookies), the processing takes place exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the consent can be revoked at any time. Landtechnik Oberlausitz GmbH Oppelner Hauptstr. 8 Löbau OT Kittlitz 02708 Kittlitz Telephone: 03585 - 46850 Fax: 03585 - 468520 E-Mail: info@landtechnik-oberlausitz.de Skip navigation Contact Imprint Data protection Web design by EDB GmbH