Valtra T-Series - Your working Machine - Agricultural technology Upper Lusatia from Löbau Skip menu navigation NEWS Business takeover Trailer Zumpe In-house exhibition 2019 Training fair Löbau 2018 VALTRA T174 with Lemken cultivator VALTRA Goldstück VALTRA T234 in use in Upper Lusatia About us A short introduction Contacts Support in the region Sales of Valtra tractors agricultural technology VALTRA tractors A-series Small A-series N-series T-series S-series VALTRA generators ROSTSELMASH harvesting machines RSM 161 TORUM 760 farm and telescopic loader Manitou Schäffer care and grassland technology Lemken plant protection ELHO Fella humus smoke transport and slurry technology Joskin Demmler Lomma Trailer Soil cultivation technology Köckerling Lemken Other Stoll Frontloader Humbaur Business takeover Trailer Zumpe 2020 Trailer overview / configurator Price highlights Trailer rental Municipal and motor equipment Offers STIHL devices STIHL motor devices VIKING garden tools TYM tractors GRILL O Westermann sweeping broom Unterreiner forest equipment Endress power generator service & spare parts service TÜV - test base AGRICARB, THE SOLUTION AGAINST WEAR ... steering cylinder lock "blockierfix" spare parts bargain market% used lawn mowers & lawn tractors ENDRESS power generators forest equipment grassland technology Valtra T-series Your working machine THE COMPLETELY NEW T-SERIES With the development of the new T series, we reinvented the tractor from scratch. We Finns don't talk much. But we listen to our customers. You gave us your three most important reasons for choosing a Valtra: reliability, low operating costs and ease of use. With this in mind, we have developed the 4th generation T-series. We have been building tractors for over 60 years. We have brought this enormous wealth of experience into the development of the new T-series. The tractors are designed for the diverse requirement profiles of our customers and for the most demanding conditions. We are proud of the result. This tractor fits you perfectly. »Learn more UNBEATABLE SELECTION The Valtra T-Series offers you more choice than any other brand. With the support of our experienced sales staff, you can have your own tractor tailored to your specific needs. For example, you can choose between six different performance classes and five transmission-hydraulic combinations: Hitech, HiTech with HiTrol, Active, Versu and Direct. Valtra's T-series models with HiTech and Active gearboxes are available with a standard control panel or the practical and comfortable Valtra ARM armrest. HITECH THE NEW VALTRA SmartTouch ARMREST of the N series SmartTouch - The unmistakable influence of Finnish design and engineering. More intuitive than your smartphone. Settings are easily accessible: just tap twice or slide your finger across the display. Read more about the new Valtra SmartTouch armrest ACTIVE 5 PS, with load-sensing hydraulic system Mechanical hydraulic control Valtra Active is a revolutionary power shift technology, in which a load-controlled hydraulic system with a pump output of up to 200 l / min, a hydraulic assistant as well as separate hydraulic and gear oils are used. For hi-tech and active gearboxes, the shifting is computer-controlled, i.e. H. without mechanical gear lever. On request, these tractors can be equipped with a user-friendly grip control or a special armrest, via the integrated mini gear selector lever and speed controller, any gear can be selected. VERSU 5 HP, with load-sensing hydraulic system Electric hydraulic control Valtra SmartTouch arm with display Easy gear and hydraulic adjustment Valtra Versu is the culmination of the new generation of powershift transmissions, with electronic hydraulic control, a hydraulic assistant, a pump output of 115, 160 or 200 liters as well as separate hydraulic and gear oils. For operation, the automatic or manual mode can be selected with the drive lever. The Versu transmission combines the user-friendliness of a powershift transmission with the flexibility of a continuously variable transmission. DIRECT CVT Continuously variable transmission with load-sensing hydraulic system Electric hydraulic control Valtra SmartTouch arm with display The flagship of the product family. The driving lever allows you to regulate the driving speed only with your right hand. The various speed settings have been further optimized. In addition, we even offer manual transmission control, which is indispensable when cultivating some special crops. Model Max.power with boost (ISO 14396) Gearbox variant PS kW Nm HiTech Active Versu Direct T144 170 125 680 xxxx T154 180 132 740 xxxx T174e 190 140 780 xxxx T194 210 154 870 xxxx T214 230 169 910 xxxx T234 250 184 930 xxxx T254 271 199 1000 xxx With 250 HP and 1000 NM you always have reserves Perfect for agriculture - brings the power to the ground The best ground clearance on the market 600 hours of free travel between service appointments More space where it is needed - at your seat Driving like on clouds with the pneumatic suspension Turn the seat, not your head when you drive backwards Hollow the Sigma Power Boost for your PTO work Switch to the next stage of driving with power shifting Back Forward GUIDED TOUR OF THE NEW T-SERIES> Landtechnik Oberlausitz GmbH Oppelner Hauptstr. 8 Löbau OT Kittlitz 02708 Kittlitz Telephone: 03585 - 46850 Fax: 03585 - 468520 E-Mail: info@landtechnik-oberlausitz.de Skip navigation Contact Imprint Data protection Web design by EDB GmbH