Valtra N-Series - Clever, Compact, Powerful - Agricultural technology Oberlausitz from Löbau Skip navigation Start NEWS Business takeover Trailer Zumpe In-house exhibition 2019 Training fair Löbau 2018 VALTRA T174 with Lemken cultivator VALTRA Goldstück VALTRA T234 in use in Oberlausitz About us A short introduction Contacts Support in in the region Sales of Valtra tractors agricultural technology VALTRA tractors A-series Small A-series N-series T-series S-series VALTRA generators ROSTSELMASH harvesting machines RSM 161 TORUM 760 farm and telescopic loader Manitou Schäffer care and grassland technology Lemken crop protection ELHO fella humus smoke transport und Gülletechnik Joskin Demmler Lomma Trailer Soil cultivation technology Köckerling Lemken Other Stoll Front loader Humbaur Business takeover Trailer Zumpe 2020 Trailer overview / configurator Price highlights Trailer rental Municipal and power equipment Offers STIHL equipment STIHL power equipment VIKING garden equipment TYM tractors GRILLO Westermann sweeping broom Unterreiner forest equipment Endress power generator service & spare parts service TÜV - test base AGRICARB, THE SOLUTION AGAINST WEAR ... steering cylinder lock "blockierfix" spare parts bargain market% used lawn mowers & lawn tractors ENDRESS power generators forest equipment grassland technology Valtra N-series Clever compact from Valtra the new N-series The new N-Series from Valtra drives like a compact tractor, but it works like a big one. Despite the most powerful engine in this class, thanks to great maneuverability, the tractors are also suitable for more delicate tasks. Longer maintenance intervals and reduced fuel consumption also ensure minimal operating costs. Product video Tour Video ASR animation The perfect engine CLEVER, COMPACT, POWERFUL Tractors of the N series come with the most powerful and lively 4-cylinder engine with innovative "SCR only" technology on the market, which has an output of up to 185 HP and a torque of up to 730 Nm developed. The intelligent engine power management delivers up to 20 additional horsepower for PTO and transport applications and shines with the reliability and clever power control that is typical of AGCO Power. Simply automate THE NEW VALTRA SmartTouch ARMREST of the N series SmartTouch - The unmistakable influence of Finnish design and engineering. More intuitive than your smartphone. Settings are easily accessible: just tap twice or slide your finger across the display. Read more about the new Valtra SmartTouch armrest Better grip LESS SLIP, MORE TRACTION The anti-slip control (ASR) minimizes the wheel slip, ensures effective transmission of power to the floor and also reduces fuel consumption. If necessary, all-wheel drive and differential lock are activated automatically. Smarter solutions OUR TECHNOLOGY, YOUR PRODUCTIVITY The automated steering not only saves time, fuel and material, but also reduces performance fluctuations. The AgCommand telemetry system gives you convenient access to all important machine data. Space and controls Quality you can see but not hear The unique, outwardly curved shape of the cabin offers you more space exactly where you need it: at elbow and shoulder height. The window surface of approximately 7 m² gives you an unprecedented overview. The cabin narrows towards the front to make room for the exhaust pipe and the intake opening located high up. Thanks to the TwinTrac reversing device, the driver's seat rotates as standard by 180 ° and the generously dimensioned footwell in the rear, this tractor is predestined for working in reverse. As with every Valtra tractor, the pleasant silence in the cab is also striking in the N series. Due to the solid, perfectly closing door (s) (depending on version 1 or 2), the excellent noise insulation and the smaller number of holes, the noise level in the cabin is only approx. 70 dB. The noise level does not increase even under rough operating conditions. Best view SEE MORE MEANS BETTER WORK With the Valtra 365 day concept, the cabin offers you optimal view in every direction: whether during the day or at night, in summer or winter, in reverse or when using the front loader. The new SkyView cabin option gives you the ultimate view to the rear and the roof window at the front for the best view when using the front loader. Thanks to the slim design of the posts and exhaust, you will not miss anything. The 270 ° windshield wiper ensures optimal visibility through the heated windshield in any weather. And with the LED work lights you have everything in view at night. The dashboard can also be darkened to reduce the interior lighting of the cabin and thus improve the view outside. With the help of two security cameras, you can always keep an eye on couplings and attachments. Ease of use Ease of use Work harder, not smarter. With the new 5-speed powershift transmissions and the continuously variable transmission, you have everything under control with a simple flick of your finger. Use the drive lever to drive and the joystick to control the hydraulics. Four different seating options are available, from the mechanically suspended seat to the air-suspended Valtra Evolution top model with integrated active air conditioning. There are also two cab suspensions: the luxurious pneumatic AutoComfort suspension and a newly developed mechanical suspension. The working day is long, which is why we have integrated a refrigerator compartment so that your food stays fresh. Service MAINTENANCE MADE EASY Regular maintenance work, such as checking the oil level or filter cleaning, is quick and easy and the long maintenance interval of 600 operating hours significantly reduces the overall costs. Comfort MAKE YOU COMFORTABLE Sit back and enjoy your work! Thanks to the comfortable driver's seat, pneumatic or mechanical cab suspension, efficient air conditioning and a noise level of less than 70 dB, you can simply work better and, if necessary, work longer. Versatility PREPARED FOR EVERYTHING - WITHOUT COMPROMISE No day is the same in the field. That is why we have trimmed every tractor in the N series to achieve optimum performance in all conceivable areas of application, whether agriculture, mixed farming, animal husbandry, forestry, contract work or municipal tasks. Superior power THE WORKER FOR EVERY APPLICATION The N-series flexes its muscles in all tasks: It not only offers a lifting force of a proud 78 kN, but also ensures that none of the four wheels make contact with the ground thanks to the optimal wheelbase and balanced weight distribution loses. A hydraulic output of up to 200 l / min in combination with front and rear PTO allows the use of a wide variety of attachments. Impressive maneuverability FULLY USE EVEN IN THE NARREST AREAS A turning radius of just 4.5 m and the adjustable QuickSteer function ensure extreme maneuverability even when using the integrated front loader with hydraulic assistants or the front linkage. The TwinTrac reversing device enables simple and efficient work even when reversing. Efficient contract work FOR THE TOUGHEST CONDITIONS. Eco mode allows fuel consumption to be reduced by up to 10%, especially for municipal use and transport on the road. For forestry and other intensive operations, choose the greater ground clearance and an underbody protection plate. UNBEATABLE SELECTION The Valtra N-Series offers you more choices than any other brand. With the support of our experienced sales staff, you can have your own tractor tailored to your specific needs. For example, you can choose between six different performance classes and five transmission-hydraulic combinations: Hitech, HiTech with HiTrol, Active, Versu and Direct. Valtra's N-series models with HiTech and Active transmissions are available with a standard control panel or the Valtra ARM armrest, which is as practical as it is comfortable. HITECH 5 HP, with open-center hydraulic system 73/90 liters Mechanical hydraulic control HiTech is also available with an optional turbo coupling, which ensures an even higher level of comfort and precision in front loader and municipal applications. ACTIVE 5 HP, with load-sensing hydraulic system Mechanical hydraulic control Valtra Active is a revolutionary power shift technology that uses load-controlled hydraulics with a pump output of up to 200 l / min, a hydraulic assistant and separate hydraulic and transmission oils . For hi-tech and active gearboxes, the shifting is computer-controlled, i.e. H. without mechanical gear lever. On request, these tractors can be equipped with a user-friendly grip control or a special armrest, via the integrated mini gear selector lever and speed controller, any gear can be selected. VERSU 5 HP, with load-sensing hydraulic system Electric hydraulic control Valtra SmartTouch arm with display Easy gear and hydraulic adjustment Valtra Versu is the culmination of the new generation of powershift transmissions, with electronic hydraulic control, a hydraulic assistant, a pump output of 115, 160 or 200 liters as well as separate hydraulic and gear oils. For operation, the automatic or manual mode can be selected with the drive lever. The Versu transmission combines the user-friendliness of a powershift transmission with the flexibility of a continuously variable transmission. DIRECT CVT Continuously variable transmission with load-sensing hydraulic system Electric hydraulic control Valtra SmartTouch arm with display The flagship of the product family. The driving lever allows you to regulate the driving speed only with your right hand. The various speed settings have been further optimized. In addition, we even offer manual transmission control, which is indispensable when cultivating some special crops. THE NEW VALTRA SmartTouch ARMREST of the N series SmartTouch - The unmistakable influence of Finnish design and engineering. More intuitive than your smartphone. Settings are easily accessible: just tap twice or slide your finger across the display. Read more about the new Valtra SmartTouch armrest Configure tractor UNBEATABLE OPTIONS Create your own N-series tractor using the interactive configurator. Simple and efficient or equipped for special operations or with a little more luxury? Choose the level of equipment that best suits you and your company, d. H. Valtra Redline, à la carte or unlimited and continue to configure on this basis. RedLine CHEAP AND GOOD: VALTRA REDLINE The powerful N series from Valtra is for everyone. Valtra Redline is an uncomplicated, affordable solution for customers who value the essential. If you are interested in a specific Valtra Redline offer, please contact the nearest dealer. À la carte À LA CARTE Configure your individual tractor with the support of a Valtra dealer or online with hundreds of options. This is how we ensure that you receive a machine that exactly meets your requirements. Unlimited VALTRA UNLIMITED With Valtra Unlimited you have access to almost endless possibilities. Equip your tailor-made tractor e.g. B. with special tires or attachments, special paint or chromed exhaust pipes. Treat yourself to a little luxury, e.g. B. a leather seat cover or tinted windows. You can also meet other functional requirements of your operations by adding additional lighting, hydraulic pumps, special couplings, forestry equipment, etc. The prerequisite is legal and technical feasibility. Every Unlimited equipment feature is assembled in the factory and is subject to the statutory warranty. There are hardly any limits to your imagination! »Learn more Landtechnik Oberlausitz GmbH Oppelner Hauptstr. 8 Löbau OT Kittlitz 02708 Kittlitz Telephone: 03585 - 46850 Fax: 03585 - 468520 E-Mail: info@landtechnik-oberlausitz.de Skip navigation Contact Imprint Data protection Web design by EDB GmbH