Fater Motorgeräte GmbH Ovelgönne - Your specialist dealer Company Services STIHL VIKING MTD Wolf EXPERT Rental equipment Catalogs Used equipment Contact Unnamed document chainsaw MS 170 30 cm only € 179.00 Blower BR 200 D only € 424.00 RMI 422 Special price: € 899.00 - Welcome to our website. Your browser cannot play this sound document. It contains a performance of the European anthem. We are here for you! Our shop is open, but the shop door is closed with the request to make a brief statement. You will then be given individual access. This is the only way we can guarantee the health of you, the customer and our employees. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation. Your team from Torture Motorgeräte GmbH The second generation family business was founded in 1964 by Mr. Walter Torture. At that time it started with a Rheinpreussen petrol station and a repair workshop for motor vehicles. His son, Mr. Michael Torture, took over the business in 1986 and expanded it to become today's motor vehicle specialist. We have been a repair workshop for motor equipment for more than 34 years and have been Stihl's main dealer for more than 28 years. We, the Raiffeisen Warengenossenschaft Wesermarsch e.G. have taken over the business as an independent company on 01.01.2020 and continue to operate as a specialist dealer for motor equipment. Nothing changes for you as a customer. However, the most important thing is the training of our employees, because lawn robots and battery technology in particular are developing rapidly and require constant further training. We are very happy to meet this obligation and for us it is corporate security for the future. As STIHL and VIKING dealers, we attach great importance to qualified advice. And because trying is more than studying, you can test STIHL and VIKING devices with us at any time without obligation. After the purchase, we are your contact for all service questions. Your service team from Folter Motorgeräte GmbH Copyright 2018 © by Folter Motorgeräte GmbH • Ovelgönne • All rights reserved • Imprint designed by Haferbeck Design • Data protection