Heusden-Zolder tow truck | Takelienst Blondeel Contact us 0495 42 25 77 Home Transport Takelienst Garage Photos Contact Your towing service region Limburg 24/24 available Our tow truck is ready. For example, in the event of a breakdown, defect, accident or other times when your car no longer gets where it should go independently. 24 hours a day Our towing service is also available 24 hours a day and 7 days a week for emergencies. We have suitable tow trucks in Heusden-Zolder for both domestic and foreign assignments. Blondeel towing service can handle passenger cars, but also light trucks, 4x4s, sports cars, trailers, vans, limousines, and even boats. As long as the vehicle or vessel has a maximum weight of 4 tons, everything can be discussed. A long journey is also possible, because we are active throughout Europe. Safe and responsible Our towing service also works at an affordable price. We do everything we can to bring your car to the specified address in a safe and responsible manner, taking into account the timetable you have drawn up. With us, the customer is king! Your questions are welcome Would you like to use our services, such as roadside assistance with our tow trucks? Please contact Takelienst Blondeel in Heusden-Zolder via the contact page of this website! Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Shifting service Blondeel - Breakdown service - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Breakdown service Breakdown service Blondeel - Lifting service Lifting service Blondeel - Lifting service Street map Lifting service Blondeel Watertorenstraat 30 3550 Heusden-Zolder - Belgium Location Gsm: 0495 42 25 77 Fax: 011 57 52 85 info@blondeelmichel.be VAT BE0771 244 129 Adjust cookie settings Dear users, this site saves cookies on your computer. The aim is to improve your experience on our website while offering you more personalized services. If you would like more information about the cookies we use, please see our Privacy Policy. By accepting cookies, you agree to their use. You can also adjust the settings of the cookies. If you refuse, your data will not be kept when you visit this site. Only one cookie is used in your browser to remember your preference of not being tracked. Adjust settings Accept all cookies and continue to the site back Adjust cookie settings Strictly necessary cookies These cookies are absolutely necessary for the proper functioning of the site and cannot be deactivated. They do not store personal information. The analytical cookies enable us to improve the performance of our site by measuring the number of visits and the origin of the internet traffic. All data collected is completely anonymous. In addition, social cookies are used to communicate with our own social networks such as Bizbookchannel and to allow visitors to post messages with their Bizbookchannel account on the platform of this site. Advertising cookies These cookies can be activated to provide you with content and advertising tailored to your interests on other sites and social networks. If you do not accept these cookies, less relevant content and advertising will be offered. Tracking pixel The tracking pixel allows social network platforms (LinkedIn, Facebook ...) to track your navigation on our site and to create a target audience of people with whom you have a connection based on your interests. The data collected is anonymous. For example, we are able to offer you content and advertising in accordance with your preferences on these platforms. VALIDATE