Car transport Heusden-Zolder | Towing service Blondeel Contact us 0495 42 25 77 Home Transport Towing service Garage Photos Contact Your towing service region Limburg 24/24 available Transporting cars in Belgium and the rest of Europe Transporting a car in Heusden-Zolder and surroundings: everyone will have to deal with it sooner or later . Whether it is because your car has to be taken to a repair place, or after an accident to the junkyard. Blondeel TAKE SERVICE is the company of choice to assist you with this. Also outside our national borders But you can also call on us for vehicles that have to be brought abroad, for example. After all, we are not afraid to operate outside Belgium's borders. This can also come in handy, for example, if your car breaks down abroad. Up to four cars at the same time We cannot only transport passenger cars. Our services are also available for light trucks, 4x4s, sports cars, boats, trailers, caravans, vans and limos. Freight transport is also not out of the question at Blondeel. You see, nothing is too much for us. We transport almost everything, as long as it does not weigh more than 40 tons. We can also move across Europe. We also do not transport more than four cars at the same time. Call on our services Want to call on our roadside assistance or our services to transport cars? Please contact Takelienst Blondeel in Heusden-Zolder via the contact page of this website! Transport service Blondeel - Transport Transport service Blondeel - Transport Transport service Blondeel - Transport transport service Blondeel - Transport transport service Blondeel - Transport transport service Blondeel - Transport transport service Blondeel - Transport transport service Blondeel - Transport transport service Blondeel - Transport transport service Blondeel - Transport transport service Blondeel - Transport transport service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport Transport service Blondeel - Transport Transport service Blondeel - Transport Transport service Blondeel - Transport Transport service Blondeel - Transport Transport service Blondeel - Transport Takeliens t Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport TAKE service Blondeel - Transport Street map TAKE service Blondeel Watertorenstraat 30 3550 Heusden-Zolder - Belgium Location Mobile: 0495 42 25 77 Fax: 011 57 52 85 info@blondeelmichel.be VAT BE0771 244 129 Cookie settings customize Dear users, this site stores cookies on your computer. The aim is to improve your experience on our website while offering you more personalized services. If you would like more information about the cookies we use, please see our Privacy Policy. By accepting cookies, you agree to their use. You can also adjust the settings of the cookies. If you refuse, your data will not be kept when you visit this site. Only one cookie is used in your browser to remember your preference of not being tracked. Adjust settings Accept all cookies and continue to the site back Adjust cookie settings Strictly necessary cookies These cookies are absolutely necessary for the proper functioning of the site and cannot be deactivated. They do not store personal information. The analytical cookies enable us to improve the performance of our site by measuring the number of visits and the origin of the internet traffic. All data collected is completely anonymous. In addition, social cookies are used to communicate with our own social networks such as Bizbookchannel and to allow visitors to post messages with their Bizbookchannel account on the platform of this site. Advertising cookies These cookies can be activated to provide you with content and advertising tailored to your interests on other sites and social networks. If you do not accept these cookies, less relevant content and advertising will be offered. Tracking pixel The tracking pixel allows social network platforms (LinkedIn, Facebook ...) to track your navigation on our site and to create a target audience of people with whom you have a connection based on your interests. The data collected is anonymous. For example, we are able to offer you content and advertising in accordance with your preferences on these platforms. VALIDATE