Roadside assistance Heusden-Zolder | Towing service Blondeel Contact us 0495 42 25 77 Home Transport Towing service Garage Photos Contact Your towing service region Limburg 24/24 available Contact us for your breakdown assistance Do you urgently need a towing service or breakdown assistance in Heusden-Zolder and surroundings? Or would you like to make an appointment for minor or major maintenance? You can contact Takelienst Blondeel for all these matters. We provide a smooth service, taking into account your timetable and all possible wishes that you pass on. So contact us quickly using the information below, and make use of our services. You will not regret it, because with us your satisfaction is the biggest goal! Information request from your website Name * Address Telephone E-mail * Comment * I accept the general conditions of use Please confirm that you are not a robot. Street map Takelienst Blondeel Watertorenstraat 30 3550 Heusden-Zolder - Belgium Location Mobile: 0495 42 25 77 Fax: 011 57 52 85 info@blondeelmichel.be VAT BE0771 244 129 Adjust cookie settings Dear users, this site saves cookies on your computer. The aim is to improve your experience on our website while offering you more personalized services. If you would like more information about the cookies we use, please see our Privacy Policy. By accepting cookies, you agree to their use. You can also adjust the settings of the cookies. If you refuse, your data will not be kept when you visit this site. Only one cookie is used in your browser to remember your preference of not being tracked. Adjust settings Accept all cookies and continue to the site back Adjust cookie settings Strictly necessary cookies These cookies are absolutely necessary for the proper functioning of the site and cannot be deactivated. They do not store personal information. The analytical cookies enable us to improve the performance of our site by measuring the number of visits and the origin of the internet traffic. All data collected is completely anonymous. In addition, social cookies are used to communicate with our own social networks such as Bizbookchannel and to allow visitors to post messages with their Bizbookchannel account on the platform of this site. Advertising cookies These cookies can be activated to provide you with content and advertising tailored to your interests on other sites and social networks. If you do not accept these cookies, less relevant content and advertising will be offered. Tracking pixel The tracking pixel allows social network platforms (LinkedIn, Facebook ...) to track your navigation on our site and to create a target audience of people with whom you have a connection based on your interests. The data collected is anonymous. For example, we are able to offer you content and advertising in accordance with your preferences on these platforms. VALIDATE