Towing service Heusden-Zolder | Blondeel Michel: garage, transport, breakdown assistance Contact us 0495 42 25 77 Home Transport Towing service Garage Photos Contact Your towing service region Limburg 24/24 available Towing service Blondeel, also for repairs and transport region Heusden-Zolder With a large pallet of hoisting and transport services Blondeel, your towing service in Heusden-Zolder, the reference in the Limburg region and surroundings. Business manager Michel Blondeel knows better than anyone how to transport or hoist a car safely with many tow trucks that are ready for you. Repairs at competitive prices Our hoisting and transport services are available both at home and abroad. In other words, we can transport your car from Hasselt to Ostend and from Belgium to Greece. We always take your wishes into account. In addition, you can also contact Blondeel for maintenance and repairs of your car, of any brand. We do this at a correct price, and we do everything we can to ensure that maintenance is carried out in perfect conditions, so that it can have the longest possible service life. Contact us Would you like to call on our towing service, breakdown assistance or our transport? Or would you like to make an appointment for a maintenance or repair? Please contact Blondeel Takelienst via the contact page. We are available seven days a week and 24 hours a day! Transport Transport of cars and other means of transport, you can leave that to Blondeel where your car is treated with the utmost care. This way you can always sleep on both ears. Link Towing Service If your car is broken down by the side of the road, you can contact our towing service at any time of the day. We will help you as quickly as possible so that you can continue immediately. Link Garage Of course you want the maintenance and repairs of your car to be done in a professional manner, but not too much. Let that be our great strengths. Link Street map Takelienst Blondeel Watertorenstraat 30 3550 Heusden-Zolder - Belgium Location Mobile: 0495 42 25 77 Fax: 011 57 52 85 info@blondeelmichel.be VAT BE0771 244 129 Adjust cookie settings Dear users, this site saves cookies on your computer. The aim is to improve your experience on our website while offering you more personalized services. If you would like more information about the cookies we use, please see our Privacy Policy. By accepting cookies, you agree to their use. You can also adjust the settings of the cookies. If you refuse, your data will not be kept when you visit this site. Only one cookie is used in your browser to remember your preference of not being tracked. Adjust settings Accept all cookies and continue to the site back Adjust cookie settings Strictly necessary cookies These cookies are absolutely necessary for the proper functioning of the site and cannot be deactivated. They do not store personal information. The analytical cookies enable us to improve the performance of our site by measuring the number of visits and the origin of the internet traffic. All data collected is completely anonymous. In addition, social cookies are used to communicate with our own social networks such as Bizbookchannel and to allow visitors to post messages with their Bizbookchannel account on the platform of this site. Advertising cookies These cookies can be activated to provide you with content and advertising tailored to your interests on other sites and social networks. If you do not accept these cookies, less relevant content and advertising will be offered. Tracking pixel The tracking pixel allows social network platforms (LinkedIn, Facebook ...) to track your navigation on our site and to create a target audience of people with whom you have a connection based on your interests. The data collected is anonymous. For example, we are able to offer you content and advertising in accordance with your preferences on these platforms. VALIDATE