Cookies - Policy Our cookie policy Proximedia NV uses cookies to make your online experience better and more pleasant. They also serve to better tailor the content of our websites to your needs and preferences. You can refuse the installation of cookies, but in that case certain parts of our sites will not function or their use will not be optimal. As long as you continue to surf without changing your cookie settings and if you click on the "Accept cookies" link, we will assume that you accept the installation of cookies. What is a cookie? A cookie is a small text file that is stored by a web server in the browser of your computer or mobile device when you visit the website. The cookie contains a unique code that allows your browser to be recognized when you visit the website (called a "session cookie") or if you surf the site again later (called a "persistent cookie"). Cookies can be placed by the server of the website you visit or by partners with whom this website collaborates. A website's server can only read the cookies it has placed itself; it cannot access information on your computer or mobile device. Cookies are stored on your computer or mobile device in your browser folder. The content of a cookie generally consists of the name of the server that placed the cookie, an expiration date and a unique encrypted code. Cookies generally provide an easier and faster interaction between the visitor and the website. They help the visitor to navigate between the different parts of the website. Cookies can also be used to make the content of a website more relevant. The same goes for advertising on a website. This also makes it possible to adapt them to the preferences and needs of the visitor. Cookie management You can refuse the installation of cookies via the settings of your browser. You will find on this site how to refuse cookies in the most commonly used browsers. You can also delete the cookies already installed on your computer or mobile device at any time. All personal data in the cookies remain on the user's computer. This means that no one else should have access to it, but we still remind you of our privacy policy (see our privacy policy). List of necessary cookies Name Default value Expiry period Description CookieGDPR 0 +1 year Registration of the choice validating the acceptance of all cookies CookieGDPRAD 0 +1 year Registration of the choice validating the acceptance of advertising cookies CookieGDPRTracking 0 +1 year Registration of the choice validating the acceptance of all cookies acceptance of tracking cookies validates mobile 0 +1 month Registration of the choice of how the site is displayed when the mobile version is chosen instead of the desktop version preferedLanguage and +1 month Registration of the language choice of the visitor cart +1 day Anonymous contents of the shopping cart. This is reset to zero once the order is completed. infoShopMondialRelay only the session duration Save anonymous information regarding the chosen delivery point when placing an order via e-commerce deliveryKey only the session duration Save the anonymous choice of delivery method when placing an order via e-commerce codePromoValid +1 hour Temporary information about the validation of the last promo code used during an e-commerce order paymentMode only the session duration Temporary information about the choice of payment method during an e-commerce order couponCodePost only the session duration Temporary information about the use of a coupon linked to a zip code , at the time of the e-commerce order categoriesOrder only the session duration Save the sorting method that the visitor has chosen to rank the product lists on e-commerce display product only the session duration Save the choice of the product display method on the pages with productl istings of e-commerce catalog_wishlist +1 year Saving the list of products the visitor has added as a favorite on e-commerce cart-SITEID +1 day Saving the visitor's shopping cart on e-commerce orderOrigin +1 year Saving sorting information of the offered real estate orderWay +1 year Storing information about the sorting direction of the offered real estate long +30 days Current language of the visitor domain +1 year Domain name of the site cookie_log +1 year tok +30 days Token of the visitor linked to the e-commerce or extranet site callrkey +4 hours Unique key used to link a visitor by telephone to our website mondialRelayAct only the session duration Save the feedback information from the Mondial Relay service after choosing the delivery point when placing an e-commerce order customDeliveryType only the session duration Saving information that allows to choose the chosen delivery method if choosing a delivery method via e-commerce customDelivery only the session duration Save the chosen date and time when choosing a delivery method via e-commerce display only the session duration Save the way of listing listings in table, list or column PHPSESSID only session duration CONSENT 12/31/2037 google.com List of advertising cookies We do not use advertising cookies on our site. List of tracking cookies Name Default value Expiry period Description TRADEDOUBLER +1 year Tracking cookie for tradedoubler.com to optimize e-commerce urlCURObject +1 day Saving the web address of the last visited product on e-commerce in order to optimize the navigation IDE +1 month doubleclick.net __atuvc +1 year addthis.com gwcc +4 months loc +1 year mus +1 month addthis.com na_id +1 hour addthis.com na_tc +6 month addthis.com ouid +1 month addthis. com ssc +3 days addthis.com uid +1 hour addthis.com from +1 hour addthis.com uvc +1 month addthis.com List of cookies linked to social networks Name Default value Expiry period Description retrievesocial +1 year Determines whether the connection with social networks is active to post messages in the Bizbook directory with your social network account bizBookFrogModule only the session duration Save the visitor's Bizbook login to enable the addition of social messages on www.bizbookchannel.be calibrate name_UserLogedBizbook +1 year Name of the user who is a member of the social network Bizbookchannel name_FirstnameLogedBizbook +1 year First name of the user who is a member of the social network Bizbookchannel send_message only the session duration Save information about the success of the last message is posted on the social network Bizbookchannel Post_mail_log only the session duration Save tracking information about the status of the visitor's account on the social network Bizbookchannel