Garage Heusden-Zolder | Towing service Blondeel Contact us 0495 42 25 77 Home Transport Towing service Garage Photos Contact Your towing service region Limburg 24/24 available Garage for repairs and maintenance Is it time for the maintenance of your car? Are you not sure which garage to go to, because last time you thought it was quite on the expensive side and it was not completely executed according to your requirements? Then this time it is best to choose Blondeel, your garage in Heusden-Zolder, because with us you get a completely perfect service at a reasonable price. From small problems to major repairs Garage Blondeel is also the ideal partner for repairs. Whether it concerns small problems or major repairs: we are a reliable company that always does everything to help you as best as possible, so that after the repair you can drive out of our workshop with an as good as new car. Contact us Would you like to make an appointment to discuss a repair, breakdown assistance or maintenance? Or would you like to contact us in advance by telephone to hear what all this will cost you? Please contact Takelienst Blondeel in Heusden-Zolder via the contact page of this website. We will help you as soon as possible. Street map Takelienst Blondeel Watertorenstraat 30 3550 Heusden-Zolder - Belgium Location Mobile: 0495 42 25 77 Fax: 011 57 52 85 info@blondeelmichel.be VAT BE0771 244 129 Adjust cookie settings Dear users, this site saves cookies on your computer. The aim is to improve your experience on our website while offering you more personalized services. If you would like more information about the cookies we use, please see our Privacy Policy. By accepting cookies, you agree to their use. You can also adjust the settings of the cookies. If you refuse, your data will not be kept when you visit this site. Only one cookie is used in your browser to remember your preference of not being tracked. Adjust settings Accept all cookies and continue to the site back Adjust cookie settings Strictly necessary cookies These cookies are absolutely necessary for the proper functioning of the site and cannot be deactivated. They do not store personal information. The analytical cookies enable us to improve the performance of our site by measuring the number of visits and the origin of the internet traffic. All data collected is completely anonymous. In addition, social cookies are used to communicate with our own social networks such as Bizbookchannel and to allow visitors to post messages with their Bizbookchannel account on the platform of this site. Advertising cookies These cookies can be activated to provide you with content and advertising tailored to your interests on other sites and social networks. If you do not accept these cookies, less relevant content and advertising will be offered. Tracking pixel The tracking pixel allows social network platforms (LinkedIn, Facebook ...) to track your navigation on our site and to create a target audience of people with whom you have a connection based on your interests. The data collected is anonymous. For example, we are able to offer you content and advertising in accordance with your preferences on these platforms. VALIDATE