duraehijos.com This email address is being protected from spambots. You need to have Javascript enabled to see it. 986 79 41 02 Home Workshop Vehicles Used Tachographs Appointment Workshop The Company Contact Home Workshop Vehicles Used Tachographs Appointment Workshop The Company Contact Articles LEGAL NOTICE AND PRIVACY POLICY OF DURO E HIJOS Service Provider: DURO E HIJOS, S.L. and DURAUTO, S.L.N.E., (hereinafter DURO E HIJOS) Registered Office: Polígono Industrial Lalín 2000 - 36500 Lalín (Pontevedra) E-mail: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need to have Javascript enabled to see it. DURO E HIJOS, owner of www.duroehijos.com, makes this document available to users, with which it intends to comply with the obligations set forth in Law 34/2002, on Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce (hereinafter LSSI-CE) among other current regulations, as well as informing all users of the conditions of use of www.DURO E HIJOS.net and its privacy policy. Any person accessing this website assumes the role of user, committing to the observance and rigorous compliance with the provisions set forth herein, as well as any other legal provision that may be applicable. DURO E HIJOS reserves the right to modify any type of information that may appear on www.duroehijos.com without there being an obligation to notify or inform users, meaning that publication on the web is sufficient. The information on this website can be provided through the Internet or other means. DURO E HIJOS does not guarantee the privacy of communications made by users in relation to or through this website. Users of this website affirm that they know that the communications transmitted through it are public and not private communications. DURO E HIJOS does not use "spamming" techniques and will only process the data that the user transmits through the electronic form, email or user registration enabled on this website. Responsibility Through this website, DURO E HIJOS provides you with access to a variety of products and services, including computer developments, download areas, communication forums and information on products and services (hereinafter, all of them jointly called the "Services" ). DURO E HIJOS will not be responsible for damages that may derive from the impossibility of access or continuity of the Contents of this Website, from defects that users may find or produce as a result of their access to the Website, from the veracity of their information, and in particular, but not exclusively, the impossibility of accessing the Web. In no case will DURO E HIJOS, its suppliers or the other third parties mentioned on this website be liable for damages of any kind (including, among others, damages resulting from loss of profits, loss of data, viruses, business interruption, damages that could be derived from the breach of intellectual or industrial property rights, trade secrets, any contractual commitments, honor, rights of the person or of private life, property rights or any other rights of a third party as a consequence of the transmission , circulation, storage, reception, obtaining or access to the Contents; acts of unfair competition or illegal advertising as a consequence of the transmission, circulation, storage, reception, obtaining or access to the Contents; lack of truthfulness, accuracy, relevance or updating of the Contents; not useful for any purpose or failure in the expec tattoos generated by the Contents; breach, delay in compliance, defective compliance or termination for any reason of the obligations assumed by third parties and contracts executed with third parties through or as a result of access to the Contents) resulting from the use, impossibility of use or the results of the use of the web, any website connected to it or the content or information contained in any of said websites, such liability is already based on guarantee, contract, fault or negligence, or any other legal theory, and regardless of whether whether or not the possibility of such damage has been notified. DURO E HIJOS is exempt from any type of responsibility derived from the information published on the web, provided that this information has been manipulated or introduced by a third party not related to it. From www.DURO E HIJOS.net it is possible to be redirected to content from third-party websites and since DURO E HIJOS cannot always control the content entered by third parties on their websites, it does not assume any type of responsibility regarding said contents. However, in compliance with the provisions of art. 11 and 16 of the LSSI-CE, DURO E HIJOS is made available to all users, authorities and security forces, and actively collaborating in the withdrawal or, where appropriate, blocking of all content that could affect or contravene the national or international legislation, third party rights or morals and public order. Intellectual and industrial property This Website, including but not limited to; its programming, editing, compilation and other elements necessary for its operation, the designs, logos, text and / or graphics, computer programs, trademarks or in the process of registration, distinctive signs and Internet domains, are the property of DURO E HIJOS or where appropriate, it has a license or express authorization from the authors. Total or partial reproduction, use, exploitation, distribution and commercialization, in any case, requires prior written authorization from the provider. Any use not previously authorized by DURO E HIJOS will be considered a serious breach of the author's intellectual or industrial property rights. All exploitation rights over them - especially the reproduction, distribution, public communication, transformation, participation, and remuneration for private copying - are reserved. The designs, logos, text and / or graphics outside the provider and that may appear on the web, belong to their respective owners, being themselves responsible for any possible controversy that may arise regarding them. In any case, DURO E HIJOS has the express and prior authorization from them. Unless otherwise specified, the Contents are for the user's personal use and not for commercial use. Users may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, execute, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works, transfer or sell any information, software, products or services obtained or included in the Contents and / or on this Website. The total or partial reproduction of the contents of this website is especially prohibited without the prior written authorization of DURO E HIJOS. Privacy Policy In accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of April 27, 2016, regarding the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal and free data circulation of these data, you will find below all the relevant information on how we treat the personal data you share with us. Responsible for the Processing of Personal Data DURO E HIJOS, S.L. and DURAUTO, S.L.N.E., (hereinafter DURO E HIJOS) Polígono Industrial Lalín 2000 -36500 Lalín (Pontevedra) This email address is being protected from spambots. You need to have Javascript enabled to see it. Purposes for which your personal data and legitimacy will be processed We will treat your personal data for the following purposes: (i) Make you the offer of the products and / or services that you have requested from us. (ii) Vehicle repair and maintenance. (iii) Maintenance of tachographs. (iv) Address any request that you may make to us. (v) Secure our commercial activity. (vi) Manage the post-sale activities of the commercialized products. Furthermore, subject to your prior consent, we will also process your personal data to (vii) send you commercial communications regarding our products and services; (viii) measure the effectiveness of our advertising actions; (ix) conduct satisfaction surveys or (x) investigate fraud or protect our operations or users. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting the Dealer via email This email address is protected against spambots. You need to have Javascript enabled to see it. What kind of personal data do we collect? We only process the data necessary for each of the purposes identified above. For the aforementioned purposes, we will process the following categories of personal data: - Identification data - Tax identifier - Telephone number - E-mail - Data related to daily activity that reflects the tachograph. How long do we keep and process your personal data? The term of conservation of the data will depend on the purpose for which we treat it. For each of the above processing purposes, the table below specifies the maximum period for the retention of your personal data. After the periods described below, we will no longer process your personal data for this purpose. Purposes Conservation period Make you the offer of the products and / or services that you have requested. During the commercial relationship or until revocation of consent. Vehicle repair and maintenance. During the commercial relationship or until revocation of consent. Tachograph maintenance. During the commercial relationship or until revocation of consent. Attend any request you can make to us. Until the closing of the request made. Secure our commercial activity. During the commercial relationship or until revocation of consent. Manage the post-sale activities of the commercialized products. Until the revocation of the consent, if any, granted. With whom do we share your personal data? to. Service providers In order to provide you with the services and products that you have requested, we may share your personal data with our providers as described below, some of which may be found in countries located outside the European Union. In any case, you can be sure that we take all reasonable measures to obtain the commitments of our suppliers to treat your personal data with the same level of protection with which we treat them. In this sense, the providers with whom we can share your personal data are those that provide us with website hosting services, email services, hosting, marketing, sponsorship of sweepstakes, contests and other promotions, auditing, management of customer orders, data analysis, customer service and conducting customer satisfaction surveys and surveys. b. Other recipients Sharing personal information with other companies that do not belong to the Duro e Hijos group is not contemplated. c. Legal compliance and security It may be necessary, by legal requirement, judicial procedure, litigation and / or requirement of authorities and public bodies within or outside your country of residence, that we communicate your personal data to the corresponding administrations or public bodies. We may also communicate your personal data if we are obliged to do so for reasons of public order, application of the Law and other matters of public relevance, to the extent that disclosure is necessary and appropriate and required by the competent authorities. . Where legally permitted, and to the extent possible, we will inform you before such communication. If we determine in good faith that the communication is reasonably necessary to protect our rights, enforce our terms and conditions, investigate fraud, or protect our operations or users, we may also disclose your personal data to the appropriate supervisory authorities. Transfers outside the EU As we have indicated, the communication of your personal data may, in some cases, involve the international transfer of the same outside the European Union (EU). However, and given the special attention to the treatment of your personal data that we have, when such transfer is made outside the EU, we implement measures to ensure that the transferred personal data benefits from an adequate level of protection and adopt the appropriate guarantees. You can obtain more information about the guarantees established by contacting us through the aforementioned email address. What are your rights? · Right of access to know what your data is being processed, for what purposes, the origin of it and if we communicate it or have communicated it to third parties. · Right to modify your data when it is incomplete or inaccurate. · Right to delete your data if the purpose for which you provided it has disappeared, the treatment is not lawful, or revoke your consent and other assumptions provided by law. · Opposition right to prevent us from treating your data for certain purposes, or request that we stop doing it, although it is only possible in the cases established by law. · Right to request the limitation of the treatment while the challenge of their accuracy is verified, or understand that the treatment is unlawful and opposes the deletion of the data, or DURO E HIJOS no longer needs the data but you need it to the formulation, exercise or defense of claims, or has opposed the treatment of the same for the satisfaction of a legitimate interest while verifying the existence of said interest and its prevalence over yours. · Right to portability to receive your data in a structured electronic format and of habitual use and to be able to transmit them to another person in charge · Right not to be subject to automated individual decisions so that we do not make a decision about you based only on the treatment of your data that produces legal effects in your personal sphere or affects you in a similar way. To exercise any of the indicated rights, as well as to revoke the consent, if it has been provided, or make any request or claim related to the way in which we, as a Concessionaire, treat your personal data, go to This address of Email is protected against spambots. You need to have Javascript enabled to see it. Likewise, we remind you that, when you consider it appropriate, you can contact the Spanish Agency for Data Protection in order to file a claim regarding the treatment we carry out of your personal data. Incorporation of CVs to our files CVs sent via email available to users will be added to our files in order to analyze their profile in order to evaluate certain personal aspects of a natural person, in particular to analyze or predict aspects related to the professional performance, economic situation, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or movements of said natural person. The Data Controller informs you that it will proceed to process the data in a lawful, loyal, transparent, adequate, pertinent, limited, exact and updated manner. If the CV does not comply with the company's search requirements, it will be automatically removed from our database, the rest of the CV will be stored for the legally established period. These conditions will be governed and interpreted in accordance with Spanish legislation. For the resolution of all controversies or issues related to this website or the activities carried out on it, Spanish legislation will apply, to which the parties expressly submit and will be remedied before the competent courts. However, it will be obligatory that in case of conflict, the parties previously try to resolve the matter by mutual agreement. Copyright © 2020 duraehijos.com. All Rights Reserved. Designed by