duraehijos.com This email address is being protected from spambots. You need to have Javascript enabled to see it. 986 79 41 02 Home Workshop Vehicles Used Tachographs Appointment Workshop The Company Contact Home Workshop Vehicles Used Tachographs Appointment Workshop The Company Contact Articles POLICY OF QUALITY AND ENVIRONMENT The objective of DURO E HIJOS, SL, has as a priority objective to achieve a recognized prestige that Differentiate yourself from the competition within the activities offered in the automotive mechanical, sheet metal and electrical repair sector and as a technical center for tachographs. Our objective is to be effective in the work carried out in order to obtain the satisfaction of our clients, starting from the basis of respect for the environment and prevention of contamination, which is why we aim to continuously improve the internal processes of the company, committing ourselves to: Establish a Quality and Environmental System in accordance with the UNE-EN-ISO-9001 and UNE-EN-ISO-14001 Standards that allow maintaining uniformity in services, ensuring the quality of processes, compliance with environmental guidelines and the establishment and review of the objectives set. Execute the works according to the requirements, needs and expectations of the clients, reducing internal errors. Comply with all legal, regulatory and contractual requirements that are applicable to our activities, as well as other voluntary requirements that the company subscribes in order to protect the environment. Collaborate with our suppliers or subcontractors. Therefore, the purpose is to ensure that the products or services received have the required quality, are committed to respecting the environment and the defined contractual conditions are met. Guarantee that the activities carried out take into account their environmental aspects, seeking to avoid or minimize possible environmental impacts (especially consumption of natural resources and generation of waste) by carrying out regular monitoring and evaluations. Review and take into account both the expectations and the needs that the interested parties place in the organization, as well as the results of the analysis of the internal and external context of the company and the strategy to be developed. The application and monitoring of these principles are based on the active commitment to training, awareness and motivation of all DURO E HIJOS, S.L. This policy provides a framework for the establishment and periodic review of the quality and environmental objectives of the company's management system. This policy will be reviewed annually and will be available within and outside the organization to all interested parties through the company's website. Approved by the management of the company in Lalín, on 07-23-19 Copyright © 2020 duraehijos.com. All Rights Reserved. Designed by