der-aluschweisser.de - General Terms and Conditions Heiko Klauk Home AWO spare parts Aluminum welding Paint repairs Gallery Restored vehicles Custom-made events & links Data protection Imprint General terms and conditions Contact: Heiko Klauk Tulpenstraße 19 16321 Bernau near Berlin Tel: 03338 350823 For reasons of time, please contact by email heiko @ ignoreme-der-aluschweisser.de Opening times: Mo u. Wed 09:00 a.m. - 07:00 p.m. Break 12:00 p.m. - 01:00 p.m. Terms and Conditions Contractual partner The purchase contract is concluded with the company Der Aluschweisser Heiko Klauk Tulpenstr. 19 16321 Bernau Tel without giving reasons in text form (e.g. letter, e-mail) or if the item is left to you before the deadline - revoked by returning the item. The period begins after receipt of this instruction in text form, however not before receipt of the goods by the recipient (in the case of the recurring delivery of similar goods not before receipt of the first partial delivery) and also not before fulfillment of our information obligations. The right of withdrawal should be sent to: Fa.Klauk der-Aluschweisser 16321 Bernau Tulpenstr. 19 Tel.03338 350823 shop@der-aluschweisser.de Consequences of withdrawal In the event of an effective withdrawal, the services received on both sides must be returned. If you are unable to return the performance received, in whole or in part, or only in a deteriorated state, you may have to compensate us for the value. In addition, you can avoid the obligation to pay compensation for deterioration caused by the intended use of the item by not using the item as your property and refraining from doing anything that could impair its value. Transportable items are to be returned at our risk. You have to bear the costs of the return if the delivered goods correspond to the ordered ones and if the price of the thing to be returned does not exceed an amount of 40 euros or if you have not received the consideration or a contract for a higher price of the thing at the time of the revocation have made the agreed partial payment. Otherwise, the return is free for you. Items that cannot be sent as parcels will be picked up from you. Obligations to reimburse payments must be fulfilled within 30 days. The period begins for you when you send your cancellation or the goods, for us with their receipt. End of cancellation policy Shipping costs * Domestic packages per Hermes flat rate of 5.90 € (including VAT) * Austria 9.00 € * EU member states 18.95 € Bulgaria, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg , Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Sweden, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Czech Republic, Hungary, Cyprus, United Kingdom Payment methods Payment only with prepayment. We deliver your goods with Hermes delivery time from receipt of payment Usually 3-5 working days. If the product ordered cannot be delivered in time because we are not being supplied with this product by our supplier in time, we will inform you immediately. In such a case, you are free to wait for the ordered product or to cancel your order. In the event of cancellation, any consideration already paid will be refunded immediately. Exact delivery times can be requested by phone at 03338 350823. Retention of title The goods remain our property until full payment. Warranty The warranty is subject to legal provisions. For all defects occurring during the statutory warranty period of two years from delivery, you have the legal right to subsequent performance (at your choice: rectification of the defect or new delivery) and, if the legal requirements are met, the legal rights to reduction or withdrawal as well as compensation. You have to give us two attempts at reworking. If the type of supplementary performance you require is only possible with disproportionate costs, your claim is limited to the other type of supplementary performance. Used classic car parts that are between 20-60 years old and older are excluded from the warranty. der-aluschweisser.de Version: 3/2011 General terms and conditions for download © 2020 der-aluschweisser.de all rights reserved, powered by blumhoff-media.com