der-aluschweisser.de - Imprint Heiko Klauk Home AWO spare parts Aluminum welding Paint repairs Gallery Restored vehicles Custom-made Events & links Data protection Imprint General terms and conditions Contact: Heiko Klauk Tulpenstraße 19 16321 Bernau near Berlin Tel: 03338 350823 For reasons of time, please contact by email heiko @ ignoreme-der-aluschweisser.de Opening times: Mo u. Wed 9 a.m. - 7 p.m. Break 12 p.m. - 1 p.m. Imprint Information according to § 5 TMG Heiko Klauk der-aluschweisser.de Tulpenstraße 19 16321 Bernau Contact Phone: +49 3338 350823 Email: heiko @ der-aluschweisser .de sales tax sales tax identification number according to §27 a sales tax law: DE274339853 dispute resolution The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (OS): https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr. You can find our email address in the imprint above. We are not willing or obliged to participate in dispute resolution proceedings before a consumer arbitration board. Liability for content As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages in accordance with general laws in accordance with Section 7 (1) TMG. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, we as a service provider are not obliged to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the time we become aware of a specific legal violation. As soon as we become aware of such violations, we will remove this content immediately. Liability for links Our offer contains links to external third-party websites, the content of which we have no influence on. For this reason, we cannot accept any liability for this external content. The respective provider or operator is always responsible for the content of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time the link was created. No illegal content was discernible at the time the link was created. A permanent control of the content of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of an infringement. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately. Copyright The content and works on these pages created by the site operator are subject to German copyright law. The duplication, processing, distribution and any kind of use beyond the limits of copyright law require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of this page are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. As far as the content on this page was not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are observed. In particular contents of third parties are marked as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, please let us know. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such content immediately. © 2020 der-aluschweisser.de all rights reserved, powered by blumhoff-media.com