Motorradservice Speth Home Team Prices Service Contact Links Imprint Data Protection Imprint - Information according to § 5 TMG Peter Speth Motorradservice Mainstraße 5 65830 Kriftel Phone: 06192 - 92869 13 Fax: 06192 - 92869 35 E-Mail: info@motorradservice-speth.de Content Responsible: Peter Speth sales tax identification number according to §27 a sales tax law: DE281453388 Job title: master motorcycle mechanic Competent chamber :: Chamber of Crafts Rhein-Main, Bockenheimer Landstr. 21, 60325 Frankfurt, www.hwk-rhein-main.de Information on professional liability insurance: liability no .: 801.520. 591.330 at ZürichInsurance plc NfD, 53287 Bonn Web design and programming Internet agency in Frankfurt Disclaimer Liability for content The content of our pages was created with great care. However, we cannot guarantee that the content is correct, complete and up to date. As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages in accordance with general laws in accordance with Section 7 (1) TMG. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, we as a service provider are not obliged to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the time we become aware of a specific legal violation. As soon as we become aware of such violations, we will remove this content immediately. Liability for links Our offer contains links to external third-party websites, the content of which we have no influence on. For this reason, we cannot accept any liability for this external content. The respective provider or operator is always responsible for the content of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time the link was created. No illegal content was discernible at the time the link was created. A permanent control of the content of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of an infringement. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately. Copyright The content and works on these pages created by the site operator are subject to German copyright law. The duplication, processing, distribution and any kind of use beyond the limits of copyright law require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of this page are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. As far as the content on this page was not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are observed. In particular contents of third parties are marked as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, please let us know. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such content immediately. Data protection The use of contact data published within the scope of the imprint obligation by third parties for sending unsolicited advertising and information material is hereby expressly prohibited. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam e-mails. Sources: eRecht24 Disclaimer Motorradservice Speth - Phone: 06192 92869 13 - Fax: 06192 92869 35 - Email: info@motorradservice-speth.de