Kfz-Betrieb Rüdiger Klingner, Goslar, body work, tires, car glass Kfz-Betrieb Rüdiger Klingner About us Sponsoring Partners Directions Services Contact Data protection Imprint imprint Kfz-Betrieb Rüdiger Klingner Owner: Mr. Steve Jacobs Street: Am Keil 5 ZIP code & City: 38644 Goslar / Airbase Telephone: +49 (0) 5321- 394131 Fax: +49 (0) 5321- 394133 Internet: www.kfz-betrieb-rk.de Email: info? Kfz-betrieb-rk.de Legal form: Sole proprietorship VAT -ID: DE 250 844 893 Job title: master car technician (awarded in the Federal Republic of Germany) Chamber: Chamber of Crafts Braunschweig Liability for content As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages in accordance with the general laws in accordance with Section 7 (1) TMG. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, we as a service provider are not obliged to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the time we become aware of a specific legal violation. As soon as we become aware of such violations, we will remove this content immediately. Liability for links Our offer contains links to external third-party websites, the content of which we have no influence over. For this reason, we cannot accept any liability for this external content. The respective provider or operator is always responsible for the content of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time the link was created. No illegal content was discernible at the time the link was created. A permanent control of the content of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of an infringement. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately. Copyright The content and works on these pages created by the site operator are subject to German copyright law. The duplication, processing, distribution and any kind of use outside the limits of copyright law require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of this page are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. As far as the content on this page was not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are respected. In particular contents of third parties are marked as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, please let us know. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such content immediately. Online dispute resolution in accordance with Art. 14 Para. 1 ODR-VO: The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (OS), which you can find at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/. In addition, our company does not participate in a consumer dispute procedure. To top Kfz-Betrieb Rüdiger Klingner Inh. Steve Jacobs Am Keil 5, 38644 Goslar / Fliegerhorst Telephone: (05321) 394131 Fax: (05321) 394133 E-Mail: info∂kfz-Betrieb-rk.de Monday - Friday: 8 am - 6 p.m. Saturday: 8 a.m. - 1 p.m.