Product Program - Sale of auto parts, oils, Car service - auto1.bg 070020 190 National telephone login Home Products and servicesProduct range Product range Product range Our database contains over 5 million items, of which 65,000 in stock at any given time. We offer products from the following brands and manufacturers: CHAMPION CHAMPION is one of the market leaders as a manufacturer of spark plugs and glow plugs, filters, wipers and other components, both for initial installation and subsequent. All products go through service tests that guarantee their high quality. Unibat Unibat is an Italian manufacturer of batteries for motor vehicles. In 1994 the company accepts the challenge to become one of the leading leaders in its segment. Unibat's market shares are enviable, both in his native Italy and throughout Europe. For more than 15 years, the company has held leading positions in the production and distribution of batteries. Some of the most prestigious partners who have trusted Unibat are Beta, Ducati, Hm, Husqvarna, Tm, Carraro and Ncx Moto. FRAM American brand number 1 for FRAM filters - air, fuel filters and various car accessories. MAHLE Mahle is a leader in the production of automotive filter products and engine components. The full range of MAHLE filters for cars and trucks (oil, fuel, air, cabin filter, etc.) is available. BOSCH The Bosch Group is a global manufacturer in the field of automotive and industrial technologies, consumer goods and the construction industry. Bosch offers a full range of fuel, oil, air, interior and special filters for cars and vans. He has a full set of knowledge and experience in all areas in which filter elements and electronics are applied. Japanparts For twenty years Japanparts has been working as a leading company in the import and distribution of spare parts for Asian cars (Japanese, Korean, Indian, American, etc.). The product range distributed by Japanparts includes: filters, hydraulic parts, shock absorbers, dampers, couplings, valves, pistons, cylinder heads. The power line offers starters, alternators, connectors and much more. Japanparts spare parts are manufactured in specially selected factories. DAYCO Dayco is a world leader in the design and manufacture of timing, trapezoidal and timing belts. As well as solid elements - automatic and static tensioners, shock absorbers, gears, water pumps. DOLZ Industrias Dolz is a manufacturer of water pumps for cars and trucks, as well as for agricultural machinery. Their product range reaches over 1000 models, which are selected after detailed research on the secondary market of auto parts. PHILIPS Philips is one of the world's largest suppliers of lamps for the automotive industry, both for initial installation and after-sales service. PHILIPS products cover all types of lighting in the car, including headlights, alarms and interior lighting. WAHLER Wahler is the world leader in the production and supply of thermostats and temperature switches for very large car manufacturers such as VW, PORSCHE, OPEL, BMW, VOLVO. The product range contains thermostats and sensors for optimal temperature regulation. METELLI The company METELLI is a manufacturer of engine parts (valve guides, valve seats, etc.); hydraulic brake parts (brake cylinders, pressure regulating valves, etc.) and couplings; transmissions, axles and carriages; drums, hydraulic lifts and head bolts; water pumps and brake discs for cars and industrial machines. SWAG The product range of SWAG includes a wide range of auto parts for engine synchronization - timing pulleys, gears, belts and chains; well-developed range of auto parts for steering and suspension - nozzles, rods, brackets, hinges; pads for engines; rubber-metal parts; water pumps; electronics. DYS Full range of auto parts specializing in the car's suspension system. DYS offers quality products, guaranteeing optimal performance, maximum comfort, absolute safety and long life. All products are subjected to continuous testing of materials and new developments. LEMFORDER Lemförder is known for its production of highly valued suspension and steering elements. The brand offers over 10,000 items, which ranks it among the leading manufacturers and suppliers in its field on the secondary market of auto parts. HANS PRIES TOPRAN GMBH HANS PRIES / TOPRAN GMBH & CO.KG is a German company with an extremely wide production range, including over 15,000 items for Audi, Seat, Skoda, Opel, Ford, Peugeot, Citroen, Renault, Mercedes and BMW. TOPRAN guarantees the quality of its products. REMSA Remsa is a company with 40 years of experience in the automotive industry. It is known for continuous technical development and improvement of brake systems. BREMBO Brembo is the world leader in the production of braking systems for cars, motorcycles and trucks. Brembo products ensure full compatibility with the technical requirements set by leading car manufacturers and the strictest international certification standards. TEXTAR Textar is a leading supplier of brake system components - brake pads, brake discs, brake pads, brake accessories and sensors. The quality of the products is proven by the fact that Textar is approved for original installation in cars and trucks, as well as for marketing on the secondary market. SACHS The SACHS product range includes coupling kits and their parts - ferro and pressure discs, thrust bearings and coupling wires, shock absorbers, shock absorbers, dust collectors and more. SACHS is synonymous with high quality and product reliability, good innovation policy and high-tech know-how. WOLF Full range of engine, transmission oils for cars, vans, trucks, antifreeze and industrial oils. WOLF oils provide fuel economy and extended service life. ELF ELF products are perfectly adapted to all engine, gearbox and brake technology technologies. ELF lubricants increase the life of the car and reduce its fuel consumption. Numerous computer simulations, laboratory experiments and tests are conducted in partnership with the largest automotive designers. CASTROL Castrol is a world market leader in lubricants with over 100 years of experience. Offers a wide range of motor, transmission oils, greases and special products. Oils for cars, vans, trucks and motorcycles. BMW With the BMW brand we offer you a full range of engine, transmission oils and antifreeze. GM Full range of engine, transmission oils and antifreeze approved by the manufacturer. Designed to meet the high requirements of car manufacturers. NTN SNR NTN-SNR is the third largest manufacturer of roller bearings in the world. The company was formed in 2007 through the merger of the large French bearing manufacturer SNR and NTN, one of the largest bearing manufacturers in the world, with factories around the world. SNR company produces a wide range of high quality rolling bearings: single row and double row ball / incl. with contact angle /, cylindrical and tapered roller bearings, bearings with spherical rollers, axial / ball and roller /, and many others. NTN bearing technology reaches nanometer accuracy. NTN bearings are used in the construction of orbital stations, aircraft construction, the automotive industry, the production of trains, office equipment and food processing machines, etc. HUTCHINSON HUTCHINSON is a world leader in rubber products. Hutchinson is an ISO certified company. It is part of the chemical department of the TOTAL group. The global business structure allows HUTCHINSON to apply its skills and supports the company's desire to fully satisfy its customers in terms of quality, continuous improvement of production, ability to deliver worldwide. KYB KAYABA KYB is one of the largest manufacturers of shock absorbers in the world. Over one million shock absorbers are produced every week. KYB Europe GmbH provides world-class products and customer service for aftermarkets in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. KYB Europe GmbH is a subsidiary of KYB Corporation, a global company headquartered in Tokyo, Japan. For almost a century, KYB Corporation has specialized in hydraulics in technology widely used in the aviation, railway and marine industries. KYB in Japan is a leading company in the field of hydraulics. VALEO Valeo is an independent, global industry group, fully focused on the design, manufacture and sale of components, integrated systems and modules for cars and trucks, both for initial installation and for the independent auto parts market. Valeo offers innovative products and systems aimed at three main areas: Driving Assistance - safety systems minimize driver distraction, improve visibility, which helps to avoid accidents, Powertrain Efficiency - with care for the environment and increase the efficiency of engines with internal combustion, contributes to the creation of cleaner and more fuel-efficient cars, Comfort Enhancement - harmonizing the environment in cars and the good health of people, making cars easier to use and increase in the comfort of the driver and passengers. BERU BERU brings life to the engine of any vehicle, as a specialist in ignition technology, in the cold start of diesel engines, electronics and sensor technology, More than 100 years of experience combined with the latest methods of development, quality and production make BERU the most the preferred brand in the automotive industry. All BERU branded products meet the high quality standards of original fittings manufacturers worldwide. Offering innovative technologies and reliable combustion for almost all types of engines and applications, BERU's branded products are the first choice in the global aftermarket. JURID Jurid braking products are well known for providing reliable braking. Whether used in cars, vans, trucks or even rail cars - Jurid ensures safety with innovative disc brake pads and brake drums and materials. Since 2015 Jurid joined the Federal-Mogul family. Jurid's reputation and technical expertise support Federal-Mogul's requirements in developing new technologies to provide the required features, quality and easy installation that customers are looking for. Federal-Mogul's portfolio includes a wide range of organic and sintered brake materials. All products are designed by a global team of Federal-Mogul technical experts and show friction stability, and higher friction flexibility of the material, which avoids hot spots on the brake discs. DENSO Denso is a leading manufacturer of high-tech systems and components for the aftermarket. Its products are available in over 30 countries, the most sought after being complete solutions for the maintenance of gasoline and diesel engines, cooling system, electronics, safety systems. Total There is hardly anyone who has not heard of the French leader in oils TotalS.A. In its almost century-long history, the company has established itself as one of the largest market leaders. It is no coincidence that it ranks fourth in the world, operating in 130 countries with a staff of about 110,000 employees. Thanks to its wide range of products and its undeniable quality, Total oils are among the most recognizable and sought after on the market. Hella The German giant that manufactures lighting and electronic components for the automotive industry is of course Hella KGaA Hueck & Co. The company is also one of the largest suppliers of automotive parts in the world. This ranks it among the top 100 of the largest industrial companies in Germany and is in the top 50 of the largest suppliers of auto parts in the world. BLUE PRINT The quality seal for auto parts is of course Blue Print. Part of the Bilsteing group, which is one of the world's leading companies in offering solutions for all popular brands of vehicles. The group includes the well-known febi, SWAG and Blue Print, each of which has its own spirit and quality. more than 55,000 different components. Currently, the products are available in 170 countries around the world and have more than 1,925 employees. ContiTech First-class products and comprehensive service for automotive spare parts. This is best described by the German manufacturer ContiTech. Timing, track, V-belts for cars and vans. The name ContiTech is a symbol of quality and that is why it was chosen for initial installation in almost all world car manufacturers. The wide range of branded products can be found in any of the sites of Auto1. NGK NGK is a Japanese brand specializing in the production of car ignition system parts. The company is the world's leading supplier of original installation parts for some of the largest car manufacturers. Almost all leading teams in Formula 1 rely on NGK spark plugs, and the company has long-term partnerships with Ferrari and McLaren. The products that NGK offers are: spark plugs, glow plugs, ignition coils, igniter cables. Dr! Ve + Dr! Ve + is a brand that packages products of some of the most famous brands on the market. The wide range of solutions offered includes both lubricating oils and parts of the brake system. The products are of exceptional quality at a unique price. ! ve + is imported directly for Nexus Bulgaria and can be found in the network of Auto 1. Lucas Lucas has been present on the market for more than 125 years. The brand is world famous as a supplier of first-class quality consumables for both cars and motorcycles. Lucas continues to grow, leading to a new collaboration to design innovative products that meet customer needs and expectations. Lucas filters cover 1,400 part numbers covering fuel, oil, air and coupe filters for both vans and trucks. This covers more than 95% of European vehicles. Elring The perfect supplier for professional engine repairs. Elring can provide a wide range of gaskets, seals, service parts and sealing systems to meet all market requirements. The company develops and manufactures engine components, gearboxes, exhaust systems and alternative propulsion technologies for most automotive and engine manufacturers. Innovation and experience in the field of original equipment provide the basis for a high level of popularity and success in the spare parts market worldwide. The brand "Elring - Das Original" has long been a trademark for exceptional quality, safety, service, availability and reliability. HEPU For more than 50 years, HEPU® has been known as a leading manufacturer of high quality water pumps for motor vehicles. With the accumulated know-how, the overall quality of the product, the high reliability of the deliveries and the close relations with the customers have turned HEPU® into a leading German manufacturer of water pumps. «Back Auto 1 is part of Menu About us Company profile Logistics National coverage Membership About nature Products and Services Product range Franchise concept Products Services Catalog News Careers Contacts Map Contact us News BATTERIES MOTRIO 06 April 2020 | 14:56 Batteries for initial installation in RENAULT with 2 years warranty ... | more »THE BEST WIN! 11 March 2020 | 12:13 From March to August, the first three achieved the highest turnover with prod ... | more »Auto1.bg © 2011 - 2020. All rights reserved. Quick links Contacts News General conditions We created this site to provide our services to you our customers in the most accessible and convenient way. Our mission is to take care of your car. National Partners Inovasis Ltd. Espas Auto Ilina Car Ltd. RMG (RMG) Auto1 Service Partner Foreign Partners dys-sl.com wolflubes.com bremboparts.com philips.co.uk elf.com schaeffler-group.com contitech.de federalmogul.com fram-europe.com mahle.com textar.com reinz.de wahler.de zf.com