General Terms and Conditions - Sale of auto parts, oils, Car service - auto1.bg 070020 190 National telephone login Home General Terms and Conditions General Terms and Conditions General Terms and Conditions This Agreement on the Terms of Use (the "General Terms and Conditions") applies to the following website: www. auto1.bg, which is located at http://www.auto1.bg (hereinafter "the Site"). It is the property of "AUTO 1" AD. DEFINITIONS "WE", "COMPANY" means "AUTO 1 “AD with registered office and address of management: Pazardzhik, 3 Matnitsa Str., 2nd floor, entered in the Commercial Register at the Registry Agency UIC: 112650708 “CPA” - means the Consumer Protection Act “LPPD” - means the Personal Data Protection Act “PSA” - means the Postal Services Act “SITE” - means the website located at www. auto1.bg “ONLINE STORE” - means the virtual store located on www.auto1.bg, providing the opportunity to purchase / order goods and services via the Internet. “USER” - means a person using the functionalities of the site. "USER" - means a user within the meaning of the CPA. "PERSONAL DATA" - means personal data within the meaning of LPPD. "CASH ON DELIVERY" - means cash on delivery within the meaning of the PSA. "GENERAL TERMS" means these general terms of use of the site. By clicking on any link, button or application located on the site, except for the link pointing to these general conditions, the user expressly and unconditionally agrees to these general conditions for the use of the site and the online store. AUTO 1 AD reserves the right, in its sole discretion and at any time, to change, add or delete parts of the Terms of Use listed below without prior notice. It is the responsibility of site visitors to check the terms of each visit immediately before using the Site. In the event that a visitor continues to use the site after posting changes to these terms, the same is considered confirmation that he accepts and agrees with the changes. You hereby agree that all subsequent purchases and orders are governed by the Terms of Use applicable until the publication of changes and amendments thereto, and thereafter in accordance with the newly amended Terms of Use. SCOPE OF THE CONDITIONS OF THE CONTRACT. The conditions for orders of goods and / or services from the website http://www.myservice.bg, which are described on the invoice provided to you, regulate the original purchase and sale, respectively a contract for the provision of a service, except in cases where The client has concluded a separate written contract with AUTO 1 AD. NOT APPLICABILITY OF OTHER DOCUMENTS. These conditions may not be supplemented, amended or modified by the application of other document (s). Any attempt to change, supplement or amend these conditions by a third party is invalid and does not take effect, unless "AUTO 1" AD expresses written consent to this. / or order a service from our Site, you must: • You must be eighteen (18) years of age • You must have a permanent address in Bulgaria • You have filled in the electronic registration form correctly • You have agreed to these Terms of Use • To indicate accurate and valid phone delivery address • To provide access and opportunity to receive the goods • After notification, to appear to receive the repaired car AUTO 1 AD may request additional confirmation of each of the above requirements, including by phone, fax, In case the authenticity of the information submitted to us is not proved, this automatically leads to a refusal to accept an order with or without explicit notification. REGISTRATION The registration procedure of the site is absolutely voluntary and free. Registration is required only for shopping and ordering a service through the online store and service. The site can NOT be viewed by users freely, and registration is required. To register, you need to fill out a registration form. Fields that must be filled in are marked with an asterisk. Upon successful completion of the registration, the user will receive a username and password with which he will be able to log in to his profile created on the site. PRICES All prices presented on the site are in Bulgarian levs and are valid only at the time of their publication, "AUTO 1" AD reserves the right to change them at any time without notice. The prices of goods presented on the site are final and include all taxes and fees when paying for the goods in cash and receiving them at the company's site. The prices of services presented on the site are indicative - prepared on the basis of only the information provided by the User. They are subject to change in accordance with the actual technical condition of the car and the need for additional repairs. CHANGE OF PRICES OF GOODS / SERVICES AUTO 1 AD has the right to change the prices at its discretion at any time, without prior notice to consumers. The consumer is obliged to pay the price indicated in the final invoice for the delivered goods and / or provided service. In case of technical errors in the publication of the site, "AUTO 1" AD has the right to refuse performance of the contract and does not owe compensation in any way to the user, except to refund the amounts paid by the user, if any. The message for reduced prices is by placing the new price next to the old one, which is crossed out. If no term of the reduced price is indicated, this price shall be valid until the quantities are exhausted, but not more than 1 month or 6 months, when it is under conditions under Art. 66 para 2 of the CPA. ORDERS Orders can be placed only from registered users who have accepted these general terms and conditions (terms of use). POSSIBLE ERRORS ON THE SITE You are hereby deemed to have been informed that it is possible and permissible for the information provided for a particular product, product or service to contain inaccurate or incomplete data, including on the price or availability of the product / service. AUTO 1 AD is not obliged to keep the information contained on this site correct, complete and up-to-date at any time. In this sense, AUTO 1 AD does not bear any responsibility in case of incorrect, incorrect or incorrectly presented information, correct information presented in a misleading way, in case of discrepancy between the presented factual and actual situation, as well as in case of typographical errors. AUTO 1 AD reserves the right to correct errors and / or update the content of the site at any time without express notice. METHODS OF PAYMENT Possible ways to pay for purchases from the Site are: The user can pay the price of goods and / or services ordered from the online store, using one of the following methods: 1. Cash on delivery or payment on the spot at the site / service of the company. 2. Payment by bank card. 3 Bank transfer. Regardless of the chosen method, all payments are made only in Bulgarian levs. By accepting these general terms and conditions, the user gives his explicit and unconditional consent to pay in advance to "AUTO 1" AD the entire selling price of goods / services ordered through the online store. In case of payment by "cash on delivery" upon delivery, the buyer receives from the courier an invoice stating the ordered goods, the sale price due for it, as well as the delivery price. The buyer hands over to the courier an amount equal to the total amount (including the price of the goods and the delivery price) indicated in the invoice, which is noted in the delivery note (certifying the delivery of the goods indicated in the invoice by the courier to the buyer). receipt. By signing the coupon for acceptance - delivery, the buyer authorizes the courier to hand over on his behalf and for his account to "AUTO 1" AD the amount representing the selling price of the delivered goods. VALUE ADDED TAX In case it is not explicitly stated that VAT is charged on the indicated price (or there is a mark "without VAT", it is considered final and including VAT. CONTRACT The contract for distance selling between "AUTO 1" AD and the user is considered concluded from the moment of confirmation of the specific order of goods and / or services by "AUTO 1" AD DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY FOR SALE OF PRODUCTS OR PROVISION OF SERVICES WITH INACCURATE PRICE cancel or cancel all product orders and / or servants who are shown with an incorrect price, discount or compensation, or contain a typographical error or other inaccurate information submitted by the user.All such orders, whether or not they were originally confirmed, may be refused or canceled. If payment has been made for these orders, AUTO 1 AD will immediately issue a credit notice for the amount of the charge to the buyer's account. REFUSAL, RETURN AND REPLACEMENT OF PURCHASED GOODS / WITHOUT SERVICES / Pursuant to Art. 55, para 1 CPA, a Buyer who has the quality consumer within the meaning of CPA, has the right, without paying compensation or penalty and without stating a reason, to refuse the ordered goods within 7 working days from the date of receipt provided that any of the following conditions are met: 1. The product (s) have not been used. Their original packaging should not be opened, incl. the integrity of the stickers on the packaging must not be compromised. 2. The consumer has previously notified in writing "AUTO 1" AD that pursuant to Art. 55, para 1 of the CPA shall withdraw from the concluded distance contract, as in the notification it shall obligatorily indicate: a) a specific object of “AUTO 1” AD, in which it will return the goods. b) a bank account to which the price paid for the goods will be refunded. 3. The goods must be returned personally by the consumer or by a person authorized by a power of attorney with a notarized signature. In case of duly exercised right of withdrawal from the concluded distance contract, AUTO 1 AD refunds to the consumer the price paid for the goods in full. The refund is made by bank transfer to the bank account indicated by the consumer within the terms according to the CPA, as of the return of the goods. All costs for the return of the goods, incl. transport are entirely at the expense of the consumer. Until the moment of delivery of the goods by the consumer to AUTO 1 AD, the risk of accidental loss or damage is borne entirely by the consumer. The Client / User has no right to refuse a service that he has ordered after it has been provided to him or after appropriate actions have been taken to provide it by AUTO 1 AD. When for any reason AUTO 1 AD is unable to fulfill its obligations under the contract, the consumer will be notified in a timely manner and the amounts paid by him will be refunded within 30 days from the date on which AUTO 1 AD should have performed its obligation under the contract. In this case AUTO 1 AD has the alternative opportunity to deliver to the consumer goods or services of the same quality and price by notifying the consumer of the change in performance. When something else is performed instead of what is due and the consumer exercises his right to cancel the transaction, the costs of returning the goods are at the expense of the supplier. WARRANTY OF THE GOODS / SERVICES AND SUPPORTING INFORMATION AUTO 1 AD provides a minimum 6-month warranty period for the performed repairs and services, as of the date of issuing the invoice for the performed activities and the used spare parts, in case the invested parts are repaired. AUTO 1 AD. When the inserted parts are delivered by the customer, AUTO 1 AD does not take over the warranty service. In the case of electronic distance selling, the warranty of the purchased product is in accordance with the warranty conditions of the respective manufacturer. DELIVERY OF THE GOODS The delivery of goods ordered through the online store is done by courier. Deliveries are made only on the geographical territory of the Republic of Bulgaria, which excludes deliveries in Bulgarian foreign diplomatic missions, embassies, ships and aircraft under the Bulgarian flag, etc. which according to the norms of international law are considered part of the territory of the Republic of Bulgaria. Upon delivery, the recipient signs a coupon for acceptance - delivery, which certifies the exact execution of the order. The terms for delivery of goods ordered through the online store are the following: 1. For goods ordered up to 14 hours Bulgarian time - 24 hours from the day following the day on which the order is confirmed. 2. For goods ordered after 14 hours Bulgarian time - 48 hours, starting from the day following the day on which the order is confirmed. These terms apply insofar as they do not contradict the delivery times applied by couriers. In any case, AUTO 1 AD reserves the right unilaterally, without informing the consumer, to extend the specified terms by up to seven days for available and di 45 days for unavailable goods. The goods are delivered to the recipients as standard - by hand against a signature, and in large shipments (at the discretion of the person making the delivery) are delivered to the entrance of the building. INSPECTION OF THE GOODS. COMPLAINTS. Upon receipt of the goods the consumer is obliged to immediately inspect it and in case of obvious defects, the absence of any of the accompanying accessories and / or any of the documents required by Bulgarian law, immediately inform the person making the delivery. If he fails to do so, the item is considered approved, and the consumer loses the right to later claim that the product was delivered with obvious defects, the absence of any of the accompanying accessories and / or any of the required by Bulgarian law documents. Complaints of goods purchased through the online store are made according to the rules of the CPA and in accordance with the terms and conditions of their commercial warranty. Address for complaints: Sofia, Triaditsa district, 158 Cherni Vrah Blvd. "AUTO 1" AD. Contact phone 02/9615140 PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION AUTO 1 AD collects the information you have provided during your registration on the website. By accepting these general terms and conditions, the user gives his indefinite explicit and unconditional consent, until his possible explicit written cancellation, the personal data provided by him to be collected, stored, processed and used by "AUTO 1" AD and / or authorized by the company third parties , including but not limited to: companies providing courier services, banks, etc., for the purposes of performing the contract for distance selling and delivery of ordered goods, and in the case of online ordering of services: in connection with the performance of repairs the activities, the implementation of the contract for production, marketing and advertising purposes and analyzes of AUTO 1 AD, participation in games, promotions and raffles organized by the Company, as well as for any other purposes not collected by law. The user can at any time receive information whether the personal data provided by him are processed and used by AUTO 1 AD, as well as the purposes of their processing and use. OTHER AUTO 1 AD undertakes to provide only the services presented on the site in the way they are presented. All information presented on the site, including but not limited to design, availability, prices and location of the goods is valid only at the time of its presentation, as "AUTO 1" AD reserves the right to change it at any time without notice. It is the responsibility of the user to regularly check the terms of use of the site, as well as the information provided about prices, availability, etc., in order to be informed in a timely manner in case any changes have occurred. In any case, the change is effective from now on and does not affect orders confirmed by AUTO 1 AD prior to execution. In case additional approval is required on our part, it should be given, otherwise, regardless of the confirmation of the order, it will be considered invalid. AUTO 1 AD is not responsible for the content and safety of sites to which they refer links published on this site. Clicking on such links and using the sites to which they link is done by users of this site entirely at their own risk and responsibility. In cases where this is necessary, the users of the site are obliged to provide correctly and completely the data required by them. AUTO 1 AD is not responsible for non-fulfillment of an order for goods and / or services in cases where the user has provided incorrect incomplete and / or inaccurate personal data, including when he has provided an incomplete, inaccurate or fictitious address. It is the obligation of the user to protect the confidentiality of the username and password provided to him by AUTO 1 AD. Всяка направена чрез онлайн магазина поръчка ще бъде считана от страна на „АУТО 1“ АД  за редовна, ако при направата й са използвани потребителско име и парола, които системата е приела за валидни независимо от това дали същите са използвани от лице различно от титуляра или от неовластено лице. При закупуване на стоки чрез онлайн магазина не важат издаваните от „АУТО 1“ АД  ваучери и карти за отстъпка. С приемането на настоящите общи условия ползвателят изрично и безусловно се съгласява, на посочения от него, за целите на регистрацията на сайта, електронен адрес, да получава електронни съобщения, съдържащи рекламни брошури, информация за промоции, игри, томболи и др. Съгласието по предходното изречение може да бъде оттеглено по-всяко време от меню ''абонамент за информационен бюлетин'' достъпно от акаунта на ползвателя. Достъпът до ресурсите на сайта и онлайн магазина за некоректни ползватели ще бъде блокиран. Акаунтите на ползватели, които нарушат условията за ползване на сайта и онлайн магазина, както и акаунти на ползватели, които ги използват не по предназначение ще бъдат заличени. За неуредените в настоящите общи условия въпроси, се прилагат разпоредбите на действащото в Република България законодателство. Всички спорове по тълкуването и изпълнението на настоящите общи условия и по тълкуването и изпълнението на договорите за продажба от разстояние на поръчани от онлайн магазина стоки и договорите за извършване на техническо обслужване и ремонт на автомобили ще бъдат решавани със споразумение, а в случай на непостигане на такова, спорът ще бъде отнасян за разрешаване от компетентния български съд съгласно правилата на родова и местна подсъдност по ГПК. Законова Гаранция. Информация за потребители. Алтернативно решаване на спорове Всички представени на сайта и/или продавани в онлайн магазина стоки са със законова гаранция за съответствие на стоката с договора за продажба съгласно чл. 112-115 от ЗЗП. Търговската гаранция не оказва влияние върху правата на потребителите, произтичащи от гаранцията по чл. 112-115 от ЗЗП. Независимо от търговската гаранция, продавачът отговаря за липсата на съответствие на потребителската стока с договора за продажба съгласно гаранцията по чл. 112-115 от ЗЗП. Информация за правата на потребителите, произтичащи от законовата гаранция по чл. 112-115 от ЗЗП На телефон 070012340 можете да получите цялата информация по чл. 4 от ЗЗП, относима към всяка стока/услуга представена на сайта и/или продавана в онлайн магазина. Орган за алтернативно решаване на спорове по смисъла на чл. 181н, ал. 4 от ЗЗП са помирителните комисии към Комисия за защита на потребителите. При възникване на спор, свързан с онлайн продажба можете да ползвате и сайта ОРС Казаното в настоящия раздел се отнася за потребители по смисъла на §13, ал.1, т.1 от Допълнителните разпоредби на ЗЗП. Преглед на Гаранционни условия тук « Назад Ауто 1 е част от Меню За нас Профил на компанията Логистика Национално покритие Членство За природата Продукти и Услуги Продуктова гама Франчайз концепция Продукти Сервизи Каталог Новини Кариери Контакти Карта Свържи се с нас Новини АКУМУЛАТОРИ MOTRIO 06 April 2020 | 14:56 Batteries for initial installation in RENAULT with 2 years warranty ... | more »THE BEST WIN! 11 March 2020 | 12:13 From March to August, the first three achieved the highest turnover with prod ... | more »Auto1.bg © 2011 - 2020. All rights reserved. Quick links Contacts News General conditions We created this site to provide our services to you our customers in the most accessible and convenient way. Our mission is to take care of your car. National Partners Inovasis Ltd. Espas Auto Ilina Car Ltd. RMG (RMG) Auto1 Service Partner Foreign Partners dys-sl.com wolflubes.com bremboparts.com philips.co.uk elf.com schaeffler-group.com contitech.de federalmogul.com fram-europe.com mahle.com textar.com reinz.de wahler.de zf.com