About us - Sale of auto parts, oils, Car service - auto1.bg 070020 190 National telephone login Home About usCompany profile Company profile Company profile We are one of the leading companies in the field of direct import and distribution of spare parts and motor oils for cars. Established in 1996 As an authorized dealer of Robert Bosch Bulgaria, our company is currently an importer of high quality spare parts for the global automotive industry. Our product portfolio includes the brands Bosch, Elf, Philips, Brembo, Mahle, LUK, LMI, Sachs, Textar, Dayco, Swag, Fram, DYS, Remsa, Dolz, Wolf, Cifam, Al-Ko, FAG, INA, Champion, Topran , Denso, SNR, V.Reinz, KYB and many others. Since 2014 Auto 1 AD became the founder of Nexus Bulgaria and a member of the prestigious Nexus Automobile International. To make it easier for our customers, we maintain an excellent stock of over 60,000 high quality items, including those for primary installation. We have our own transport and make direct deliveries throughout the country. In an effort to offer a full range of spare parts for the car, we also offer fast deliveries of OE ones. Our head office and warehouse are located in Sofia. We build a wide network of own and franchise sites in all major cities in the country. We currently have a presence in Sofia, Plovdiv, Pazardzhik, Blagoevgrad, Peshtera, Razlog, Panagyurishte, Velingrad, Veliko Tarnovo, Dobrich, Vidin and other cities. «Back Auto 1 is part of Menu About us Company profile Logistics National coverage Membership About nature Products and Services Product range Franchise concept Products Services Catalog News Careers Contacts Map Contact us News BATTERIES MOTRIO 06 April 2020 | 14:56 Batteries for initial installation in RENAULT with 2 years warranty ... | more »THE BEST WIN! 11 March 2020 | 12:13 From March to August, the first three achieved the highest turnover with prod ... | more »Auto1.bg © 2011 - 2020. All rights reserved. Quick links Contacts News General conditions We created this site to provide our services to you our customers in the most accessible and convenient way. Our mission is to take care of your car. National Partners Inovasis Ltd. Espas Auto Ilina Car Ltd. RMG (RMG) Auto1 Service Partner Foreign Partners dys-sl.com wolflubes.com bremboparts.com philips.co.uk elf.com schaeffler-group.com contitech.de federalmogul.com fram-europe.com mahle.com textar.com reinz.de wahler.de zf.com