Creation of a site in Saint-Gaudens at the gates of Toulouse. Dataxy dataxy.fr Dataxy Website creation, graphic creation and web referencing Home The company Philosophy History News IT Website - Extranet Applications Hosting Cyber ​​Security Communication Graphic creation Content creation Domain names E-Marketing Applications Cartography Virtual visit Forms E-Mailing / SMS Geo-referencing CMS Platforms Editor 00.fr AchatVente.fr Blogs.fr Advertise.fr Freecam.fr Contact Dataxy Home Viewer 2 Rpva under linux RPVA under Linux in 2017, yes it is possible! Dataxy offers lawyers a remote installation and maintenance service (Ubuntu, Debian, etc.) Tel: 05.62.00.17.79 Read article 1/4 Toulouse Communicate on Toulouse and the Toulousaine region! LaFrance National regional communication network Read article 2/4 Expertise Our service for evaluating domain names and websites is the result of long experience. Today we put all our skills and know-how at your disposal. Listening to you, we answer each of your questions clearly and immediately. Devis Dataxy Brokerage Purchase / Sale of domain names Read article 3/4 Digital platforms for municipal candidates of 2014 Digital tools for municipal candidates 2014 - Modular Internet and Extranet - Natural referencing of the candidate - Communication emailing and sms candidate2014.fr Read article 4/4 download ie6 Your Internet Explorer 6 browser is obsolete. To read this site correctly you can update it: Internet Explorer This site is optimized for browsers: Firefox Chrome Safari Dataxy is an internet agency at the gates of Toulouse For nearly 15 years, Dataxy has integrated all the skills necessary to conduct your Internet projects. Our experienced teams combine interactive technology and design to provide you with services commensurate with the ambition of your projects. menu services Domain names Referencing Site creation Visual identity article menu services link portfolio Training and Cybersecurity awareness Quick links quick1 Quick site creation2 Quick graphic creation3 Quick graphic creation4 Quick applications5 Quick E-Marketing6 Quick domain names7 E-Mailing / SMS rapid8 Rapid mapping9 Training / Consulting Our activities i1 Hosting i2 Applications i3 Website creation c1 Website - Extranet c2 E-Marketing c3 Domain names c4 Graphic design Home Dataxy Training - Consulting Training / Consulting quote Request a quote contact Contact footer Referencing saint-gaudens Illegal content Legal notice Request a quote Contact Accommodation - Realization