Car dealerships & car garages - Citroën France branches CITROËN CONCESSIONS NETWORK IN FRANCE ALL CITROËN DEALERS AND GARAGES IN FRANCE Citroën presents its entire network of dealers and garages in France. Find directly online all the approved points of sale as well as the spaces dedicated to each concession. The appointment can be made online and you can discover the stocks of new and used vehicles, after-sales services, spare and original parts as well as the promotional offers in force at the Citroën dealer. closest to you. LOOK FOR A CITROËN DEALER NEAR YOU Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes Bourgogne-Franche-Comté Brittany Center-Val-de-Loire Corsica Grand-Est Hauts-de-France Ile-de-France Normandy New-Aquitaine Occitanie Pays-de-la -Loire Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur Legal notice Site map Follow us Accept cookies * General conditions of use of the site The fuel consumption and CO2 emissions values ​​mentioned are determined in accordance with the new harmonized global procedure WLTP light vehicle test (EU Regulation 2017/948), and the corresponding values ​​are converted to NEDC to allow comparability with other vehicles. Please contact your dealer for the latest information. The values ​​do not take into account the conditions of use, equipment or driving options and in particular, and may vary depending on the size of the tires. For more information on the official fuel consumption and CO2 emission values, please consult the "Fuel consumption, CO2 emissions from new passenger cars" directive available free of charge at all points of sale or at 'ADEME - Environment and Energy Management Agency (Editions, 2 square Lafayette, BP 406, 49004 Angers Cedex 01) or on http://www.carlabelling.ademe.fr/Preambule: This site (ci -after called "Site") is intended for the personal information of Internet users who use it. Access to and use of this Site are subject to these "General Conditions" detailed below as well as to applicable laws and / or regulations. Connection and access to this Site implies full and unreserved acceptance of the user of all the provisions of these General Conditions. The company owning the Site reserves the right to modify and update, without notice, these General Conditions and all the elements, products or services presented on the Site. All of these modifications are binding on Internet users who must consult these General Conditions upon each connection and / or the general conditions of CITROËN Automobile sites linked to the Site. The Site allows the owner company to present its activity as well as the offer of products and services in particular via links redirecting the Internet user to the following CITROËN Automobile websites and applications: - The presentation of the new vehicle and commercial vehicle ranges , via the www.citroen.fr site of Automobiles CITROËN. - The presentation of stocks of new vehicles available at each point of sale via the www.carstore.citroen.fr site of Automobiles CITROËN. - The presentation of national and local promotions for new vehicles, it being specified that national promotions are accessible via the website www.carstore.citroen.fr of Automobiles CITROËN and that local promotions are those which appear on the Site and are exclusively the responsibility of the company owning the Site. - Presentation of services: Citroën Business, Citroën Financement, Citroën Assurance, Service Contract via the www.citroen.fr website of Automobiles CITROËN. - The presentation of used vehicles, it being specified that the stock presented of used vehicles is exclusively the responsibility of the company owning the Site, the latter being simply hosted on the www.citroenselect.fr site of Automobiles CITROËN. - The presentation of the Citroën Select label, Financing and mobile applications, via the www.citroenselect.fr website of Automobiles CITROËN. - The presentation of national and local promotions for after-sales, it being specified that national promotions are accessible via the www.citroen.fr site of Automobiles CITROËN and that local promotions are those that appear on the Site and are exclusively the responsibility of the responsibility of the company owning the Site. - The presentation of packages, technical pre-inspection, annual serenity appointment, Citroën American Express and Citroën eTouch via the www.citroen.fr site of Automobiles CITROËN.- Presentation of accessories via the www.citroenaccessoires.fr site of Automobiles CITROËN . - Presentation of original parts, the standard range, the Eurorepar range, via www.citroen.fr of Automobiles CITROËN. The user is well informed that: - for all pages of the Site for which Automobiles CITROËN is only the host (local promotions and stock of used vehicles, etc.), the point of sale of Automobiles CITROËN, i.e. the company Site owner, is solely responsible for the content and updating of all of the dedicated pages. - as soon as the Site links to the link of another site, the user should consult the legal notices indicated therein. Article 1: Publication and Hosting This Site is published by: Company Name Share capital: Share capital SIRET number: Siret VAT number: VAT number Orias number: Orias number Host of site: PSA 75, avenue de la Grande Armée 75016 PARIS Article 2: Intellectual property rights The owner company advises users of this Site that many elements of it: 1 - Are protected by copyright law: this may include photographs, photographs articles, drawings, animated sequences, recordings in digital audio or video format, ...; 2 - And / or are protected by the legislation on designs and models: these are in particular the models of vehicles appearing on the Site; 3 - Are protected by the legislation on brands: these are in particular the brand "CITROËN", the logo "Double chevron", the signature "CREATIVE TECHNOLOGIE", the semi-figurative brand "PSA", as well as the brands of vehicle models appearing on the Site. The elements thus protected are the property of Automobiles CITROËN, its subsidiaries or third parties that have authorized the company that owns the Site to use them. As such, any reproduction, representation, use, adaptation, modification, incorporation, translation, marketing, partial or complete in any way, in any form, by any process and on any medium whatsoever (paper, digital, ... ) of the brand "CITROËN", of the logo "double chevron", of the signature "CREATIVE TECHNOLOGIE", of the semi-figurative brand "PSA" and / or of the brands of the models of vehicles appearing on the Site are prohibited, without the prior written authorization from Automobiles CITROËN, apart from the exceptions legally permitted by article 122-5 of the Intellectual Property Code (in particular under private copying), under penalty of constituting a copyright infringement offense and / or designs and / or brands, punishable by three (3) years imprisonment and three hundred thousand euros (€ 300,000) fine in the case of copyright infringement and four ( 4) years of borrowing fine and four hundred thousand euros (€ 400,000) fine in the case of trademark infringement. The brands and logos of the software displayed on this Site are the respective property of the companies operating them, and may not be used without the prior written consent of the said companies. These brands include but are not necessarily limited to any software not identified by name in these General Conditions. These software are protected by copyright and supposes the conclusion of a license agreement. Their use without the prior written agreement of their owner is prohibited under penalty of constituting a copyright infringement offense. Article 3: Information relating to the content of the Site The information and illustrations appearing on the pages of this Site are based on the technical characteristics in progress at the time of posting or updating of the various pages of the Site. The equipment presented on the vehicles featured on the Site is standard or optional depending on the version. As part of a policy of constant product improvement, it is clear that the manufacturer, Automobiles CITROËN, may change the technical characteristics, equipment, options and colors of the vehicles at any time. Furthermore, current reproduction techniques do not allow the colors, models and / or versions presented on this Site to be faithfully reproduced, as well as their equipment, options and accessories, those distributed in mainland France. They may vary from country to country or may not be available in all countries of the world. In addition, all the prices indicated are recommended retail prices in mainland France. The prices, offers, promotions and similar presented are the sole responsibility of the company owning the Point of Sale Site. The new vehicles in stock presented on this Site are those of the site www.carstore.citroen.fr hereinafter called "Citroën Car Store". We therefore invite you to refer to the legal notices indicated therein. These new vehicles are only sold by and under the responsibility of the establishments that offer them. We draw your attention to the fact that only the signing of a purchase order or reservation with the seller establishment allows the sale or actual reservation of a vehicle. The used vehicles presented on this Site are those of the point of sale of Automobiles CITROËN, company owner of the Site, as identified on said Site. The user is reminded that Automobiles CITROËN is only the host of pages dedicated to the presentation of the stock of used vehicles at its points of sale and is therefore not responsible for the content of these pages. Indeed, the company owning the Site is responsible for the content and updating of all the pages dedicated to the presentation of its stock and in particular the presentation of vehicles and prices. In this context, the User is informed that the visuals of the used vehicles are purely indicative and do not necessarily correspond to the exact version of the used vehicle selected. The automatic update of the Site taking place every day, it is possible that a used vehicle assigned to a customer order during a day is still visible to a user as long as the processing of the update did not happen. The user is therefore invited to consult the point of sale, the company that owns the Site, to find out if the used vehicle remains available. These used vehicles are only sold by and under the responsibility of the establishments that offer them. The user's attention is therefore drawn to the fact that only the signing of an order or reservation form with the seller establishment, owner of the Site allows the sale or actual reservation of a vehicle. The services presented on this Site are those which may be offered by members of the participating CITROËN Automobile network. With regard to spare parts and accessories, the prices mentioned for information purposes are understood to be excluding installation, except in the case of installation packages included. These packages are only valid for the period indicated. The accessories presented on this Site are those of the site www.citroenaccessoires.fr hereinafter referred to as "Citroën Accessories". We therefore invite you to refer to the legal notices indicated therein. These accessories are only sold by and under the responsibility of the establishments which offer them. More generally, it is reminded that as soon as the Site refers to the link of another site, the user should consult the legal notices indicated therein. The CITROËN Automobile sales network is at your disposal to answer all your questions concerning the products and services presented on these sites. We remind you that the company owning the Site is a member of the Automobiles CITROËN sales network, that it is an independent merchant who remains free to determine its own prices and whether or not to participate in the operations offered by Automobiles CITROËN ( including packages) and that it is solely responsible for the information it provides on this Site. Article 4: Personal data The Site has been declared to the CNIL (n ° 1550951). Consultation of this Site is possible without the Internet user having to reveal his identity or any other personal information concerning him. However, the user of the Site is informed that: 1) the collection of his personal data is necessary to respond to his requests for information and / or making an appointment and to send him, if necessary, a letter electronic information; 2) his personal data may also be used in the context of commercial or marketing operations or serve as a basis for studies and analyzes. In accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act of 6 January 1978, as amended by the law of August 6, 2004, the company owning the Site undertakes to: • not make any other use of the personal data of the user other than for the strict purposes specified above; • not to carry out processing, contrary to the purposes set out above, not to publish, disclose or transmit information concerning the user to third parties, without their prior agreement; • only keep the user's personal data in a form allowing their identification for a period not exceeding the time necessary for the purposes for which they are collected and / or processed. Article 5: "Cookies" The cookie is a computer file in text format saved on the Internet user's computer by a Web server when visiting a website. The user is informed that the Citroën Car Store site has set up a cookie system in order to facilitate its navigation and offer personalized information by allowing the server of the aforementioned site to identify it. Only the Citroën Car Store site uses these cookies, only for the purpose of establishing attendance statistics and in order to possibly avoid the number of deliveries of the same information to the same user. In no case do cookies contain personal information. The user can deactivate the sending of cookies by modifying the configuration of their navigation software in the "tools" menu of the taskbar. All information regarding Cookies. The company owner of the Site reserves the right, at any time, to supplement, modify or discontinue temporarily or permanently all or part of the Site without this giving rise to prior information to Internet users. The company owning the Site cannot be held responsible for bugs or computer viruses. The internet user uses this Site under his sole and entire responsibility, the company owning the Site cannot be held liable for direct or indirect damage, such as, in particular, material damage, loss of data or program, financial loss, resulting from the use of this Site or the sites linked to it. The user is also reminded that the information provided on the Site is given for information only and does not engage the responsibility of the company owning the Site. We draw your attention to the fact that certain products or services presented on this Site may be subject to specific regulations or even restrictions and / or prohibitions in certain countries. Article 6: Dispute - Consumer mediation In the event of a dispute between the parties, they will endeavor to resolve it amicably. In the absence of an amicable agreement, the consumer client is informed in accordance with article L.211-3 of the consumer code, that before possibly entering the competent courts of law and following a written complaint to Automobiles Citroën, it has the possibility of entering a mediator registered free of charge on the list of mediators established by the Commission for the evaluation and control of consumer mediation in application of article L.615-1 of the consumer code, namely CMFM Mediation by contacting him by mail at the following address: Cmfm Mediation, 21 rue des Malmaisons - 75013 Paris or on the website www.mediationcmfm.fr. The consumer client remains free to accept or refuse the use of mediation and, in the event of recourse to mediation, each party is free to accept or refuse the solution proposed by the mediator. In the absence of an amicable agreement, recourse to mediation or acceptance by the parties of the solution proposed by the mediator, the dispute between a consumer client will be brought before the court according to the rules of ordinary law. Article 7: Hypertext links The establishment of a hypertext link to this Site requires the prior written consent of Automobiles CITROËN. In any event, Automobiles CITROËN is in no way responsible for the content as well as the products or services offered on the sites to which this Site would be linked by hypertext links or any other type of link, not authorized by Automobiles CITROËN . Article 8: Security You agree, in the use that you make of this Site not to carry out any manipulation likely to cause computer, functional or any order breakdowns affecting the functioning of the Site or any server or service accessible by through the Site. You agree, in particular, to make available, in the space constituted by the Site, only information, data, documents, files that are reliable, harmless and not likely to affect the operation of the Site or any accessible server or service through the Site. You agree, in the use that you make of the Site or of any server or service accessible through the Site: - to respect the national and international laws and regulations in force, as well as the rights of third parties, - to not not to prejudice the image of the PSA Group in any capacity and in any form whatsoever. that you make available in the space constituted by the Site, in particular those resulting from an infringement of personality rights, an intellectual property right, public order, morality, respect for private life (image rights, etc.) or to the criminal provisions of national and / or international laws in force. As such, you agree to indemnify the PSA Group for all costs, charges and expenses that we may have to bear as a result, including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to our company. The company owner of the Site undertakes to implement all the means necessary to ensure the security of the information that you make available to it in the space constituted by the Site. However, the company owning the Site cannot guarantee that messages transmitted by electronic means will not be intercepted. Also, notwithstanding the provisions of article 4 hereof, we invite you not to disclose by this means useless or sensitive personal information. If you wish to communicate such information to the company owning the Site, you must use the postal service. Article 9: Limitation of responsibility The company owner of the Site undertakes to do everything in its power, within the limits of the state of the art, to ensure, under optimal conditions, the functioning of the Site. The company owner of the Site reserves the right, at any time, to complete, modify or discontinue temporarily or permanently all or part of the Site without this giving rise to prior information to Internet users. The company owning the Site cannot be held responsible for bugs or computer viruses. The internet user uses this Site under his sole and entire responsibility, the company owning the Site cannot be held liable for direct or indirect damage, such as, in particular, material damage, loss of data or program, financial loss, resulting from the use of this Site or the sites linked to it. The user is also reminded that the information provided on the Site is given for information only and does not engage the responsibility of the company owning the Site. We draw your attention to the fact that certain products or services presented on this Site may be subject to specific regulations or even restrictions and / or prohibitions in certain countries. Article 10 - Suspension or interruption of access to the site: The company owning the Site may, at any time and without having to justify, limit or suspend, temporarily or not, your access to this Site in the event of: - violation on your part, hereof, without prejudice to any other rights for the benefit of our company, - technical problems related to the infrastructure set up for putting the Site online and operating. In the event of a permanent interruption, you agree to immediately destroy any copy of our Site and / or its content. Article 11: Applicable law This Website and these General Conditions are subject to French law and the text written in French is authentic. Any dispute will fall under the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Paris.