Everything for the road Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Find gas station EnglishFrançais Find your nearest Q8 Retrieve my location Submit Filter Show ... Stations currently open Shop & Go Panos Nespresso CarWash LPG CNG ElectricChargers Bancomat Douwe Egberts AdBlue Has promotion Restaurant UTA Travel Card CNG-LC CNG-HC CHAdeMO CCS charger AC charger Lavazza MTC Card V-pay Fleetpas + PINPas Q8 smiles Diesel Gasoil Industry Extra Lamppetroleum / Kero DKV Xximo MasterCard Cash WIFI EuroCard Maestro American Express Shop Superplus 98 Smart thursday discount IPAY Card Q8 Liberty Card Visa plus points Bancontact Euro 95 Stations Stay in the current crisis we at your service! Our service stations, Delhaize Shop & Go's and Panos will remain open, currently with adjusted opening hours. We are forced to temporarily close our car washes. We ask you to fully respect the guidelines on site. Thank you and stay safe. Saving Smiles Shopping at Delhaize Shop & Go Pleasantly crispy at Panos Mobile refueling Discover all the benefits of Q8 News News Q8 tests parking app that shows real-time free parking spaces on the street An estimated 1 in 3 cars in the city is looking for a parking spot. This is also the cause of the poor traffic flow in our cities, resulting in stress, loss of time and air pollution. Q8 Belgium - which is increasingly focusing on improved mobility - has its headquarters in Antwerp and therefore an affinity with this problem. Read more News Refueling with your smartphone at Q8 Refueling via an app on your smartphone, without bank cards or codes that you have to remember: it is now possible thanks to the Q8 smiles app and a collaboration with Bancontact Payconic Company in the Belgian Q8 stations . “We want to make refueling as quick and comfortable as possible for our customers,” says Koen Vankelst, Operations Director Q8 Northwest Europe. Read more News Q8, Delhaize and Panos celebrate Shop & Go's 20th anniversary with a new, unique store concept We are all on the road more than ever, so we are also increasingly demanding a quick snack in between and shopping along the way. We would like it to be healthier, more qualitative, faster and more personal. Q8, Delhaize and Panos have understood that well. Read more More news More about Q8 Life becomes 2% cheaper at Q8 With the Beobank Q8 World Mastercard, refueling, shopping and heating become 2% cheaper at Q8. On your other purchases that you pay with the card worldwide (except at other petrol stations), you also get a 0.5% discount. That way you get even more out of life. Note, borrowing money also costs money. Credit opening. Request your card today The cards of Q8: your freedom on the road Having the freedom to choose where you fill up is what the Q8 Liberty Card offers. Wherever you are in the Benelux, there is always a Q8 station nearby. In addition, the Q8 fuel card offers numerous advantages. Do you need optimal flexibility and mobility? Then the Q8 Mobility Card is for you. Discover the benefits of the Q8 fuel cards The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Immediately report a defect Request a ticket complaint I have a comment The world of Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient offer Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Voet menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures