Q8, Delhaize and Panos celebrate Shop & Go's 20th anniversary with a new, unique store concept | Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Find a gas station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home News Q8, Delhaize and Panos celebrate 20th anniversary Shop & Go with new, unique store concept Q8, Delhaize and Panos celebrate 20th anniversary Shop & Go with new, unique store concept Mon, 02/03/2020 - 10:19 Typical tank shop disappears We are all of us on the road more than ever, so we are also increasingly demanding a quick bite in between and shopping on the go. We would like it to be healthier, more qualitative, faster and more personal. Q8, Delhaize and Panos have understood that well. On their 20th anniversary, their Shop & Go gets a unique, refined concept with a salad bar, hot meals, an open bakery and paying with a quick scan in a cozy interior. “We literally put our employees first for a personal service. Just like 20 years ago, we anticipate current trends with this unique store concept, with the aim of serving the customer of today and tomorrow even better. ” We can hardly imagine it, but 20 years ago, gas stations were purely necessary stops to refuel, perhaps to go to the toilet quickly and buy a fatty snack or cigarettes in the mini-shop. Selling fresh sandwiches, vegetables and charcuterie to a gas station was a crazy idea that was looked at with some skepticism. Because who would want to shop there? But look, 20 years after Q8, Delhaize and Panos opened their first Shop & Go in Louvain-La-Neuve, it has been a huge success with 122 stores and a million shoppers a week. “This makes us the fastest growing shop at a petrol station,” says Bert Gillis, Retail Director Q8 NorthWest Europe. The sales of fresh food (+ 70%), drinks (+ 66%) and sandwiches (+ 49%) in particular have increased enormously in recent years. The range was therefore supplemented thanks to partnerships with well-known and high-quality brands such as Nespresso and recently Godiva. Faster, healthier and more refined And the three strong brands continue to innovate. “Just like 20 years ago, we want to anticipate trends that we see coming,” says Bert Gillis. “We are all almost constantly on the road nowadays, so eating and shopping in between takes place according to the same principles as in other shops: healthier, more qualitative, more comfortable and faster. We notice that our shoppers are also "on-the-go" gourmets and want to find refined products. We respond fully to this. The rise of electric driving is also an important evolution that we take into account. We already have charging stations at many of our stations, so we also want to offer something for people who are waiting for their car to be charged. ” So for its 20th anniversary, the Delhaize Shop & Go with Panos gets a completely new, unique concept with which the label "tank shop" disappears forever. The new shops, which can already be found in Antwerp, Jurbise and Namur, have a quick scan for extra efficiency and the traditional aisles make way for a central island with an employee to greet you and an open Panos bakery. There is also a salad bar where you can compose salads yourself. “Delhaize is proud that this innovative store concept was developed together with strong partners Q8 and Panos. The contrast with the first Shop & Go 20 years ago couldn't be greater. By focusing on healthy, service and quality we can now offer a fantastic shopping experience to our customers. And that's what it's all about today, "said Kris Volckaert, Delhaize's vice president of affiliated stores. The range also expands with hot meals and a gift range. "After all, we notice that more and more people are picking up a gift to take with them on the road and they do not want to notice that they have bought it quickly." Q8, Delhaize and Panos continue to expect strong growth ambitions, as a result of which this turnover will increase turnover by at least 6% - or twice as much as other convenience stores. But the ambition goes even further. “There is still as much as possible. For example, we would like to make the store even more attractive to a wider audience. So who knows, maybe we can look into a partnership with a perfume, cosmetics or decoration brand. We already have the ambition to continue to grow in order to be able to tell a great success story again in 20 years. ” Press contact Karen SleursCommunicatiebureau Wyngs [email protected] 0485 28 73 52 About Q8 With over 540 service stations and fuel delivery to professional end users and resellers, Q8 is one of the largest fuel players on the Belgian market. Specifically for the transport sector, Q8 has 40 International Diesel Services (IDS) stations in Belgium. Moreover, the business and service of Q8 goes much further than just fuels. The company is also active in the production, marketing and sales of Q8 lubricants. In retail, Q8 in Belgium, together with Delhaize and Panos, also has a strong network of 122 local 'Shop & Go' convenience stores. Furthermore, Q8, together with partner Ionity, is also taking steps in the e-Mobility market with a network of (fast) chargers. the stations. Q8's ambition is to focus even more on broad mobility-oriented services. Q8 therefore continues to innovate and invest in future-oriented opportunities that make every customer journey more sustainable. In 2019, Q8 was voted Best Fuel Brand in Belgium. About Delhaize Le Lion / De Leeuw In January 2020, the Delhaize Le Lion / De Leeuw network had no fewer than 800 stores in various formulas (supermarkets Delhaize, AD Delhaize, Proxy Delhaize, Shop & Go and Fresh Atelier) in Belgium and Luxembourg for a unique shopping experience and to be able to offer a quality service. Customers can also do their shopping online via www.delhaize.be, both through pick-up points and home delivery. Delhaize offers a wide range with more than 20,000 high-quality products. Thanks to its 8 private brands (365, Delhaize, Taste of Inspirations, Delhaize Bio, Delhaize Extra, Delhaize Eco, Delhaize No gluten & Delhaize Veggie), Delhaize can meet all customer needs. Delhaize, which realized a turnover of more than 5 billion euros in 2018 and had a market share of 24% * in Belgium, has more than 32,000 employees. Delhaize Le Lion / De Leeuw is part of Ahold Delhaize, a global retail group operating in 10 countries and employing approximately 372,000 people. The Ahold Delhaize network has over 6,700 stores that attract more than 50 million customers every week. * Source AC Nielsen About Panos Panos has been the reference in Belgium since 1982 for sandwiches, sweet bakery products and hot snacks and since 1997 a strong partnership with Q8. The 275 Panos points of sale are distinguished by values ​​such as craftsmanship, good value for money, freshness, efficiency and fun. With the open Panos bakery in the Q8 new shop concept, we strengthen these values ​​so that we can surprise and seduce our guests even more with a fresh range of tasty, fresh and healthy bakery products for every moment of the day. Our guests receive a quick and personal service with a smile for free. The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Immediately report a defect Request a ticket I have a comment The world from Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient range Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test along with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Foot menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures