Refuel quickly and cheaply at Q8 easy | Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Find a petrol station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home At our unmanned Q8 easy stations you fill up quickly and economically Q8 easy, quickly and economically refuel The name Q8 easy says it all: easily refuel your car and quickly get back on the road to continue your trip. For those who can go just a little faster and with less fuss: in Belgium you will find over 110 Q8 easy stations where you can go for an economical refueling. Higher discounts at the pump The Q8 easy stations are unmanned filling stations. So there are no shops and no staff, and you can tell by the advantageous pump prices. Here you always enjoy a significant discount on the official fuel prices. On average you save even 10 cents per liter by refueling in a Q8 easy station. On a 50-liter refueling, that quickly amounts to a discount of no less than 5 euros! We will immediately deduct that discount from the price you see at the pump and apply to everyone. The discount level may vary by region and depends on the price level of local competition or promotions. More information about the discounts at Q8 easy Save your Smiles here Another advantage of Q8 easy: in addition to a nice discount, you can also immediately save Smiles with every refueling. Scan your Q8 smiles card or app on your Q8 easy pump, and save 1 Smiles per liter of fuel you refuel. Unmanned is not unloved Q8 easy gas stations are equipped with high-quality technology to guarantee your safety. All unmanned filling stations are monitored and monitored 24/24. We also want to guarantee your safety on the road. For example, there is always a tire blower available so you can always hit the road with the correct tire pressure. You get that air for free, because traffic safety is invaluable. In addition, our watchmen are constantly on the road to maintain these Q8 easy stations. Thanks to them you can refuel at a clean station, the bins are emptied and there are always wipes available to clean your hands after refueling. Because it is not because we do not have a shop or staff on site that we leave you completely to your own devices. Where is my nearest Q8 easy? The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Immediately report a defect Request a ticket I have a comment The world from Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient range Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test along with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Foot menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures