The best break on the way is with a Nespresso | Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Find a gas station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home The best break on the way is with a Nespresso The best coffee stop with Nespresso Busy, busy, busy! Always on the road and not a moment for yourself? Then take that well-deserved break at a Q8 petrol station to enjoy a tasty Nespresso. It may not be served by George Clooney, but that's why it's no less delicious! What tastes better than a nice cup of coffee on the go? Each capsule contains the best coffee in the world. Blended, roasted and ground with the greatest expertise of the Nespresso Experts. A pure cup of luck! You can choose from seven types of delicious coffee. So there is something for everyone. Not sure which of the seven flavors to choose? We will help you on your way. Where can I enjoy my Nespresso at Q8 A good cup of coffee? Didn't you sleep well last night? Or do you have to go to that one late meeting after a long and tiring working day? Then you can use a great cup of coffee on the way. So definitely try one of our Espresso's. Exactly that caffeine kick you need! Ristretto Ristretto - Intense and persistent Ristretto is a strongly roasted, pure Arabica from Central and South America. The coffee has a full body that reveals a unique chocolate accent. A strong cup of coffee balled in barely 25ml. Espresso forte Round and balanced This strongly roasted espresso, which is exclusively composed of Arabica's from Central and South America, has a complex aroma in which roasted and fruity accents are nicely balanced. Espresso Leggero Light and refreshing Espresso Leggero, a delicious blend of South American Arabica and Robusta. It owes its light chocolate and grain accents to its balanced body. Can it be a bit softer? Fancy a cup of coffee without your heart rate racing towards 180, but still with enough flavor? Then choose a Lungo. Not the best coffee on the market, but the ideal cup for someone who wants to enjoy on the go. Lungo Forte Elegant and roasted This unique and complex blend of Arabica from Central and South America is characterized by strong roasted accents and a subtle fruity note. Lungo Leggero Floral and refreshing Lungo Leggero is a subtle, very lightly roasted blend of Arabica from East Africa and Central and South America. This highly aromatic coffee is distinguished by its subtle bouquet of floral notes reminiscent of jasmine. A coffee without caffeine? You like to drink coffee but you don't have sleepless nights? Or do you get nervous about coffee, but do you like it so much? Then a Decaffeinato is your ideal coffee. So don't hesitate and enjoy your cup of happiness. Espresso Decaffeinato Full and power This strong roasted blend of South American Arabica and a hint of Robusta is characterized by a full body that reveals subtle roasted chocolate and grain accents. Lungo Decaffeinato Smooth and Aromatic This naturally decaffeinated variety is a balanced blend of South American Arabica and Robusta. The coffee offers an accent of red fruits that is balanced by a soft grain-like note. Drink and enjoy Discover the seven different varieties offered in the Q8 petrol stations and make your car journey a journey into the extraordinary, stimulating all your taste buds. Are you ready for your well-deserved coffee break on the go? Then quickly enjoy your Nespresso at a Q8 near you! What is the shortest way to my Nespresso? The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Immediately report a defect Request a ticket I have a comment The world from Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient range Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test along with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Foot menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures