Q8 and the environment Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Search for a gas station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home Our energy-efficient offer Q8 is working on an energy-efficient offer. Q8 wants to set a good example in order to use energy efficiently. How can we do that better than with deliberate efforts to optimize energy efficiency in our gas stations and our product offering? Energy-efficient products CNG: Compressed Natural Gas CNG (Compressed Natural Gas), or natural gas under pressure, guarantees great driving comfort and an autonomy comparable to that of other fuels. With a full tank you can drive no less than 500km. A hybrid engine that combines natural gas and petrol can even last up to 1000 km. In addition, the CNG technology is extremely safe. You can refuel and park anywhere, including underground. Q8 currently has 5 stations where you can refuel CNG, and is looking at its further expansion options. Read more about CNG Fast charging stations through partnership with EDF Luminus As we are always looking for ways to provide more environmentally friendly alternatives to fossil fuels, Q8 has entered into a partnership with EDF Luminus to provide two fast charging stations for electric cars at 18 Q8 stations in 2017. to install. The charging capacity of these new fast charging stations is 50 kW. This allows you to charge up to 80% of the battery in just 30 minutes. It will also be much easier to plug in the electric car. The charging stations have multi-standard plugs, so that all common electric cars have access to the charging station. The charging stations will be installed on motorways and main roads in Belgium. They will be part of a European network of electric charging stations that can be found throughout Italy, France, Belgium and the United Kingdom. By installing these fast charging stations at the Q8 stations, motorists will be able to drive all over Belgium with their electric car from next year without having to worry about an empty battery. More about our fast charging stations Stations with solar panels Q8 has also installed solar panels at a large number of stations. In this way, we save energy and generate energy in an ecologically responsible manner. A number of these Q8 stations are therefore largely self-sufficient in their power consumption. Other Other energy-efficient initiatives include closed refrigerators in the shops, LED lighting inside and outside the stations, green roofs, water recovery systems, heat recovery cooling systems and much more. Q8 is constantly looking for opportunities to contribute to the environment and energy efficiency. The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Immediately report a defect Request a ticket I have a comment The world from Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient range Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test along with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Foot menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures