Cookie statement | Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Search for a gas station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home Cookie statement www.Q8.be Cookie statement www.Q8.be This Cookie statement applies to the website www.q8.be. (hereinafter referred to as “website”). The website is operated by Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV, with registered office at Brusselstraat 59 Box 1, 2018 Antwerp, RPR Antwerp - Antwerp department, VAT BE 0404.584.525 (hereinafter referred to as “KPB”). This Cookie Statement explains which cookies and other automated processing is used on the Website. By visiting or using the Website, you expressly agree to the use of cookies as described in this statement. If you cannot agree to this cookie statement, you must stop any further use of the Website. KPB's use of cookies is in line with KPB's general policy regarding the protection of your privacy and the processing of your personal data. For more information and an overview of your rights in this regard, please see the Privacy Policy at https://www.q8.be/nl/privacybeleid. WHAT ARE COOKIES AND OTHER FILES? Cookies are small text files that are placed temporarily or permanently on your computer or device via the browser by the server of the Websites or application. The cookies contain a unique code that allows you to recognize your browser during your visit to the website ('these are the so-called' session cookies') or during later / future visits (these are the so-called 'permanent cookies'). placed on your computer or device, include HTML5 storage, cached files, app profiles etc, and Websites and applications may also use the processing capabilities of your device to continue to provide operation of the Website and applications or for other purposes. Throughout this Cookie Policy we would like to refer to cookies, files, tags and other forms of processing or storage with the collective term “cookies”. Cookies allow to facilitate, complete and personalize the use of the Website. USE OF COOKIES The KPB Website uses different types of cookies: 2.1 Necessary cookies These cookies are essential to visit the Website and to use certain parts of it. These cookies allow you to navigate between different parts of the Website or to fill in forms. If you refuse these cookies, certain parts of the Website will not work (optimally). These cookies are stored when you submit a form, log in or otherwise interact with the Website instead of clicking a hyperlink. 2.2 Functional cookies The functional cookies are cookies that make the Website more user-friendly and pleasant and that provide a more personalized surfing experience. For example, they store your language preferences, as well as cookies that track whether or not you were asked to participate in a survey, so that you don't see the same survey all the time. 2.3 Performance cookies These cookies are used to collect information about how the website visitor uses the Website, such as information regarding the pages visited or the number of error messages, in order to track the use of the Website. analyze and optimize. 2.4 Advertising cookies These cookies are used to adapt advertising messages to your personal interests and needs. They are also used to limit the number of times the same advertisement is shown. In addition, they also help to measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaigns. They are usually placed by advertising networks with our permission. LIST OF COOKIES USED Below you will find an overview of the cookies of KPB and other service providers that are used on this Website. This list of cookies was last updated on the date indicated at the bottom of this Cookie Policy. The list will be regularly supplemented with future cookies that are used on the website. KPB can use both session and persistent cookies. Session cookies allow a website administrator to link your actions only during your browsing session when you open your internet browser. Persistent cookies are stored on your device for a specific time specified in the cookie. You will also find this period below for each cookie. 3.1 First Party Cookies The First party cookies, namely the cookies that are placed on the Website by KPB itself, are: __calitrack: and __calitrack_sess: (retention period: end of the session); these cookies make it possible to track your activity on the Website (for example, which pages have been visited, which banners you click on, your location when you search for the nearest station and you agree to share your location, etc.). (retention period: 365 days) cookie_compliance: this cookie is required to keep track of the cookies we can store on your device; (retention period: 100 days) fuel_favorite: this cookie stores your preferred fuel type; (retention period: 1 year) station_favorite: this cookie stores the desired filling station; (retention period: 1 year) ab-test cookie: this cookie allows us to test the promotional campaigns we run by saving which campaign is shown to the user; (retention period: 10 days) PREF: The PREF cookie remembers basic preferences, such as choice of language, format of search results, how to display information, so the visitor don't need to set preferences each time he use the site. 3.2 Third-party cookies Third-party cookies, namely cookies placed by an entity or domain other than the Website being visited, include: o _gat: this cookie allows to perform statistical analysis using the Google Analytics tool (for more information: https://www.google.com/analytics/) (Retention period: 10 minutes) o _ga: this cookie also makes it possible to perform statistical analyzes using the Google Analytics tool, and in particular makes it possible to distinguish between individual users (visitors) (for more information see: https://www.google.com/analytics/) (retention period: 2 years) _gid: The user visit on calibrate.be is measured anonymously via Google Universal Analytics in order to optimize the information on calibrate.be. Google Analytics is set up so that the IP address is neither processed nor shared. (permanent cookies with a maximum validity of 2 years) _hjIncludedInSample: To gain insight into the click, scroll and view behavior of the visitors, we use Hotjar cookies. The cookie contains a unique identifier (UUID), which makes it possible to track the same visitor on multiple pages and sessions. This session cookie is placed to let Hotjar know whether a visitor has been included in the sample; fr: cookie placed by Facebook. This cookie is placed for Facebook advertising (retention period: 3 months); IDE: We also use one or more cookies for advertisements that we show all over the internet. One of the main advertising cookies on non-Google sites is called 'IDE' and is stored in browsers under the domain doubleclick.net. Another is stored in google.com and is called ANID. We use other cookies with names such as DSID, FLC, AID, TAID and exchange_uid. Other Google properties, such as YouTube, may also use these cookies to show you more relevant ads. _cfduid: the Cloudflare cookie is used to ensure that the web pages load faster; This does not track user information and no userID. This cookie is also used by cloudflare to add security settings per visitor. Eg: If cloud flare detects that your machine may be infected, they will show the visitor a security challenge. 1P_JAR, DV: Google cookie. These cookies are used to collect website statistics and track conversion rates and Google ad personalization. VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE: Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. YSC: Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. 'SID' and 'HSID': These cookies that contain digitally signed and encrypted information about a user's Google account ID and the most recent login time. By combining these two cookies, we can block all kinds of attacks, such as attempts to steal the content of forms you fill in on web pages. NID: Most Google users have a preference cookie 'NID' in their browsers. A browser sends this cookie with requests to the Google sites. The NID cookie contains a unique ID that Google uses to remember your preferences and other information, such as your preferred language (for example, Dutch), how many search results you want to display per page (for example, 10 or 20), and whether you want the SafeSearch filter Want to enable Google. Google uses cookies such as NID and SID to customize advertisements on Google sites, such as Google Search. For example, we use such cookies to remember your most recent searches, your previous interactions with an advertiser's ads or search results, and your visits to an advertiser's website. For example, we can show you customized advertisements on Google. COOKIE MANAGEMENT You can change your cookie settings in your internet browser. You can find these settings in the menu "options" or "preferences" of your internet browser. To understand these settings, the following links may be helpful. If not, you can always use the "help" option of your internet browser for more details. Cookie settings in Internet Explorer Cookie settings in Firefox Cookie settings in Chrome Cookie settings in Safari You can find more information about cookies and similar tags and files on the following pages. http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ (a guide to behavioral advertising and online privacy, produced by the internet advertising industry). CHANGES KPB reserves the right to change this Cookie Policy at any time. It is your responsibility to regularly check the applicable Cookie Policy and to consult the latest version. This Cookie Policy was last updated and reviewed on 6/02/2020. CONTACT INFORMATION The company is responsible for the processing of these cookies. If these processing operations contain personal data, our Privacy Policy applies. You can always contact us at the following email address: [email protected]. By clicking on the following link, you can delete all cookies placed by this website: Delete these cookies Q8 services All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Arrange immediately Report a defect Request a ticket I have a complaint I have a comment The world of Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient offer Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On-demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Voet menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures