Redeem your Smiles | Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Search for a gas station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home What do you trade your Smiles for? What do you trade your Smiles for? Choose what you prefer to spend your Smiles on: beauty products, fashion, sports equipment, electronics ... Q8 smiles has something for everyone! Start to Smile At Q8 Discount at the pump Empty tank? Smile! Scan your € 5 gift voucher from Q8 at the checkout in the shop and fill up your tank ... with a discount. Discount at Delhaize Shop & Go You can also refuel in our shops. A snack, a drink, or even a full meal! You exchanged 500 Smiles for a Q8 gift voucher? Scan it at the cash register and grab that € 5 right away. At the Q8 smiles partners ICI PARIS XL Perfume, cosmetics, skin care: at ICI PARIS XL you will find everything you need to shine. And thanks to your Smiles that little bit more. 500 Smiles = gift voucher worth € 5 H&M Do you like to be fashionably dressed at a competitive price? With a € 5 H&M gift voucher you really have no reason to leave your next fantastic outfit. 500 Smiles = gift voucher worth € 5 Decathlon Are you a cyclist, swimmer, runner, yoga freak or camping fanatic? Jump to Decathlon with your € 5 gift voucher! 500 Smiles = gift voucher worth € 5 Krëfel Is that old laptop due for replacement? Or did the screen of your smartphone explode? Smile! Because your visit to Krëfel will be even more fun with a € 5 discount. 500 Smiles = gift voucher worth € 5 Kinepolis Blockbusterlover, Disney fan or indie-adept: trade in your Smiles and enjoy your favorite movie for free! 950 Smiles = one cinema ticket Smartphoto Immortalize your best family moments and best holiday snaps in a photo album at Smartphoto. Big smile guaranteed, because the possibilities are endless: 500 Smiles = € 5 gift voucher 600 Smiles = 25 free printed photos 950 Smiles = free photo book with 52 photos 950 Smiles = free desk calendar Auto5 A tire change, check your brakes or save for a electric scooter? Visit Auto5 with your Smiles and find everything you need on the go. 500 Smiles = € 5 discount Fleurop-Interflora Put an instant smile on the face of your birthday grandmother or cool colleague with a bouquet of Fleurop-Interflora. They deliver anywhere in the world and at home. 500 Smiles = € 5 discount Need help? Watch these videos How do you redeem Smiles? How to register for Q8 smiles? How do you apply for a Q8 smiles card? View all videos Questions about Q8 smiles? Smile, here you will find the answer The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Immediately report a defect Request a ticket complaint I have a comment The world of Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient range Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Voet menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures