Panos, the sandwich shop at Q8 | Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Find a gas station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home Panos, the sandwich shop at Q8 Refuel yourself in our Panos Did you get hungry en route but are you not home yet? Then you can fill your empty stomach in the Panos at Q8. Every day you will find an extensive range of oven-fresh products here. Breakfast like an emperor ... Didn't have time in the morning for breakfast before braving the morning rush? Or have you been stuck in traffic for so long that the hungry feeling starts to gnaw again? In our Panos corners you can treat yourself to tasty oven-fresh croissants, pastries, rice cakes or chocolate rolls. If you prefer to eat less calories that early in the morning, you can always try one of our healthy muesli or yoghurts. ... and lunch like a king. In the afternoon you can order the tastiest and crispiest sandwiches in our Panos corners. From a traditional smoske to the most surprising preparations, you will definitely find something between our freshly baked and freshly prepared sandwiches. All our sandwiches are also prepared according to the strict HACCP guidelines. Do you feel like something extra after that sandwich? Maybe a fresh raspberry crumble or a chocolate mousse is the ideal dessert for you. After four o'clock Another appointment in the late afternoon or evening for which you need to gain the necessary strength? Then try one of our tasty hot snacks. With pizza, panizza (a delicious combination of panini and pizza) and sausage rolls on offer, you will certainly find the ideal snack that will keep you going until late at night. Your sandwich is already baked For many it may be a recognizable scenario: you have forgotten to go to the bakery to buy a loaf of bread, but on the other hand you do not feel like bread from the bread machine. Then just get your freshly baked bread from our Panos! We bake oven-fresh Qubo breads all day long. You can choose from a whole range of freshly baked bread and this until late in the evening: Find the Panos near me Qubo White: The classic white bread, nice and light with a crispy crust. Qubo Brown: The classic brown bread, a rich taste with a crunchy crust. Qubo Black Forest: A rich mix of seeds and grains, yet surprisingly airy. Qubo 100% Whole Grain: Packed with fiber, minerals and vitamins. Qubo 7 Grains: As the name says, with 7 healthy and delicious grains. Qubo Born: Packed with fiber, minerals, unsaturated fatty acids and vitamins. Qubo Breughel: Artisanal light brown bread with a firm crumb. Qubo Craquelique: The heavenly cross between a raisin bread and sugar bread. Lots of choice and always fresh, just like at your bakery from around the corner, but with the long opening hours of the Q8 station. It is something different, but super easy when you realize in the evening that you have forgotten a loaf of bread. The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Immediately report a defect Request a ticket I have a comment The world from Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient range Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test along with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Foot menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures