Fast and carefree parking in the heart of Antwerp | Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Find a petrol station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home Fast and carefree parking in the heart of Antwerp No more searching for parking spaces and payment terminals Test now the new Android parking apps from Q8 * Download Q8 parking finder Download Q8 pay parking * Both apps are only available for the test period until the end of June for Android phones. Q8 parking finder The fastest way to find free parking spaces in the heart of Antwerp Finding a free parking space on the street within the Singel of Antwerp takes an average of 10 minutes. This not only causes stress and frustration, it also regularly leads to late appointments. This is evident from research among our customers. That is why we developed the Q8 parking finder. Download Q8 parking finder Save time Find a free parking space up to 3.5 times faster Stress-free parking No more stress, just follow the parking navigation Always on time The navigation shows you the travel time including parking and walking to your destination Pay directly Parking with the Q8 pay parking app of 4411 Find your destination and car Follow the walking navigation to your final destination and find your car. Because I live and work in a city, I have to find a lot of parking space on the street. This means that I spend a lot of time driving around streets looking for parking places. The app saves me a lot of time and helps to reduce useless driving around. Download Q8 parking finder Q8 pay parking Never pay too much (or too little with a chance of a fine) More than half of our customers regularly pay too much for parking. And a third often spends time looking for a payment machine on the street. We find a waste of money and waste of time at Q8. That is why we developed the Q8 pay parking app. Are you already using the 4411 app? Then the Q8 pay parking app will automatically recognize you when you log in with your 4411 details. Download Q8 pay parking Parking everywhere Park in more than 70 cities in Belgium on the street and in garages Never pay too much (or too little) Start and stop a session to the minute. So no more fines No forgotten running session UNIQUE! Receive a notification if you are going to drive and still have an ongoing session Forget payment terminals No more searching and queuing at payment terminals Easy payment Pay automatically via your chosen payment option (transaction cost of € 0.25 per session) Pay the right price and don't have to think about where to pay Download Q8 pay parking Read in the manual how to activate the Q8 pay parking app: Files Manual for pay parking After installing the apps, we ask you to agree to the terms of use. Are you already one of our testers and do you have a question or comment? Click here for the FAQ of Q8 pay parking app and Q8 parking finder app and the contact details of our Customer Service. The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Immediately report a defect Request a ticket I have a comment The world from Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient range Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test along with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Foot menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures