Q8, your economical stop on the way | Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Find a gas station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home Q8, your economical stop on the way Q8, your economical stop on the way Every disadvantage has its advantage! And that is certainly the case when you come to refuel at Q8. We are always on the road. Usually it is a disadvantage if you have to refuel again, but with Q8 this is always an advantage. Because with us you will find everything for the road. Do you enjoy these benefits at Q8… Delhaize Shop & Go Having to work overtime again, supermarkets already closed and nothing in the house? Or just no time to wait a long time at the checkout? Then there is the Delhaize Shop & Go at Q8 with its long opening hours and wide range of fresh products! You can shop with us when the other supermarkets have been closed for a long time. Fancy a midnight snack? No problem! Many of our Shop & Go's are also open 24/24 and this 7/7. So at Q8 you kill two birds with one stone, and you have all the advantages of a convenience store with the longest opening hours. Discover all the benefits of Delhaize Shop & Go Panos No time for an extensive lunch, but you want a sandwich, tasty and fresh? Then you are at the right place at Q8. In more than a hundred Q8 stations you will find a Panos with delicious crispy sandwiches for everyone's taste. All products are baked on site and prepared according to the strict HACCP guidelines. Do you feel like something warm? Then there is also pizza and other hot snacks on the menu. And a lunch is not complete without a dessert! That is why you will also find muffins, rice cakes and other delicious pastries with us. Discover Panos at Q8 Save Smiles at Q8 At Q8 you are now rewarded with Smiles with every refueling or purchase in the shop. Saved 500 Smiles? Exchange these for nice gifts: discounts at the pump or in the shop, or at one of our Q8 smiles partners. You choose! You earn Smiles in two ways: You get 1 Smile per liter of fuel you refuel. You get 1 Smile per euro that you spend in our shops. Register quickly Nespresso Busy, busy, busy! Always on the road and not a moment for yourself? Then take a well-deserved break in one of our Q8 petrol stations to enjoy a tasty Nespresso. Because what tastes better than a nice cup of coffee on the go? It may not be served by George Clooney himself, but it is no less delicious! To my favorite Nespresso. And that's not all. In addition to all these services, we have some nice extras at our petrol stations to make it as pleasant as possible for you. This way you will no longer lose valuable time after you refuel and you will no longer drive unnecessary kilometers. Car wash Can your car use a thorough wash? In some of our stations you will also find a car wash that makes your car shine like never before. You can choose from different washing programs, specially tailored to your needs. We are happy to guarantee you a beautiful end result. bpack parcel locker Did you buy some nice stuff at a webshop last night? But is there no one at home to receive the package? That is no longer a problem! You can now find a bpack parcel locker in a number of our stations. There you can collect all your online purchases for free without losing time. Inflating your tires for free Did you know that you can save a lot of fuel by checking your tire pressure regularly? We also thought of that at Q8. You can check your tire pressure for free at almost all our stations and inflate it if necessary. Good for the wallet, but also for your safety. And that is very important to us! Free WiFi Want to know exactly where there is traffic jam? Or do you need to answer a few more emails quickly? We ensure that you are also available online at our petrol stations. Many of our Q8 stations are equipped with Telenet Hotspots. This way you will not miss anything important and you will not be bored for a moment. Are you in a rush? Then Q8 easy is for you! Do you want to refuel quickly and cheaply, without all the above services? Then our unmanned Q8 easy gas stations are exactly what you are looking for. By the way, when refueling, don't forget to scan your Q8 smiles app or card. This way you also save Smiles on top of the discount you already get. So here also only benefits! Not just any petrol station At Q8 you will find everything for the road. We do everything we can to make it as pleasant as possible for you in our petrol stations. With all our services, we also ensure that you do not have to lose extra time. We combine the practical with the pleasant. So a win-win situation. Do you want to know which services your nearest Q8 station has? Then check it out quickly at the station locator! Where is my nearest Q8 station? The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Immediately report a defect Request a ticket I have a comment The world from Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient range Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test along with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Foot menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures