Test along with Q8 innovations | Q8 innovations Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Find a gas station Nederlands Kruimelpad Home Test along with Q8 innovations Test along with Q8 innovations Q8 innovations in brief Most people know Q8 from the manned filling stations with Shop & Go, Panos and Nespresso, and from the unmanned filling stations Q8easy. We want to offer our customers much more than just fuel. We are rapidly evolving from a petroleum player to a broader mobility player with all kinds of services that offer our customers more comfort and make mobility easier and more sustainable. More info about Q8 innovations Research and testing of innovative new services We test all new services we come up with. We usually do this with a small, interested group of people. Would you like to participate in one or more of our tests? Register below without obligation. Every new service that Q8 innovations launches has been preceded by a process of research and testing. The launch itself is often also part of the test. For these studies and tests, Q8 innovations uses a group of interested people who want to share their opinions and experiences. Only in this way can we develop a service that perfectly suits the needs of our customer. Are you also interested in our developments and do you want to participate? Then read on and register as a participant. What can you expect? First of all, we will occasionally ask you a few questions. These questions are usually related to mobility or your own behavior regarding mobility. In addition, we will invite you to participate in tests of new services. You can think of an app or a new functionality at our petrol stations or online. Questionnaires will also be part of these tests. An innovation process consists of several stages. Sometimes a phase is fast, the other slow. Also, tests are often regionally bound. As a result, we cannot indicate a certain regularity that you can expect a question from us. You can terminate your participation at any time or indicate that you do not want to participate in a specific test. Register test panel If you want to register for our test panel, please fill in your details below. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them via [email protected]. Thank you in advance. Your name Your email address Your phone number Your interests Mobility All forms of transport Mobility related services All mobility related services such as insurance, roadside assistance, etc. Electro Mobility Everything that has to do with electric vehicles and charging options Yes, Q8 innovations may approach me for surveys and pilots Your data is stored in our database. You agree with our terms and conditions Send Leave this field blank The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Report defect Request a ticket I have a complaint I have a comment The world of Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient offer Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Voet menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures