Your freedom on the road Q8 Liberty Card Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Liberty Card Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Filling station search NederlandsFrançais The fuel cards of Q8 Your freedom on the road Q8 Liberty Card The classic fuel card Q8 Mobility Card Mobility solution tailored to the employee * Available from € 2.65 per month - prepaid Request a quote for Q8 Liberty fuel card Request your Q8 Liberty fuel card online Register Q8 Liberty Web Request a quote for Q8 Mobility Card Apply for your Q8 Mobility Card online Register Q8 Mobility Card Self Service Refueling at more than 730 petrol stations Advantage: always a petrol station nearby Online management of your cards Advantage: Q8 Liberty Web Advantage: Q8 Mobility Card Self Service Electronic invoicing Benefit: Q8 Liberty Web Benefit: Q8 Mobility Self Service Mobile tools for cardholders Benefit: Q8 app Benefit: Milo app Discover all the benefits of the Q8 Liberty Card Discover all the benefits of the Q8 Mobility Card No more fuel card needed at Q8! Mobile refueling: fast, safe, easy and flexible From now on, Q8 Liberty cardholders can refuel mobile. Mobile Refueling is simply possible with your smartphone. Learn more about Mobile Refueling News News Ready for the future The Q8 fleet department continuously renews its products and services to meet the changing needs of fleet managers. Read more News Charging an electric car in 20 minutes at Q8 21 March 2018 - Charging your electric car for a distance of 300 kilometers in less than 20 minutes? Thanks to Q8 and IONITY, the future of e-mobility is accelerating: the network of 400 high-power charging stations along major European highways should be ready by 2020. After the summer, one of the very first charging stations will be installed on Belgian soil. Read more News Q8 Knokke, now with Delhaize Shop & Go and Panos there Knokke-Heist, March 15, 2018 - From now on, you can also buy many fresh products in the new Delhaize Shop & Go at the Q8 station on Natiënlaan in Knokke. Panos. Q8 customers can now shop extensively in a pleasant store with long opening hours. Read more More news Need help or information? Take a look at the frequently asked questions Looking for a gas station? Find a gas station via our station locator. Q8 expands his cards in the context of a Cafeteria Plan Boni or pay holiday allowances tax-friendly? This can be done with the Q8 Liberty or the Q8 Mobility Card. The amounts of employees who have registered for this 'Cafeteria' program are fully automatically charged as an annual limit. If desired, this limit can be broken down into monthly limits, the balances of which are carried over to the next period. If you would like more information about this, please contact [email protected] More about Q8 At Q8 Easy you can quickly and easily refuel unmanned At Q8 easy you can easily and safely fill your car and get back on the road to continue the trip. On the way that often should not be anymore, unless you prefer to enjoy an oven-fresh sandwich or a delicious cup of coffee in between. For those who can run just a little faster and with less fuss: In Belgium you will find more than 110 Q8 easy stations where you can go for an economical refueling. Discover Q8 easy stations on your route! Together for more road safety As one of the largest fuel players on the Belgian market, Q8 attaches great importance to safety in and around traffic. Q8 is therefore joining forces with the VIAS institute (former BRSI), the reference in the field of road safety in Belgium. More about our cooperation Q8 Liberty Web Register here on Q8 Liberty Web and manage your Liberty fuel cards or request extra cards. Register Q8 Liberty Web Q8 Mobility Card Self Service Website Log in here as a cardholder or administrator to activate or manage your Q8 Mobility Card. Sign up Q8 Mobility Card Self Service Q8 Liberty Card All benefits For the self-employed For fleet managers Mobile tools Q8 Mobility Card All benefits Mobile app Q8 Mobility Card Self Service Legal conditions Direct arrangement Request Q8 Liberty Card Request a quote Log in Q8 Liberty Web Log in Q8 Mobility Card Self Service De world of Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our care for the environment Q8 pay parking Q8 parking finder Contact Q8 jobs Follow us on Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Downloads for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field empty Our brands Foot © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement