Q8 test parking app that shows real-time free parking spaces on the street | Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Find a petrol station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home News Q8 test parking app that shows real-time free parking spaces on the street Q8 test parking app that shows real-time free parking spaces on the street Tue, 03/10/2020 - 13:00 Estimated 1 in 3 cars in the city is looking for a parking space. This is also the cause of the poor traffic flow in our cities, resulting in stress, loss of time and air pollution. Q8 Belgium - which is increasingly focusing on improved mobility - has its headquarters in Antwerp and therefore an affinity with this problem. That is why the company, together with the international technology player Parknav, has started developing a parking app that shows free parking spaces on the street in real time and also adjusts the travel route and estimated travel time. The "Q8 parking finder" is currently being tested in Antwerp. Those who want to test can download the app for free in the Google Play store. You know it: you have an appointment in the city center. The GPS indicates 50 minutes. But before you actually arrive at your destination, you lose more than an hour because you lose time looking for a parking space (an average of 10 minutes according to research). A very recognizable frustration for many drivers. An estimated one in three cars in the city is looking for parking. Q8, which is adding more and more broad mobility services to its offer, wants to do something about this. Together with the international leader in parking information, Parknav is currently testing an app in Antwerp that shows real-time where there is still parking space along the street. “For this, the 'Q8 parking finder' uses a very powerful algorithm that translates historical parking data and current traffic flows based on all kinds of available data from partners - such as car manufacturers, navigation systems and telecom providers - into the exact parts of a street where the chance of finding a free parking space is the largest, ”explains Q8's Mobility Strategy Coordinator Edwin Van Walsum. “According to Parknav's international testing in 255 European and North American cities, this is 80% accurate. And according to our own tests in Antwerp even 90%. This ensures that you can park 1.5 to 3 times faster. A great time saver and also less fuel consumption for our customers. The social benefits for the city should not be underestimated either: the flow of urban traffic improves and CO2 emissions are reduced because people no longer have to do extra kilometers unnecessarily. ” Travel time from door to door The app also calculates the exact, realistic travel time from door to door, including the time you need to park and get further to your destination. “This way you know exactly how much time you have to take into account to park, which saves you a lot of stress,” says Van Walsum. “Our parking finder is the only app in Belgium that gathers all these options in one application. So we are very happy to offer this extra comfort service to our customers. Antwerp testers wanted Who lives or works within the Antwerp Singel and therefore has to park there regularly, can test the Q8 parking finder for free in the coming months. “The app can be downloaded for Android. iOS will follow at a later stage if the app shows positive results, ”explains Van Walsum. “To use the application, you only need to download it from the Google Play store. We ask participants for feedback on their findings. That way we can make the app even better. ” In addition to the parking finder app, Q8 also tests a payment app with which you can also pay your parking space mobile. This 'Q8 pay parking app', developed in collaboration with Be-Mobile - the company behind the successful 4411 parking services, can also be tested by downloading from the Google Play store. Thanks to a built-in link between the parking app and the payment app, you can also pay for it immediately after finding your parking space. More information about the apps can be found at www.q8.be/parkeren. Q8 broadens mobility services For Q8, these parking apps are another great new step in broadening its mobility services. “We want to offer our customers much more than just fuel. We are rapidly evolving from a petroleum player to a broader mobility player with all kinds of services that offer our customers more comfort and make mobility easier and more sustainable. For example, we recently launched a new roadside assistance service and electric (fast) charging stations at our stations, ”says Van Walsum. Parknav is the perfect partner for this. "Drivers deserve a worry-free trip to any location," said Eyal Amir, CEO of Parknav and a professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. “This also includes fast and efficient parking. We are pleased that we can work together with Q8, the very first petroleum player to invest in parking solutions. ” Note for the editor Press contact Karen SleursCommunicatiebureau Wyngs [email protected] 0485 28 73 52 About Q8 With over 540 filling stations and fuel delivery to professional end users and resellers, Q8 is one of the largest fuel players on the Belgian market. Specifically for the transport sector, Q8 has 40 International Diesel Services (IDS) stations in Belgium. Moreover, the business and service of Q8 goes much further than just fuels. The company is also active in the production, marketing and sales of Q8 lubricants. In retail, Q8 in Belgium, together with Delhaize and Panos, also has a strong network of 122 local 'Shop & Go' convenience stores. Furthermore, together with partner Ionity, Q8 is also taking steps in the e-Mobility market with a network of (fast) chargers at the stations. Q8's ambition is to focus even more on broad mobility-oriented services. Q8 therefore continues to innovate and invest in future-oriented opportunities that make every customer journey more sustainable. In 2019, Q8 was voted Best Fuel Brand in Belgium. About Parknav Founded in 2013, Parknav is the first and only parking solution that indicates 24/7 real-time free parking spaces on the street and in car parks for every street in a city without the use of hardware, thanks to artificial intelligence. Parknav also provides detailed information about the parking (whether it is paying, where it is illegal to park etc) and also offers street-by-street parking navigation. Parknav's proprietary technology is currently available in more than 1,000 cities across North America and Europe. Read more about: Innovation The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Immediately report a defect Request a ticket I have a comment The world of Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient offer Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Voet menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures