Disclaimer | Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Search for a gas station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home Disclaimer Disclaimer DISCLAIMER of the Kuwait Petroleum companies in North West Europe (KPNWE) (Q8). General Welcome to one of the websites of the Kuwait Petroleum companies in North West Europe (KPNWE) (Q8). The following conditions of this Disclaimer apply to your visit to this website and / or the use of the information provided on this site. By visiting this website and using the information provided, you agree to this Disclaimer and the Terms of Use as well as the Privacy Policy. In the event of a conflict between the terms of use and the General Terms and Conditions with regard to orders for products and / or services, the latter will prevail. Applicable law Access to and use of this website is governed by Belgian law. All disputes will only be submitted to the court under which the Kuwait Petroleum company concerned falls. Liability This site is exclusively intended to provide general information from which no rights can be derived. Although we have compiled the content of this site with the greatest possible care, we cannot guarantee the correctness or completeness of it. Except for intent, KPNWE therefore accepts no liability for any damage, business interruptions, consequential damage and loss of profit, damage to the user's IT system due to viruses, hacking, etc. that is directly or indirectly the result of or in any way related to visiting, using or (temporarily) not functioning of this site. KPNWE is never responsible for the information that would be placed on its website by third parties. It is the visitor who is liable for all decisions he makes and / or for the actions he takes on the basis of the information on this website. Any unauthorized use may deny KPNWE access to the website and / or certain services offered via the website. The visitor of this website will indemnify KPNWE, as well as its employees, authorized representatives, commercial agents, suppliers, licensees, etc. against judicial and extrajudicial procedures and its results, including costs and fees of lawyers and other experts instituted by third parties. as a result of your use of the website, your infringement of any regulations or the rights of third parties. (Hyper) Links This site, whether or not by KPNWE itself and whether or not with the permission of KPNWE, may in any way be linked to other websites of third parties (links). If you want to create a hyperlink with our site, you must obtain prior written permission by requesting it at the address below. It is not allowed to frame this site. KPNWE is not responsible for these linked sites and / or the information contained therein. Nor is KPNWE liable for any damage - including business interruptions, consequential damage and loss of profit - that is the direct or indirect result of, or in any way related to visiting or using websites that are linked to this site. Intellectual Property Rights All intellectual property rights of the information, names, images, drawings, word and image brands, or other material on this website belong exclusively to one of the Kuwait Petroleum companies or its suppliers. Subject to exceptions set forth in or under copyright, copyright, or other laws, this website may not be reproduced, downloaded, or published without prior written permission. More information about the conditions of access and use of our website, including further information about Kuwait Petroleum's intellectual property rights, can be found in our terms of use. The full version can be found here. Changes We will gradually adapt our policy to the technological developments of the Internet. Changes to this Disclaimer will appear on this page. We therefore invite you to visit this page regularly for any adjustments. Questions If you have any questions or want more information about your privacy, please e-mail to [email protected]. If you have any questions about other topics, please visit our customer service page. You can also send us a letter to the following address: Kuwait Petroleum Belgium N.V / S.A. Q8 Attn. Retail Marketing Department Brusselstraat 59 bus 1 2018 Antwerp Q8 services at a glance All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Immediately report a defect Request a ticket I have a complaint I have a comment The world of Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient offer Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Voet menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures