From now on, refuel with your smartphone at Q8 | Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Search for a gas station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home News Refuel from now on with your smartphone at Q8 Refuel from now on with your smartphone at Q8 Tue, 03/03/2020 - 14:00 Refueling via an app on your smartphone, without bank cards or codes that you have to remember: it is now possible thanks to the Q8 smiles app and a collaboration with Bancontact Payconiq Company in the Belgian Q8 stations. “We want to make refueling as quick and comfortable as possible for our customers,” says Koen Vankelst, Operations Director Q8 Northwest Europe. Every year, over 2.5 million customers fill up with Q8 in our country. 18% still pay cash, the other 82% with a bank card - and that share is increasing. “People have less and less cash in their pocket. A trend that we respond to in a very customer-oriented way by offering the possibility to refuel quickly and easily with your smartphone. We want to offer them more comfort in this way, ”says Koen Vankelst, Operations Director Q8 Northwest Europe. Q8 offers the largest network of petrol stations where people can refuel via their smartphone. Moreover, it does not matter which bank the customer is affiliated to, thanks to our partnership with Bancontact Payconiq Company. Simple app Refueling with the smartphone at the Q8 stations is very easy by installing the Q8 smiles app that can be downloaded for both Android and iPhone. "After a simple registration, choose the" start your refueling "option in the menu, enter the number of the pump, choose your fuel and start refueling," explains Vankelst. “The app switches to the Payconiq by Bancontact application (if present and configured) where you then make the payment. Per refueling you automatically collect "Smiles" via the Q8 smiles app, loyalty points with which you can save for discounts. Per 500 Smiles you will receive a discount voucher of 5 euros, to be used at Q8 or partners. The customer can now also redeem this voucher at Q8 easy stations. ” Customers with a Q8 Liberty card from the employer can also easily refuel with the Q8 smiles app. You just need to register your Q8 Liberty card in the app. Convenient here is that you can enter your mileage in your car on your smartphone and read it directly from the dashboard, so that you no longer have to remember this until the payment terminal and make no more mistakes. In addition, you can download the specific details of your refueling in various formats (eg to attach to an expense report). About Q8 With over 500 filling stations and fuel delivery to professional end users and resellers, Q8 is one of the largest fuel players on the Belgian market. Specifically for the transport sector, Q8 has 40 International Diesel Services (IDS) stations in Belgium. Moreover, the business and service of Q8 goes much further than just fuels. The company is also active in the production, marketing and sales of Q8 lubricants. In retail, Q8 in Belgium, together with Delhaize and Panos, also has a strong network of 122 local 'Shop & Go' convenience stores. Furthermore, Q8, together with partner Ionity, is also taking steps in the e-Mobility market with a network of (fast) chargers. the stations. Q8's ambition is to focus even more on broad mobility-oriented services. Q8 therefore continues to innovate and invest in future-oriented opportunities that make every customer journey more sustainable. In 2019, Q8 was voted Best Fuel Brand in Belgium. Contact Karen Sleurs Communication agency Wyngs Mobile: 0485 28 73 52 [email protected] The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative CNG fuels at Q8 Official maximum prices Direct arrange Failure report Request a ticket I have a complaint I have a comment The world of Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient offer Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On-demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Voet menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures