Terms of use Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Search for a gas station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home Terms of use Terms of use General This website is owned and managed by: Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV Brusselstraat 59 box 1 2018 Antwerp. VAT BE 0404.584.525 RPR, Antwerp department Tel: +32. (0) 3.241.33 00 Fax: +32 (0) 2. 241 34 00 Electronic contact address: [email protected] The words "We" and "Us" mentioned in these terms and conditions refer to Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV. We request that you read these terms and conditions carefully before visiting the website. Using this website means you agree to all of these terms and conditions. Privacy Policy Policy regarding the protection of personal data on the websites of the Kuwait Petroleum Companies in North West Europe (KPNWE) (Q8). The security and protection of your personal information is important to KPNWE. In the way we conduct our activities, we will handle your personal data carefully and apply the applicable rules in the field of privacy, data protection and data security in the countries in which KPNWE operates websites. The policy outlined below explains what information KPNWE will collect, how KPNWE uses that information and with whom we will share it. Personal data In principle, KPNWE will not collect any personally identifiable information about you via our websites (eg your name, address, gender, date of birth, telephone number and / or e-mail address ("personal data"), unless you have voluntarily opted to have them (eg by registering, sending an inquiry via e-mail, filling out a survey form, etc.) If you do not want your personal information to be collected, please ensure that you do not send it to us. you provide us with personal information, you give us permission to store and use this information We will use your personal information for the following purposes: to respond to your request, to process your order, to manage our contracts, you provide access to specific account information, keep you up to date with the latest news about Q8, website improvements, special offers and promotions offered vi a this site and / or the Q8 filling stations. We also use this information to maintain our relationship with you as a customer, including to measure the response to our marketing actions: we may process personal data and distribute it within the Kuwait Petroleum Group to better understand your business needs and business needs. how we can improve our products and services; or we (or a third party on our behalf) may use personal information to contact you about a KPNWE offer or meet other business needs, or conduct online surveys to better understand in the wishes and profiles of our customers. Since the Kuwait Petroleum Group is also active outside the European Economic Area (E.E.R.), the information you send may also be outside the E.E.R. be passed on. These and all other shipments will be carried out in a safe manner and exclusively under our supervision. If you choose not to have your personal data used to support our customer relationship programs (in particular direct marketing or market research), we will respect your choice. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties in any way. Non-personal information is collected automatically When you visit our websites, we may automatically (ie not by registration) collect information that cannot be identified as personal (e.g. Internet browser type and computer operating system type; domain name of the website you previously number of visits, average time spent there, pages viewed). We may use this information and distribute it within the Kuwait Petroleum Group to analyze the use of our websites and to improve their content. "Cookies" - Information Automatically Placed on Your Computer When you view one of our websites, we may store certain information on your computer in the form of a "cookie". Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored on your computer by a browser. We use cookies to register your preferences (language choice, favorite petrol station), to register information that is specific to you (such as pages consulted) and to measure the traffic and surfing behavior on the website. Cookies allow us to collect information about the use of our services and to improve and adapt them to the wishes of our visitors, e.g. to save your password so that you do not have to enter it every time. If you choose not to be recognized, you can use your Internet browser to delete cookies from your computer's hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. If you prefer not to allow cookies on your computer, you will find an option to disable them in all common browsers. In that case, you may not be able to use some services on one of our websites. Children Children are not allowed to send personal information to the KPNWE websites without the permission of their parents or guardian. KPNWE encourages all parents or guardians to teach their children how to / should handle their personal information in a safe and responsible manner while surfing the internet. If KPNWE is aware that the personal information comes from children, KPNWE will not collect or use it for any purpose. Security KPNWE takes precautions to ensure the security of your personal information as much as possible and makes every effort to keep it accurate. We strive to protect your information meticulously against loss, destruction, falsification, manipulation and unauthorized access to the data. Links to other websites The KPNWE websites may contain links to other websites. KPNWE is not responsible for compliance with the privacy rules and / or the content of other websites. Use of your personal information sent to other websites. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policy of other websites, nor for the implementation of that policy, even if: you accessed the website of a third party through the links on our KPNWE websites; whether you came to our websites through a third party website. We recommend checking the policies of each site you visit and contacting the owner or administrator of those websites if you have any concerns or questions. Rights Under the law you have the right of access to your personal data in addition to the right to correct, supplement and / or exchange incorrect information. In addition, you can object in writing to the processing of your personal data with regard to commercial prospecting. Changes We will gradually adapt our policy regarding the protection of your personal data to the technological developments of the internet. Changes to this privacy policy will appear on the privacy policy page as well as in an update of our terms of use. We therefore invite you to visit these pages regularly for any adjustments. Intellectual property rights All trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the materials on this website (as well as its structure and layout) together with, but not limited to, the text, photos, graphics and the underlying software code are the property of Kuwait Petroleum ( Belgium) NV unless otherwise stated. You may not copy, modify, publish, broadcast, distribute, sell or transfer any material from this website, in whole or in part, without Our prior written consent. However, the content of this website may be downloaded, printed or copied for personal, non-commercial use. Unless otherwise noted, the trademarks, logos, and service marks on this website are the brands of Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) N.V. Acceptable Use Use of this website is permitted only in accordance with these terms and conditions and for lawful and personal purposes, including in accordance with all applicable laws, regulations and codes of practice in Belgium or other jurisdiction from which you have access to this website. In particular, you agree that you will not: send, transfer or distribute information on or through this website that is or may be offensive, obscene, defamatory or otherwise illegal; use this website in a manner that causes or may cause a violation of the rights of others; use any software, routine or device that interferes electronically or manually or attempts to interfere with the operation or functionality of this website, including but not limited to uploading or making available files containing unreliable data or viruses by any means also; will not damage, change or interfere with the "look and feel" of this website, nor the underlying software code; take actions that place an unreasonably or disproportionately large burden on this website or on related infrastructure; gain or attempt to gain unauthorized access by any means to any of Our networks. Without prejudice to Our other rights, regardless of which (by law or otherwise), We reserve the right to deny you access to this website if We believe you are in violation of any of these terms and conditions. Changes to this website We may make improvements or changes to the information, services, products and other materials on this website at any time without prior notice. We can also change the terms and conditions at any time, and such change will take effect immediately when the changed terms and conditions are published on this website. By your continuous access or use of this website you are deemed to have accepted these changed terms and conditions. Links to other websites This website may contain links to other Internet sites. We are not responsible for the information, material, products or services of any kind contained therein or accessible by these websites. Your access and use of such websites remain entirely your own responsibility. You may only create a link to this website after Our explicit written permission. We explicitly reserve the right to withdraw Our consent at any time if We believe this link to be inappropriate or controversial. Disclaimer General The conditions of this Disclaimer stated below apply to your visit to this website and / or the use of the information provided on this site. By visiting this website and using the information provided, you agree to this Disclaimer and the Terms of Use as well as the Privacy Policy. In the event of a conflict between the terms of use and the General Terms and Conditions with regard to orders for products and / or services, the latter will prevail. Applicable law Access to and use of this website is governed by Belgian law. All disputes will only be submitted to the court under which the Kuwait Petroleum company concerned falls. Liability This site is exclusively intended to provide general information from which no rights can be derived. Although we have compiled the content of this site with the greatest possible care, we cannot guarantee the correctness or completeness of it. Except for intent, KPNWE therefore accepts no liability for any damage, business interruptions, consequential damage and loss of profit, damage to the user's IT system due to viruses, hacking, etc. that is directly or indirectly the result of or in any way related to visiting, using or (temporarily) not functioning of this site. KPNWE is never responsible for the information that would be placed on its website by third parties. It is the visitor who is liable for all decisions he makes and / or for the actions he takes on the basis of the information on this website. Any unauthorized use may deny KPNWE access to the website and / or certain services offered via the website. The visitor of this website will indemnify KPNWE, as well as its employees, authorized representatives, commercial agents, suppliers, licensees, etc. against legal and extrajudicial procedures and its results, including costs and fees of lawyers and other experts instituted by third parties. as a result of your use of the website, your infringement of any regulations or the rights of third parties. (Hyper) Links This site, whether or not by KPNWE itself and whether or not with the permission of KPNWE, may in any way be linked to other websites of third parties (links). If you want to create a hyperlink with our site, you must obtain prior written permission by requesting it at the address below. It is not allowed to frame this site. KPNWE is not responsible for these linked sites and / or the information contained therein. Nor is KPNWE liable for any damage - including business interruptions, consequential damage and loss of profit - that is the direct or indirect result of, or in any way related to visiting or using websites that are linked to this site. Intellectual Property Rights All intellectual property rights of the information, names, images, drawings, word and image brands, or other material on this website belong exclusively to one of the Kuwait Petroleum companies or its suppliers. Subject to exceptions set forth in or under copyright, copyright, or other laws, this website may not be reproduced, downloaded, or published without prior written permission. Changes We will gradually adapt our policy to the technological developments of the Internet. Changes to this Disclaimer will appear on this page. We therefore invite you to visit this page regularly for any adjustments. Warranties To the extent permitted by law, We disclaim any warranties regarding the information, services, and materials listed on this website. All this information, services and materials are provided "as is" and "as far as is available" without warranty of any kind Indemnification You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Us from liability, losses, claims, and costs (with (including fair lawyer's fees) resulting from your breach of these Terms of Use. Miscellaneous These terms and conditions contain all the terms of your agreement with Us relating to your use of this website. Other written or oral statements will not be included (such as eg statements in any brochure or promotional material published by Us, which are purely informative at any given time. Your use of this website, of any downloaded material and the terms and conditions in force will be governed by Belgian law and you agree to submit to non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Belgian Court. We reserve the right to bring a case to the Court of the country where you are staying. Questions If you have any questions or want more information, you can e-mail to [email protected] You can also send us a letter to the following address: Kuwait Petroleum Belgium N.V / S.A. Q8 Attn. Retail Marketing Department Brusselstraat 59 bus 1 2018 Antwerp Q8 services at a glance All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Immediately report a defect Request a ticket I have a complaint I have a comment The world of Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient offer Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Voet menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures