Credit card - Q8 World Mastercard | Beobank Skip and go to content Note, borrowing money also costs money Beobank Private Professional Search search Private Professional Payment Payment accounts Find the account that suits you Free payment account Youth payment account Plus payment account Club payment account Credit cards Discover all our credit cards Extra World Mastercard Visa Internet Cashback Visa Gold Manage your card Self-banking Remote banking Mobile application Online banking Itsme application Self Bank Discover the Beobank blog Beobank is happy to help you with your financial decisions with news, tips and guides. Discover the Beobank blog Investing and Savings Investments Discover our investment approach Start investing Build your portfolio Investment solutions Pension Which pension savings formula choose Pension savings fund Pension savings Savings accounts Find the savings account that suits you. Investor lexicon If you want to start investing, you should first learn all the basic concepts. We explain every concept in less than a minute. Discover our lexicon Borrowing Loans for projects Find an adapted credit for your dream project Comfort Loan Plus Installment loan Refinancing of loans Loans for your vehicle New car or motorcycle? New vehicle loan Second-hand car loan Motorbike and electric bicycle loan Loans for your home An adapted credit for your dream project Eco loan Renovation loan Fuel oil loan Home loan Comfort loan Plus Discover the loan that makes your projects lighter. Simulate your loan Insurance Mobility insurance Car insurance Motorbike insurance Moped insurance Home insurance Home insurance Family insurance Family insurance Family insurance Family insurance Family protection plan Funeral plan Beobank Home Secure Connected alarm system with 24/24 hours remote monitoring. From 22 € / month Discover Tips and Blog Contact Our offices NL FR Become a customer Beobank Online Payment Credit cards Mastercard q8 Q8 World Mastercard 4% discount on your refueling at Q8 in Belgium for 3 months, then 2% 0.5% discount on your other purchases Manage your card Online application information In view of the evolution of the COVID-19 crisis and social distance measures, the processing of your application can be processed completely remotely, even when it is sent to our points of sale. Example: open-ended credit facility of € 3,000. Annual Cost percentage of 12.49% (variable actuarial borrowing rate: 12.13%) with an annual contribution of € 5. Discount at Q8 and elsewhere You will receive a 4% discount on your refueling at Q8 in Belgium during the first 3 months, then 2%. You also get a 2% discount on the purchase of fuel oil at Q8Mazout1. Learn more Use your Beobank Q8 World Mastercard and get: 4% discount on your transactions with Q8 in Belgium for 3 months (on refueling and / or other purchases in the Q8 stores), then 2%. You will receive this discount on top of any existing discount at the pump. 2% discount on your fuel oil at Q8Mazout. On all your other purchases (in the supermarket, parking tickets, at the restaurant, purchases on the internet, ... except at other petrol stations) that you pay elsewhere with the credit card - both in Belgium and abroad - you receive a 0.5% discount .1 Insurance package The Beobank Q8 World Mastercard comes with an exclusive insurance package: Purchase insurance, Extended warranty, Safe online, Car aggression and Theft of car keys and / or papers. You can also opt for the Credit Protection Plan insurance. Find out more With your Beobank Q8 World Mastercard, you automatically have these exclusive insurance policies for greater safety1. Without extra costs. Purchase insurance If you arrange your purchases with your Beobank credit card, they are insured against qualified theft or accidental damage. The Purchase Insurance covers your purchases2 of a minimum of 50 euros that you pay with your card, both in Belgium and abroad in the event of theft with burglary or violence or accidental damage for 200 days from the purchase date to 1,000 euros per item and up to 3,000 euros per claim and per year. Download here the Damage Declaration Form Purchase Insurance Extended Warranty One year additional warranty on electronic, electrical and IT equipment You will get a one year extension on the original warranty (in addition to the manufacturer's 2 year warranty) on a range of household appliances ('white goods') , Electronic audio and video equipment ('brown goods') and IT equipment for private use ('gray goods') 2. The extended warranty insurance covers: devices of at least 50 euros that you buy in a store in Belgium and pay with your Beobank credit card up to 2,000 euros per claim and per year. Download here the Damage declaration form Extended warranty Safe online With your Beobank card you can shop safely from behind your PC, tablet or smartphone In case of non-delivery of or damage to a via the webshop (but not via an auction website) from the EU or the USA good worth at least 50 euros, the insurer will contact the seller to find a satisfactory solution. The Safe Online insurance applies: if no solution is found up to 1,250 euros per claim and per year. Download here the Damage declaration form Safe online Car aggression This insurance covers: theft or damage (for at least 50 euros) of clothing and personal belongings that you bought with your card, as a result of theft with burglary or violence on board a vehicle3 to 500 euros per claim. Download here the Damage declaration form Car aggression Theft of car keys and / or papers This insurance covers: costs of at least 50 euros4 for the replacement of your driving license, registration documents and / or keys of a private or rented vehicle in case of theft with burglary or Violence of these documents and / or keys together with the Beobank Q8 World Mastercard credit card3 up to 300 euros per claim. Download the Damage declaration form for car keys and / or papers here. Download the General terms and conditions of the insurance policies that come with the Beobank Q8 World Mastercard here. 1 Beobank has taken out these insurance policies to the benefit of the holders of the Beobank Q8 World Mastercard. These coverages are underwritten by the insurance company Millstream Underwriting Limited (on behalf of certain insurers at Lloyds), ​​Registered office: 52-56 Leadenhall Street London EC3A 2EB (reference number 308584). Please refer to the terms and conditions for definitions, warranties and benefits, exclusions and procedures in the event of a claim. In case of dispute, the general terms and conditions of the insurance take precedence on this web page. 2 Portable phones excluded. The full list of exclusions and restrictions can be found in the terms and conditions. 3 To be reported to the police within 48 hours. 4 You must cover the first 50 € tranche yourself. Flexibility You have a credit opening of, for example, 3,000 euros that you use and replenish at your own pace. You can transfer money to a current account via Cash Transfer. The innovative chip on your card allows you to pay small expenses quickly, easily and without contact. Learn more You have a credit facility that you use the way you want it. We determine the amount (for example 3,000 euros) together and it is stated on all your account statements. Your available financial reserve varies according to your expenses and repayments. Example You have a credit opening of 3,000 euros. The first month you spend 720 euros. During the following month, you will have 2,280 euros (this example does not take account of any debit interest due). Original credit opening: 3,000 euros Your registered expenses from the past month: 720 euros Amount available to you: 2,280 euros Do you wish to request a change in your credit opening afterwards (subject to acceptance of your file)? Then call 02 626 50 50 for more information. Monday to Thursday from 9am to 7pm and Friday from 9am to 3.30pm. You can repay your expenses as you wish. Each month you will receive a detailed account statement stating the following: your transactions, the credit used up, the minimum amount to be paid in the event of installment payments. The total amount to be paid by you depends on the use of your credit opening. When you receive your account statement, you always have the choice: You want to repay the full amount If you wish, you can repay the full amount of your expenses every month. You want to spread the payments1 Or you repay the minimum of 1 / 18th or 1 / 20th (according to the amount of your credit line) of the used financial reserve each month, with a minimum of 25 euros2. In that case, it is best to opt for a direct debit. Or you pay back more, for example 10% or 20%. In that case, use the transfer form that you will find with your extract. To make your refunds Either by bank transfer: use the unique account number linked to your credit card. And always state the structured communication. If you opt for a direct debit, please call Beobank Service Center on 02 626 50 50, from Monday to Friday from 8 am to 8 pm and on Saturday from 9 am to 12:30 pm. 1 The actuarial borrowing rate applicable to your credit card can be found on your account statement. 2 1 / 18th (if your credit line is less than or equal to 5,000 euros) or 1 / 20th (if your credit line is greater than 5,000 euros) of the used financial reserve (excluding the annual contribution) and with a minimum of 25 euros (unless the amount due is less than 25 euros; in that case, you pay that amount), plus the annual contribution. Apply for the Q8 World Mastercard in minutes! Online applications Documents General conditions loyalty program Q8 World Mastercard.pdf Damage declaration form Purchase insurance.pdf Damage declaration form Extended warranty.pdf Damage declaration form Safe online.pdf Damage declaration form Auto-aggression.pdf General conditions insurance program Q8 World Mastercard Qq.pdf a customer to get a Beobank credit card? No that is not necessary. You do not need a Beobank account to apply for a Beobank credit card. Can I repay my expenses in installments? Yes, that is perfect. You repay a minimum of 1 / 18th or 1 / 20th (according to the amount of your credit line) of the used financial reserve per month, with a minimum of 25 euros (unless the amount due is less than 25 euros; in that case, you pay that amount) plus the annual contribution. Can I also pay off my expenses at once? Obviously. The full amount of your expenses is stated on your monthly statement. Each month you can choose whether to repay your expenses in one go or in installments. How do I get more control over my account? We have a few handy tools with which you can keep an overview, always and everywhere. With Beobank Online and Beobank Mobile you manage your credit card account 24/7, in all simplicity and security. Thanks to Beobank Alert you can follow your transactions closely, via e-mail and / or text messages. You can consult your account statements online, whenever and wherever you want. Can I pay securely online? Yes, Verified by Visa and Mastercard SecureCode ensure that you can pay securely online with your Beobank credit card at the participating internet shops. For every purchase you will receive an SMS with a unique identification code on the mobile number you have given us. If you have a Digipass, you can also create a code with your Digipass. More information Read more questions and answers Do you already know our blog? Are you going for a fully electric car or a hybrid? Which car to choose: hybrid, plug-in or 100% electric? Do you also think it is time to drive more environmentally friendly? Do you choose electric or hybrid? Where ... Mobility Read more Compare car loan: at the car dealer or the bank? How to find the best car loan Buying a car requires a considerable investment. Fortunately, it is possible to ... Budget Mobility Read more Car insurance You enjoy comprehensive guarantees, discount if you drive less than 8000 km and fast assistance, 24h / 24 and 7d / 7. Discover 1 Proposal valid for applications until 31/08/2020. During the first 3 months after your new credit card has been granted, you will receive a 4% discount on your Q8 refueling that you pay with your card in Belgium. After 3 months you will receive a 2% discount. You also receive a 2% discount on your fuel oil at Q8Mazout. You receive a 0.5% discount on all your other purchases (except at other petrol stations) in Belgium and abroad. Valid only for purchases (not for cash withdrawals, annual fees, charges, interest, automatic payments and credit card account transfers). The discount is automatically deducted from the account statement following the statement showing your purchase. A maximum of 250 euros is refunded per calendar year. The counter is reset to zero every year after the January extract date. Beobank reserves the right to unilaterally change the conditions of the Cash Back program at any time. In that case you will be notified at least 2 months in advance. 2 Credit opening, subject to acceptance of your file and subject to mutual agreement. Interest rates in effect on 22/10/2019, subject to change. Beobank NV / SA, Lender, General Jacqueslaan 263g, 1050 Brussels - VAT BE 0401.517.147 RPR Brussels - IBAN: BE77 9545 4622 6142 - BIC: CTBKBEBX Who is Beobank? Jobs General conditions Security and privacy Rates F.A.Q. Open Banking A question? Contact us 02 626 50 50 An emergency? Card stop 070 344 344 Reporting fraud Working at Beobank Who is Beobank? Jobs Follow us on Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube Google Play App Store Member of Crédit Mutuel Nord Europe © Beobank NV / SA, all rights reserved | Boulevard General Jacques 263g, 1050 Brussels | VAT BE 0401.517.147 | RPR Brussels | IBAN BE77 9545 4622 6142 | BIC CTBKBEBX