Q8 on demand roadside assistance | Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Search for a gas station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home Q8 On demand breakdown assistance Download the app for free and register within 1 minute Download in Google Play Download in the App Store Breakdown assistance on -demand Fast help, simple prices, no subscription Always and everywhere 24/7 Our towing providers are 24 / 7/365 available to you anywhere in Belgium and Luxembourg No subscription Pay only for the service you need, when you need it. You don't pay an annual fee Transparent price Pay only a flat rate - no hidden costs, no surprises. Professional help A network of registered professionals and towing services. Discover our app. Q8 roadside assistance provides the fastest, safest and most innovative roadside assistance - all without a subscription or membership fee. We offer transparent service with clear, fixed prices, cash payment and reliable assistance for motorists. Download in Google Play Download in the App Store Discover the great functionalities From any device Smartphone, tablet or laptop ... Use our services from any device. Easy payment All credit and debit cards are accepted. Real-time update Receive real-time updates and follow the arrival of your service provider on the map 24/7 support Our towing providers are available 24/7/365 Our services Flat tire assistance Starting aid Hoist in case of breakdown / accident Open doors Pull car to petrol station Hoist to you location Also help at home What our customers say Wow - after discovering the website my car was towed within an hour and the bill was paid online. Very good app, offer received in seconds, very reasonable price, tow truck immediately came with a friendly driver - I can really recommend the service if you are in trouble! Hendrik - Google review Charlie24 Incredibly fast and cheap intervention! William - Google review Charlie24 How does it work? Download the Q8 roadside assistance app for free Download in Google Play Download in the App Store Clear prices A price / km You pay for the total number of kilometers we have to drive to help you. The number of kilometers is calculated in advance. The intervention You pay a fixed amount for the intervention itself. The amount differs per type of intervention. Operating costs You pay a fixed amount of € 9.99 to us. This makes it possible for us to offer you this service and to continuously improve quality. Calculate my price Do you have any questions for us? View our frequently asked questions or fill in the form below: Name E-mail Question Send Leave this field blank The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Arrange immediately Report a defect Request a ticket I have a complaint I have a comment The world of Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient range Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On-demand breakdown assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Voet menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures