Q8 innovations | Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Finding a petrol station Nederlands Kruimelpad Home Q8 innovations From petrol player to mobility player Most people know Q8 from the manned petrol stations with Shop & Go, Panos and Nespresso, and from the unmanned petrol stations Q8easy. We want to offer our customers much more than just fuel. We are rapidly evolving from a petroleum player to a broader mobility player with all kinds of services that offer our customers more comfort and make mobility easier and more sustainable. Q8's ambition is to focus even more on broad mobility-oriented services. Q8 therefore continues to innovate and invest in future-oriented opportunities that make every customer journey more sustainable. Q8 innovations In order to continue to innovate and to respond to future opportunities, we have established Q8 innovations. An innovatively minded group of people that focuses on the needs of the customer and the changing journey. Think of the mobility of the future with autonomous driving cars, hyper loops and far-reaching artificial intelligence. But also closer to the present time; car sharing, electric steps or making it easier to find and pay for a parking space. The Q8 innovations team focuses on two areas: Developing and testing forms of mobility Developing and testing mobility-related services Developments in Q8 innovations Mobility innovations Parking app that shows real-time free parking spaces on the street. An estimated 1 in 3 cars in the city is looking for a parking space. This is also the cause of the poor traffic flow in our cities, resulting in stress, loss of time and air pollution. That is why the company, together with the international technology player Parknav, has started developing a parking app that shows free parking spaces on the street in real time and also adjusts the travel route and estimated travel time. More information can be found here Pay your parking transactions anywhere in Belgium carefree with the Q8 pay parking app. Do you never want to pay too much for street parking (or too little, which could put you at risk or hefty parking fines)? And never look for payment terminals or stand in line again? Q8 is now testing an app with which you can easily pay for any street parking session directly from your smartphone. No longer risk receiving fines, overpaying or queuing at the parking meter. More information can be found here. Innovations in mobility-related services Q8 on-demand breakdown assistance. Q8 roadside assistance provides the fastest, safest and most innovative roadside assistance - all without a subscription or membership fee. We offer transparent service with clear, fixed prices, cash payment and reliable assistance for motorists. You can read more information here Q8 introduces digital travel insurance in collaboration with Qover. Q8 has created a digital travel insurance in collaboration with Qover. This insurance can be taken out completely online. Qover is a scale up with which we have entered into this partnership. Qover is the digital and administrative link between companies such as Q8 and the insurance companies. More information can be found here. Research and testing Every service that Q8 innovations launches has been preceded by a process of research and testing. The launch itself is often also part of the test. For these studies and tests, Q8 innovations uses a group of interested people. Are you also interested in our developments and do you want to participate? Then read on here and register as a participant. More information about test participation The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Immediately report a defect Request a ticket I have a complaint I have a comment The world of Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient offer Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles- app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Voet menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures