The petroleum world of Q8 | Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Find a gas station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home The world of Q8 The world of Q8 Q8 Belgium, proud employer of 500 employees Q8 Belgium is part of Kuwait Petroleum International, one of the largest petroleum processing companies in the world. Q8 Belgium employs a total of five hundred people in retail, direct business, lubricating oils and the sale of heating oil. In addition to the Belgian activities, European activities are also managed from the head office in Antwerp, including the business to business retail IDS (for a large part of Europe), the research center Q8 Research (the Netherlands), depots in the Benelux and support services (the Netherlands). Retail filling stations Q8 and Q8 easy Q8 Belgium has approximately 450 filling stations under the brands Q8 and Q8 easy. We are therefore a major player in the Belgian retail market. Q8 Belgium also continuously strives to further expand its network. In addition to the unmanned Q8 easy concept, where safety and speed are central, Q8 also operates manned stations, where the customer experience is central again. Through long-term partnerships with Delhaize, Panos, Nespresso and other various A-brands, Q8 offers a total experience that combines refueling with the purchase of fresh food, a delicious sandwich or a quality coffee. With the Q8 Liberty Card you can enjoy interesting discounts as a corporate customer. Discover what benefits there are for you. IDS (International Diesel Service) IDS supplies diesel for national and international transport. It currently has more than 600 fully automatic filling stations across Europe. In Belgium, IDS currently has 36 truck filling stations. On all major European highways, there are Truck Centers that - in addition to tank services - offer extensive facilities for drivers. Q8 Direct Q8 Direct sells fuels in bulk. Customers include large professional users, traders, local authorities, transport companies and agricultural companies. Q8 Mazout For more than 45 years, Q8 Mazout (Calpam & Mazout.be) has been active in the sale and distribution of fuel oil and other petroleum products. Q8 Mazout has an extensive customer portfolio in Belgium and Luxembourg and always delivers quickly and safely thanks to a fleet of 50 trucks. Q8 Oils Q8 Oils produces and sells high-quality lubricants. With its head office in Antwerp, the strategic starting point is based on innovation in products and marketing. The five factories in Europe prove that the company also has a large presence on the international lubricants market. Q8 Research Q8 Research conducts research into new products and areas of application for lubricating oil, fuels and bitumen as well as aerosols. The decisiveness with which Q8 Research operates ensures a leading position in the market, especially in the field of product development in niche areas. Q8 Reserach has various laboratories, so that product safety and quality are always guaranteed. The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Immediately report a defect Request a ticket I have a comment The world from Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient range Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test along with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Foot menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures