Corona measures | Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Find a petrol station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home Measures corona Strong together against corona Even now that our government is taking even stricter measures to stop the corona virus, we want to continue to offer you an excellent service. Most of our service stations, Delhaize Shop & Gos and Panos will remain open, currently with adjusted opening hours. We are forced to temporarily close our car washes. We absolutely put the health of our staff and our customers first. And we also need your help with that! We therefore ask you to follow the guidelines in the stations, shops and toilets as closely as possible. For example, we will limit the number of customers to 1 per 15m². At the store you will see how many people can enter at the same time. So please wait outside - with a distance of 1.5 meters between yourself and other customers - if this maximum has been reached. Between 8am and 9am, the shops will give priority to people over 65, healthcare providers and the police. Give them priority at other times too. We have more than enough stock and make every effort to replenish the offer every day, so that every customer can continue to do his normal shopping. In our stores, the installations, surfaces and toilets are now more often disinfected than ever and the checkout areas are protected. Furthermore, we ask you to respect these absolutely necessary hygiene measures: Keep 1.5 meters away from other persons (and follow markings) - also at the pumps Come alone, without family Practice good hand, sneeze and cough hygiene Pay with card , preferably contactless.For refueling, install the Q8 smiles app and activate mobile refueling. Grab the fuel gun with a cloth. We are very proud of our people who do everything they can to help you through these difficult times. Out of respect for them, we therefore ask you to respect these measures. If we make these efforts together, we can overcome this crisis. Take care of yourself and each other and keep it safe! The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Immediately report a defect Request a ticket I have a comment The world from Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient range Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test along with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Foot menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures