Q8 smiles | Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Find a petrol station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home Q8 smiles, those are only advantages Q8 smiles, those are only advantages At Q8 you leave after refueling or shopping with a smile. Because you save Smiles with every refueling and with every purchase in the shop. You can exchange your saved Smiles for discounts on a refuel or purchase in the shops at Q8. Or you choose a gift voucher at one of the Q8 smiles partners: H&M, Kinepolis, Decathlon, ICI PARIS XL, Smartphoto and Krëfel. Start to Smile How do you start? You save smiles via the Q8 smiles app, and / or with the Q8 smiles card or keychain. Register now, and you're done! From now on, you save Smiles every time you refuel or shop at Q8. We will list it for you: Download the Q8 smiles app or surf to Q8smiles.be and register> Download iOS app> Download Android app Refuel or shop at Q8 Scan your Q8 smiles app, card or keychain Saved 500 Smiles? Exchange them for beautiful gifts. How do you save Smiles? You earn Smiles in two ways. You get 1 Smile per liter of fuel you refuel. You get 1 Smile per euro that you spend in our shops. How do you cash in on Smiles? Have you saved enough Smiles? Exchange them for great discounts at the pump or in the shop, or for nice gifts at one of the Q8 smiles partners. Five euro discount on your new running outfit or that new perfume with an extra discount? You choose! Discount at the pump Empty tank? Smile! Scan your € 5 gift voucher from Q8 at the checkout in the shop and fill up your tank ... with a discount. Discount at Shop & Go You can also refuel in our shops. A snack, a drink, or even a full meal! You exchanged 500 Smiles for a Q8 gift voucher? Scan it at the cash register and grab that € 5 right away. Smiles gifts Treat yourself (or your partner) with a nice scent, do a deal at Krëfel or buy an extra large bag of popcorn at Kinepolis - because you already have your ticket. 500 Smiles = € 5 gift voucher at ICI PARIS XL XL bottle of perfume at ICI PARIS XL. 500 Smiles = € 5 gift voucher at Krëfel Enjoy the best prices, service included, thanks to Q8 smiles! 950 Smiles = Kinepolis cinema ticket Treat your loved one or your friends to a free evening of cinema. Score points! Or just go for some me-time ... Start to Smile Q8 smiles partners Discover all Q8 smiles partners Need help? Watch these videos How to register for Q8 smiles? How do you apply for a Q8 smiles card? How do you cash in on Smiles? View all videos Questions about Q8 smiles? Smile, here you will find the answer The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Immediately report a defect Request a ticket complaint I have a comment The world of Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient range Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Voet menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures