Everything for the road | Q8 Individual Professional Deze site is geschreven in het Frans. Naar het Nederlands. Q8 Need help? Find a service station Menu Need help? Find a service station NederlandsFrançais Enter your location Retrieve my location Submit Filter Show… Stations currently open ShopNGo PANOS Nespresso CarWash LPG CNG ElectricChargers Bancomat Douwe Egberts AdBlue Has promotion Restaurant UTA Travel Card CNG-LC CNG-HC CHAdeMO CCS charger AC charge Lavazza MTC Card V-pay Fleetpas + PINPas cadeaukaart DIESEL Gasoil Industry Extra Lamppetroleum / Kero DKV Xximo MasterCard Cash WIFI EuroCard Maestro American Express Shop SUPER98 Smart thursday discount IPAY Card Q8 Liberty Card Visa plus-punten Bancontact EURO95 Stations Also in the current crisis, we remain at your service ! Our stations, Delhaize Shop & Go's and Panos will remain open, currently with modified opening hours. We are forced to temporarily close our carwash. We ask you to respect the instructions on site as much as possible. Thank you and be careful. Save Smiles Your shopping in our Shop & Go The ideal stop for your trough Fill up on mobile Show all the advantages at Q8 News News Q8 is testing a parking application that indicates in real time the places available on the street About one car in three in town is looking for a parking space. This is one of the causes of the lack of fluidity in urban traffic, which leads to stress, loss of time and air pollution. Q8 Belgium, which is increasingly focusing on improving mobility, is based in Antwerp and therefore knows the problem well. Read more News Now pay your fill at Q8 with your smartphone Fill up with an app on your smartphone, without a credit card or a code to remember: it is now possible in Belgian Q8 stations thanks to the Q8 smiles app and in collaboration with Bancontact Payconic Company. "In this way, we intend to make each pump visit as quick and comfortable as possible for our customers," explains Koen Vankelst, Operations Director Q8 Northwest Europe. Read more News Q8, Delhaize and Panos celebrate the 20th anniversary of Shop & Go with a new concept of a unique store We are all very often on the road, today more than ever, our requirements are therefore higher and higher when it's about eating something fast or running errands on the way. Everything must always be healthier, more qualitative, faster and more personalized. Q8, Delhaize and Panos have understood this. Read more See more About Q8 Life is 2% better at Q8 Refueling, shopping and heating becomes 2% better at Q8 with the Beobank Q8 World Mastercard. You also receive 0.5% discount on all other purchases made with the card anywhere in the world, except at other service stations. Warning, borrowing money also costs money. Credit opening. Apply for it again today Q8 fuel cards: your freedom on the go Q8 fuel cards give you the freedom to refuel wherever you want. Wherever you are in the Benelux, a Q8 station is never far away. Do you need more flexibility and mobility in Belgium? The Q8 Mobility Card offers you the solution. Whichever card is right for you, there are many benefits guaranteed. Discover all our fuel cards Q8 services All Delhaize Shop & Go advantages Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Exchange your Smiles Our fuels High quality fuel CNG at Q8 Official maximum price Quick links Report a defect Copy of ticket J have a complaint I have a comment The world of Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Being energy efficient Q8 customer service Jobs Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Downloads for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Voet menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Conditions of use Disclaimer Protection of privacy Declaration of cookies