Official maximum prices for petroleum products Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Find a petrol station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home Official maximum prices for petroleum products Official maximum prices for petroleum products In Belgium, the Federal Public Service Economy calculates the maximum price of petroleum products every day according to the program agreement. This is the maximum price that can be charged to the pump in Belgium. For additional information about the pricing mechanism of petroleum products, you can visit the website of the Petroleum Federation. To request the current official oil prices in Belgium, you can visit the website of the FPS Economy. You will find the changes to the maximum rates on the following products: Gasoline at the pump Gas oil - Diesel at the pump Gas oil heating (EXTRA) Lamp oil (Type A, B and C) at the pump, less than 2000l and more than 2000l Extra heavy fuel oil Butane in bottles and propane (in bottles, less than 2000l and more than 2000l) LPG LPG You can also find more details about the evolution of these oil prices via Petrolfed. How is the fuel price determined? Based on the imposed maximum price, the petrol stations determine the price you pay at the pump. Before the first drop of fuel enters your tank, there are a number of steps that must be taken into account. First, there is the cost of the raw product, followed by transportation and processing costs to make it a usable fuel. This is then transported to the blending plant to add the necessary additives. The finished fuel is then transported to our stations. Secondly, there is the operating cost for Q8 and for the personnel at our stations, and of course the taxes and duties that are levied on fuel. The sum of all these factors ultimately determines how much you pay at the pump. Price difference between Q8 and Q8 easy The prices of a manned Q8 station are therefore different from those of an unmanned station (Q8 easy), because in the manned stations you also pay for the services offered and for the staff who operate the station . On an unmanned station, these costs are lower, which results in a lower fuel price and therefore more discount for you at the pump. In addition, prices also differ per region and depend on the price level of local competition or promotion. The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Immediately report a defect Request a ticket I have a comment The world from Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient range Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test along with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Foot menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures