Delhaize Shop & Go at Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Find a petrol station NederlandsFrançais Breadcrumb Home Delhaize Shop & Go at Q8 Delhaize Shop & Go: the perfect stop for quick shopping Do you need to do some shopping before you drive home? You can do this in the Delhaize Shop & Go of your Q8. There you will find a wide range of fresh food. So you can shop quickly and easily with an unexpected extra guest, a sudden hunger or a delicious dinner. All the benefits at a glance Going home in the evening with an empty refrigerator in prospect? Then just stop by a Q8 with Shop & Go! At more than 100 of our petrol stations you can do your shopping quickly and easily at a Delhaize Shop & Go. It is the ideal solution for a sudden hunger during the day or to buy another supper last minute when you drive home. Where is my nearest Q8 with Shop & Go? Wide range At Delhaize Shop & Go you will find an extensive range. From starter to dessert: you will find it all here. You will also find milk, yogurt and preserves, but you can also contact us for shampoo, toothpaste and other beauty products. Do you not have enough snacks at home? Then you can contact us for a tasty snack. So plenty of choice. Always fresh We think it is extremely important that all products in the Delhaize Shop & Go at Q8 are deliciously fresh! From fruits and vegetables, to meat, pasta and salads. In short: everything to answer the question "what are we eating today" in countless ways. No inspiration at the moment? Then we have some delicious proposals for your plate. Long opening hours Do you have to work overtime? No problem. Your Q8 with Delhaize Shop & Go has very long opening hours. Some are even open day and night. You can also contact us on Sundays and public holidays. Always useful! The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Immediately report a defect Request a ticket I have a comment The world from Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient range Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test along with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Foot menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures