Privacy Policy | Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Search for a gas station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home Privacy policy Privacy policy Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV (“KPB” or “we” or “us”) is committed to safeguarding the privacy and personal data collected from website visitors, customers, dealers, suppliers and others ( 'you') in the context of our business activities and on our website in our capacity as controller. Your privacy and the security of your personal data are important to KPB. In our course of action, we will treat your personal data with care, in accordance with the applicable regulations on privacy, data protection and data security. Please read this privacy policy to learn more about how we collect and process your personal data. In the policy below, we will explain the following aspects: What personal data is collected, For what purposes can we use this personal data, On what legal basis do we appeal to process your personal data, To whom can we provide your personal data, How long do we keep you personal data, What rights you have with regard to your personal data, Where you can go for further questions or comments. Which personal data are collected? In principle, we will not collect any personally identifiable information about you ('personal data') via our websites, unless you voluntarily opt to provide it to us by, for example, registering, asking a question via email or a questionnaire in to fill. If you do not want your personal data to be collected, please do not send it to us. We can collect the following personal data via our website and other means of communication within our business activities: We collect: your name, telephone number, e-mail address and gender via complaint, comment forms and defect reporting forms We collect: your name, telephone number , e-mail address and gender When you contact us by phone or e-mail, we collect: your name, telephone number and / or e-mail address In order to send you our newsletter, we need: your name, telephone number, e-mail address, gender, business fuel card and date of birth In addition, we can also collect your IP address, favorite gas station (s) and current location. CCTV The places where we use CCTV are generally closed places that are accessible to the public (eg service stations) or exceptionally private spaces (eg closed parking spaces). In Belgium we use CCTV systems for surveillance and supervision as defined in the Belgian Camera Law, including prevention, detection or detection. In Luxembourg we use CCTV for the same purposes as in Belgium, but in accordance with Luxembourg law. CCTV for the same purposes, including to combat fraud and misuse or other infringements and protect our property in the same way, as possible for recognizing license plates to provide a mobile payment process. Outlets are allowed to use surveillance cameras. Surveillance camera images are recorded, processed and stored in accordance with applicable law and are used for the following purposes: (i) surveillance (safety objective) and surveillance, including the prevention, establishment or detection of crime or other violations and also to identify guilty, witnesses or victims such as the identification of persons involved in fraudulent use of Cards and systems, nuisance, customs and excise matters and / or (ii) persons or events that damage the property of members of the Kuwait Petroleum Group and / or (iii) for technical / operational verifications. The Participant will notify each Cardholder of such camera use in a timely manner. The surveillance activities are carried out via licensed security companies. In addition, to the extent permitted by law, we may use live and / or recorded CCTV images for technical purposes (such as releasing pumps prior to payment) and, where possible, for limited own monitoring activities. The footage is kept for a maximum of 30 days, unless the footage contains evidence of a crime or damage or to identify perpetrators and witnesses. The images can be transferred to the police, to judicial authorities and, in Belgium, to insurance companies for the treatment of damage to our property. We are not responsible for the use of CCTV by the dealer operating a service station. If you have any questions about this, please contact the relevant dealer. Non-Personal Information Automatically Collected When you visit our websites, we may also collect information that cannot be identified as personal, including but not limited to the type of your internet browser and computer operating system; domain name of the website you have previously visited; the number of visits, the average time spent there and the pages viewed. We may use this information and disseminate it within the Kuwait Petroleum Group to analyze the use of our websites and to improve their content. Personal data collected through our Q8 navigator applications If you use one of our mobile Q8 navigator applications (eg Q8 app, Tango app) your current location will be processed to indicate you the nearest petrol stations or shops of our partners. For what purposes can we use this personal data? Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV primarily processes your personal data, because you provide it yourself in the context of the provision of a Service. Furthermore, Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV also receives personal data from other sources: Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV may also receive personal data about you from another KP group entity; Mobility players whose application you use and which you have given permission to transfer this personal data to Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV, being Alecta Sarl and Qover SA / NA. Your personal data will be processed when: You have given us your free, specific, informed and unambiguous expression of will about your wishes. We will have to process your personal data to provide the services you have requested. The processing is necessary to represent our legitimate interests, in particular: economic, commercial and financial interests, business continuity, security and confidentiality of customer information and products and the security of digital and physical infrastructures. The processing may be necessary to comply with legal obligations resting on KPB as a result of certain legislation. We will use your personal data for the following purposes: Sending newsletters for which you are registered If you subscribe to our newsletters with your e-mail address, or if you have agreed to allow our mobility partners to pass on your personal data, we will use your e-mail address to send these newsletters or updates of blog post updates. Sending Marketing Materials In addition, we will send you marketing emails and online targeted marketing, special offers, whether or not related to future offers or other promotional materials, to inform you of the latest news from us that may interest you. You will have the right to unsubscribe from these communications at any time by following the unsubscribe link or other instructions indicated in the communications we send. Provide assistance when you contact us by telephone We must process the above necessary personal data to provide you with the requested service Provide assistance with complaints, comments or the reporting of defects via our forms. We need to process your personal data to enable us to properly handle your complaint or comment or to answer your question. Indicate where the nearest petrol station or shop of our partners is located. We can also use your personal data for: Contacting you regarding an offer or to represent other business interests or to conduct online surveys, so that we can better understand the wishes and profiles of customers. Better understand your business needs and improve our products and services. Profiling The processing of personal data for profiling purposes will be based on obtaining prior, specific permission from the user. With the prior consent of the user, relevant data and non-excessive data about persons can be collected and stored for profiling or to improve the services offered based on the needs of the users. Who can we provide your personal data to? Sharing within the group Since the Kuwait Petroleum Group of companies also operate outside the European Economic Area, the information you transmit to us may be transferred outside the European Economic Area. This and all other transfers will take place securely and only under our supervision. Such transfers are covered by an intra-group agreement that provides specific contractual protection to ensure that your personal data is provided with an appropriate and consistent level of protection regardless of where it is transferred within the Kuwait Petroleum Group. Other third parties Your personal data may be shared for marketing purposes with: Advertising agencies SRM agencies Mailing agency We can use the following social media plug-ins on our website: Facebook and Instagram (“Social media facilities”) through which some or your personal data can be shared with these parties. These features may collect your IP address and which page you visit on our website and may place cookies to allow the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or directly on our website. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these features. Your interactions with these facilities are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that make them available. You can also find more information about third party cookies in our Cookie Policy. When you use the Q8 navigator application, your personal data will not be stored or shared with other third parties. Links to other websites This website may contain links to other websites that are not owned, operated or maintained by us. We cannot be held responsible for the privacy policies of other websites, nor for the implementation of this policy, even if: You accessed the third party website through a link on our websites, or You were referred to our website through a link on the third party website. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of each website you visit and contact the owner or operator if you have any questions or concerns. How long do we keep your personal data? Your personal data will be kept for as long as necessary to achieve the purpose for which the personal data was initially collected. This is, in principle, equal to the duration of any contractual relationship or performance of a particular service and for any period thereafter that is required or permitted by law under applicable law. What rights do you have with regard to your personal data? Under data protection law, you have, under certain conditions, the right to access your personal data, as well as the right to correction, addition and / or deletion of erroneous data. If you wish to exercise one or more rights, please notify us via the email address [email protected]. We will then make appropriate efforts to take the following necessary steps: Provide you with a copy of the data you have provided to us Updating inaccuracies in the data we hold Deletion of data for which we no longer have a legal basis to use . To facilitate our efforts to comply with your request, it would help if you would provide us with the context in which you provided us with the personal data. In addition, you have the right to object to the use and processing of your personal data when this processing is based on consent and relates to any form of direct marketing by sending us a request to withdraw your consent. You can also oblige us to limit the processing of your personal data when investigating a complaint. In addition, you also have the right to object to any processing, including profiling, based on the legitimate interest as a legal basis, unless our reasons for carrying out this processing outweigh any disadvantage to your rights and freedoms. Your exercise of these rights is subject to a number of exemptions in order to protect the public interest (eg fraud prevention or detection). If you exercise any of these rights, we will verify your entitlement and, in most cases, reply within a month. We may charge fair compensation for "repeated requests", "clearly unfounded or excessive requests" or "additional copies" If you are not satisfied with our use of your personal data or do not agree with our response to the exercise of any of above rights, you have the right to complain to your Data Protection Authority. Within the legal limits, you also have the right to transfer your personal data to another organization (data portability). Cookies When you visit our website, we may store cookies and other automatic means of data collection on your computer. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer, tablet or smartphone during your visit to a website. Cookies can automatically recognize you on the next visit and they can allow you to customize a website to better match your interests or to save your password so you don't have to enter it every time. If you choose not to be recognized, please consult your internet browser settings to remove Cookies from your computer, block all cookies or receive a warning before a Cookie is placed. For more information and details about cookies used on this website, we refer to the Cookie Policy on this website. Amendments We reserve the right to amend this policy, if necessary, for example to comply with changes in legislation, regulations, new practices and procedures or requirements imposed by the supervisory authority. The most recent version is always available via this link. When this text was last changed, you can find it in the head of the document. We assure that we will notify you of significant policy changes. Where you can go for further questions or comments. If you have any questions or would like more information, you can send an e-mail to [email protected]. You can also send a letter to the address below: Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV For the attention of KlantendienstBrusselstraat 59, box 12018 ANTWERP This privacy policy applies to the website www.q8.be and is managed by: Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV De services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Arrange immediately Report a defect I have a comment The world of Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient range Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Voet menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwa it Petroleum (Belgium) N.V./S.A. All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures