Q8Fuel | Order HiQ Fuel Oil online and take advantage of discounts and favorable prices Are you a professional? (+ 5000L) About Contact FAQ Français Nederlands Q8Mazout.be Order My account Basket Services Products Fuel oil prices Order Order Order My account Basket About Contact FAQ Français Nederlands Consume better, just spend with Q8Mazout For over 50 years, Q8Mazout has offered quality products and multiple personalized services Discover our services MyQ8Tank, the electronic gauge that simplifies life Order our electronic gauge and receive € 150 reduction coupons. Find out more Discover our sponsorship system! Are your friends not yet Q8Mazout customers? Invite them and save with each delivery. Find out more Consume better, just spend For over 50 years, Q8Mazout has been offering you quality products and multiple personalized services Discover our services MyQ8Tank, the electronic gauge that simplifies lifeOrder our electronic gauge and receive 150 € of good reduction. Find out more Discover our referral system Your friends are not yet Q8Mazout customers? Invite them and save with each delivery. Find out more Product Daily price / L Order See details Tailor-made services Order according to your needs Take advantage of our services to simplify your life! Q8 Fuel oil offers you several services that correspond to your fuel oil consumption method. Discover our services Products Our heating products For over 45 years, Q8 Mazout has contributed to the well-being of its customers with its quality products! Our products Inspiring profiles The formula adapted to your needs Finding my formula Alice, the planet at the heart of her choices Alice is very concerned about the ecological question. In each of her daily actions, she tries to find the most lasting solution. She replaced her paper towels with fabric towels, she opted for bamboo straws, she does her shopping in bulk and obviously chose HiQ Fuel oil for heating. Read more Damien, still connected Damien is the man 2.0. Always at the forefront of innovation, he enjoys living with the times. And his time, he does not like to waste it. Controlling his heating oil is no exception to the rule: it must be simple, fast and efficient. Read more Jean-Charles, thrifty above all It is not that Jean-Charles is tight-fisted. But what he can't stand is spending money unnecessarily. And he's right. So before making a purchase, he likes to "do his little market research" as he says. That's how he became a customer at Q8Mazout. Read more Julie and Philippe, an organized family Julie and Philippe have 3 children, and the youngest is only 9 months old. So no question for the little family to run out of fuel oil! Find yourself without heating with three little ends and -10 degrees outside? Read more Energy advice Take a look at our energy advice to consume better Discover all our information concerning heating oil. Our advice to reduce your heating oil bill and protect the environment: it's possible! See all advice Consume sustainably Consume better Consume less Product Price of the day / L Order See details Tailor-made services Order according to your needs Select one of our services that meets your expectations. Order your fuel oil Buy your fuel oil at the best price. Register Installment payments Choose to pay your heating oil several times. Learn more Sponsorship Bring your friends and receive discounts. Learn more Automatic delivery Do not manage your orders anymore, we are thinking about it for you. Find out more Group purchasing Make purchases together to get a better price. Learn more MyQ8Tank Manage the level of your tank with the MyQ8Tank app. Learn more Notification Receive an alert to order at the price you have decided. Find out more Tank control Check whether your tank complies with the legislation. Find out more Products Our heating products Select the heating oil that corresponds to your installation Discover the products in detail 2000 GasoilChauffage Official price for L Online delivery Daily discount Daily price for L See details Order RECOMMENDED HiQ Fuel Oil High product quality Official price for L Online discount Daily discount Daily price for L See details Order HiQ MazoutExtra Official price for L Online discount Daily discount Daily price for L See details Order Gasoil-Diesel Formerly Gasoil Extra Official price for L Online discount Daily discount Daily price for L See details Order Inspiring profiles The formula adapted to your needs Find my formula Alice, the planet at the heart of her choices Alice is very concerned about the ecological question. In each of her daily actions, she tries to find the most lasting solution. She replaced her paper towels with fabric towels, she opted for bamboo straws, she did her shopping in bulk and obviously chose HiQ Fuel oil for heating. Read more Damien, still connected Damien is the man 2.0. Always at the forefront of innovation, he enjoys living with the times. And his time, he does not like to waste it. Controlling his heating oil is no exception to the rule: it must be simple, fast and efficient. Read more Jean-Charles, thrifty above all It is not that Jean-Charles is tight-fisted. But what he can't stand is spending money unnecessarily. And he's right. So before making a purchase, he likes to "do his little market research" as he says. That's how he became a customer at Q8Mazout. Read more Julie and Philippe, an organized family Julie and Philippe have 3 children, and the youngest is only 9 months old. So no question for the little family to run out of fuel oil! Find yourself without heating with three little ends and -10 degrees outside? Read more Consuming sustainably Consuming better Consuming less Consumption tips Take a look at our energy tips to consume better Discover all our information concerning heating oil. Our advice to reduce your heating oil bill and preserve the environment: it's possible! See all advice Fast delivery Fast delivery of your heating oil on the agreed date within 4 days. Quality and price Quality heating oil at a low price. Our best price The price of your order is blocked until the delivery date chosen within 4 days. HiQ Fuel Oil Superior quality fuel oil. Improved efficiency, savings on maintenance costs. Are you a professional? Contact us Enter your postal code Our prices depend on your region Access the site I am already a client Log in New client? Create an account Loading ... Tailor-made servicesPurchase Alerts MyQ8Tank Sponsorship Tank test Bulk purchase Installment payments Automatic deliveries ProductsHiQ Fuel oil HiQ Fuel oil Extra Gasoil Heating Diesel-Diesel HelpContact us FAQ Inspirations Consumer advice Partners Payment methods 100% secure payment Payment in several installments Payment in cash © 2019 Q8 Fuel Oil Disclaimer Privacy policy Terms and conditions of use © 2019 Q8 Fuel oil Payment methods Need help Request to be contacted by one of our sales representatives Call us 02 268 10 16 Always at your service, Q8 Fuel oil continues its deliveries despite the current difficult conditions associated with Covid 19. Delivery times may be disrupted, but you will be notified the day before our visit by a text message on your mobile phone. We thank you for your understanding