Our standards and values Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Find a gas station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home Our values, for everyone's benefit Our values, for everyone's benefit The values ​​of Q8 reflect the deep-rooted belief that our company must be run in a very professional and ethical manner. In this way, our shareholders, customers, employees, partners and suppliers can trust and be proud of their relationship with Q8. The customer is central The experience of our customers is crucial to us. We therefore want to provide products and services that perfectly meet the needs of our customers. We mainly want to listen to the customer and be innovative in our offer. Safety for everyone and everything We want to set a good example by taking the utmost care for safety, health and the environment. In addition, we also strive for continuous improvements in those areas. We always want to provide a safe working environment and actively encourage our employees to apply the strictest safety and health standards. Q8 considers the environment We fully recognize our responsibility for the environment and our environment. We continuously take initiatives that contribute to a sustainable future. For example, we always look for ways to keep our energy efficiency as high as possible. Community building The communities in which we operate are very important to us. We actively work every day to build positive relationships with those communities. Acting ethically correct At Q8, we always act in a correct and ethical manner and protect the interests of our shareholders and our customers, partners and employees. We make every effort to always treat them with the highest integrity. The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Immediately report a defect Request a ticket I have a comment The world from Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient range Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On demand roadside assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance Test along with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Foot menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures