News | Q8 Individuals Professionals Ce site est en Néerlandais. Passez au Français. Q8 Need help? Find a petrol station Menu Need help? Search for a gas station NederlandsFrançais Kruimelpad Home News News Questions about Q8? Please contact Katia Van Bouwel, press officer, via [email protected] or +32 3 241 33 00 - +32 3 241 37 51. Only questions from the media will be answered in this way. For internship requests, sponsorships and other more general questions, please visit our contact page. News Q8 test parking app that shows real-time free parking spaces on the street An estimated 1 in 3 cars in the city is looking for a parking space. This is also the cause of the poor traffic flow in our cities, resulting in stress, loss of time and air pollution. Q8 Belgium - which is increasingly focusing on improved mobility - has its headquarters in Antwerp and therefore an affinity with this problem. Read more News Refueling with your smartphone at Q8 Refueling via an app on your smartphone, without bank cards or codes that you have to remember: it is now possible thanks to the Q8 smiles app and a collaboration with Bancontact Payconic Company in the Belgian Q8 stations . “We want to make refueling as quick and comfortable as possible for our customers,” says Koen Vankelst, Operations Director Q8 Northwest Europe. Read more News Q8, Delhaize and Panos celebrate Shop & Go's 20th anniversary with a new, unique store concept We are all on the road more than ever, so we are also increasingly demanding a quick snack in between and shopping along the way. We would like it to be healthier, more qualitative, faster and more personal. Q8, Delhaize and Panos have understood that well. Read more News Q8 stations get unique 'on the go' chocolate assortment Godiva Do you often have to look for a make-up on your way home or for a last-minute gift? Good news: from today you only have to stop at a Q8 station. After all, you will now find a Godiva corner with unique 'on-the-go' chocolate gifts. Read more News PPST Oil Terminal on the Meuse in Liège invests in safety and environment The PPST Oil Terminal has commissioned a new installation for unloading barges, a first for Wallonia. The investment ensures greater safety for employees and protects the Meuse and the environment. Read more News 75 additional filling stations for Q8 in Belgium thanks to strategic takeover 22 May 2019 - Q8 invests heavily in its Belgian network. With the acquisition of 75 petrol stations from U Car Services and VP Oil, both of which are part of the Uhoda Group, the Q8 network will soon have 540 stations - an increase of 15%. This strengthens Q8's strong position and optimizes its national coverage. Read more News Q8 and Ionity open first ultrafast charging points along the E42 / E19 in Thieu From today, you can charge your electric car along the Belgian highway in just 20 minutes. Q8 and Ionity have officially opened the first ever ultrafast charging points along the E42 / E19 in Thieu (both directions). Read more News Q8 chosen as the best fuel brand March 13, 2019 - Q8 has won the award for best fuel brand at the Best Brands Awards 2019. This prize was awarded on the basis of research among 5,000 Belgian families on the brand perception of the consumer and the economic success of a brand. Read more News Pay by car for everyone, always and everywhere in Belgium 1 March 2019 - Largest network for refueling and mobile payments thanks to Q8 and Bancontact Payconiq Company. Refueling and paying from your car with your smartphone? Q8 joins forces with Bancontact Payconiq Company and extends the mobile service widely. Soon, everyone, both private and corporate customers, will be able to pay quickly and easily via an app in the more than 460 Q8 stations in our country. Read more Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Next page Next ›Last page Last» The services of Q8 All benefits at a glance Delhaize Shop & Go Panos Nespresso Carwash Q8 easy Q8 smiles Save Smiles Redeem your Smiles Our fuels Qualitative fuels CNG at Q8 Official maximum prices Arrange immediately Report a defect Request a ticket I have a complaint I have a comment The world of Q8 The world of Q8 Our values ​​Our energy-efficient range Q8 customer service Q8 Jobs Q8 innovations Q8 On-demand breakdown assistance Q8 parking pilot Flexible travel insurance with Q8 innovations Follow us on Facebook Instagram Linkedin Download the Q8 smiles app Download for GPS CSVGarminGoogleEarthGpxIGoNavioNavmanTomTomitineraryTomTomov2 Leave this field blank Our brands Voet menu © copyright 2020 - Kuwait Petroleum (Belgium) NV / SA All rights reserved. Legal notices Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookie statement Safety procedures