VOSCH sales vehicles Hohen Neuendorf Brandenburg VOSCH sales vehicles Hildebrandt & Müller GbR Since 2004 - your professional partner for sales vehicles eMail: info@vosch-verkaufsfahrzeuge.de | Telephone: 03303-408044 Start About us Offers Financing Service point Fischer Contact Your competent partner for sales vehicles VOSCH Verkaufsfahrzeuge GbR About us Our company has specialized in the rental, repair and sale of sales vehicles for over three decades. We have set ourselves the goal of offering high-quality, durable vehicles according to the wishes and needs as well as in cooperation with our customers. Our vehicle exhibition We offer a large and attractive exhibition of new and used vehicles on our company premises. We would be happy to try to find the right vehicle for you in a personal conversation. You can visit our exhibition Monday to Thursday from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m., Friday from 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. or by appointment. You can also make an appointment by phone for the weekend or after business hours. Current offers can always be found under used cars. RENTAL You can rent baked goods, meat and sausage sales trailers from us at affordable daily prices. If you need a trailer during a shop renovation or to test new markets, then give us a call! Whether short or long-term rental, we are your contact! You can find current offers under Rental. REPAIR AND SERVICE WORK We carry out repairs and service work professionally and reliably in all areas. Our refrigeration specialist specializes in the repair and maintenance of cooling systems in sales vehicles. Professional repairs to the power supply, maintenance of cooling systems in sales vehicles, the repair of sales vehicles and lighting systems as well as various services are part of our range of services. You can also have TÜV - necessary gas purchases carried out by us. VOSCH sales vehicles © 2006 | Start | About us | Service | Financing | Service point Fischer | Market | Rental | Own sales trailers Used | VM Meyer sales trailer | VM Meyer transport trailer | Imprint | Privacy Policy Contact