VOSCH sales vehicles GbR Berlin and Brandenburg VOSCH sales vehicles Hildebrandt & Müller GbR since 2004 - your professional partner for sales vehicles email: info@vosch-verkaufsfahrzeuge.de | Telephone: 03303-408044 Start About us Offers Financing Service point Fischer Contact Your competent partner for sales vehicles VOSCH sales vehicles Data protection declaration Data protection declaration 1. Data protection at a glance General information The following information provides a simple overview of what happens to your personal data when you visit our website visit. Personal data are all data with which you can be personally identified. You can find detailed information on the subject of data protection in our data protection declaration below this text. Data collection on our website Who is responsible for data collection on this website? The data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. You can find their contact details in the imprint of this website. How do we collect your data? On the one hand, your data is collected by you communicating it to us. This can e.g. are data that you enter in a contact form. Our IT systems automatically collect other data when you visit the website. This is primarily technical data (e.g. internet browser, operating system or time of the page visit). This data is collected automatically as soon as you visit our website. What do we use your data for? Part of the data is collected to ensure that the website is provided correctly. Other data can be used to analyze your user behavior. What rights do you have regarding your data? You have the right to receive information about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data at any time free of charge. You also have the right to request that this data be corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have further questions about data protection. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. Analysis tools and tools from third-party providers When you visit our website, your surfing behavior can be statistically evaluated. This happens primarily with cookies and with so-called analysis programs. Your surfing behavior is usually analyzed anonymously; the surfing behavior cannot be traced back to you. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. You can find detailed information on this in the following data protection declaration. You can object to this analysis. We will inform you about the possibilities of objection in this data protection declaration. 2. General information and mandatory information Data protection The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration. When you use this website, various personal data are collected. Personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. This data protection declaration explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this is done. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from third-party access. Information about the responsible body The responsible body for data processing on this website is: VOSCH Verkaufsfahrzeuge GbR Wolf-Dietrich Hildebrandt Gewerbestrasse 1-3 16540 Hohen Neuendorf Phone: 03303-408044 E-Mail: info@vosch-verkaufsfahrzeuge.de The responsible body is the natural one or a legal person who alone or together with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names, email addresses, etc.). Revocation of your consent to data processing Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time. An informal notification by e-mail to us is sufficient. The legality of the data processing carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. Right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority In the event of data protection violations, the person concerned has the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. The responsible supervisory authority for data protection issues is the state data protection officer of the federal state in which our company is based. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html. SSL or TLS encryption For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or inquiries that you send to us as the site operator, this site uses SSL or. TLS encryption. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from “http: //” to “https: //” and by the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data that you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties. Information, blocking, deletion You have the right to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, the right to correction, blocking or deletion of this data. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about personal data. Objection to advertising emails We hereby object to the use of contact data published within the framework of the imprint obligation for sending unsolicited advertising and information material. The site operators expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event that unsolicited advertising information is sent, such as spam emails. 3. Data collection on our website Cookies Some of the websites use so-called cookies. Cookies do no damage to your computer and contain no viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective and safer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted. Cookies that are required to carry out the electronic communication process or to provide certain functions you require (e.g. shopping cart function) are set on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR saved. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. Insofar as other cookies (e.g. cookies for analyzing your surfing behavior) are stored, these are dealt with separately in this data protection declaration. Contact form If you send us inquiries via the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the inquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. We will not pass on this data without your consent. The processing of the data entered in the contact form takes place exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR). You can withdraw this consent at any time. An informal notification by e-mail to us is sufficient. The legality of the data processing operations carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. The data you enter in the contact form will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory legal provisions - especially retention periods - remain unaffected. 5. Analysis tools Google Analytics This website uses functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google Analytics cookies are stored on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both its website and its advertising. IP anonymization We have activated the IP anonymization function on this website. This means that your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area before it is transmitted to the USA. The full IP address will only be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services related to website activity and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. Browser plugin You can prevent cookies from being saved by making the appropriate settings in your browser software; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading the browser plug-in available under the following link and install: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. Objection to data collection You can prevent Google Analytics from collecting your data by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie is set that prevents the collection of your data on future visits to this website: Deactivate Google Analytics. You can find more information on the handling of user data at Google Analytics in Google's privacy policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de. Order data processing We have concluded a contract for order data processing with Google and fully implement the strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using Google Analytics. Google Maps This page uses the Google Maps map service via an API. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. To use the functions of Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this page has no influence on this data transmission. The use of Google Maps is in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers and to make it easier to find the places we have specified on the website. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. More information on the handling of user data can be found in Google's data protection declaration: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/. VOSCH sales vehicles © 2006 | Start | About us | Service | Financing | Service point Fischer | Market | Rental | Own sales trailers Used | VM Meyer sales trailer | VM Meyer transport trailer | Imprint | Privacy Policy Contact