VOSCH sales vehicles GbR VOSCH sales vehicles Hildebrandt & Müller GbR since 2004 - your professional partner for sales vehicles email: info@vosch-verkaufsfahrzeuge.de | Telephone: 03303-408044 Start About us Offers Financing Service point Fischer Contact Your competent partner for sales vehicles VOSCH sales vehicles Imprint Imprint information according to § 5 TMG admin VOSCH sales vehicles GbR Gewerbestrasse 1-3 16540 Hohen Neuendorf Represented by: Marion Müller and Wolf-Dietrich Hildebrandt Contact : Telephone: 03303-408044 Fax: 03303-408045 eMail: info@vosch-verkaufsfahrzeuge.de Dispute Settlement We are not willing or obliged to participate in dispute settlement procedures before a consumer arbitration board. Design and layout: BRAmedia web design Sources for the use of photos from third parties: www.bigstockphoto.de Copyright: SimonasP - bigstock-Auto-repair-shop-sign-vector - 25547408 Shopping cart - Sergey Mironow - www.schutterstock.com Photo no. : 71041831 Change - Marion Schwob Service focus - Pixabay Disclaimer Liability for content As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages in accordance with the general laws according to § 7 Abs.1 TMG. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, we as a service provider are not obliged to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the time we become aware of a specific legal violation. As soon as we become aware of such violations, we will remove this content immediately. Liability for links Our offer contains links to external third-party websites, the content of which we have no influence on. For this reason, we cannot accept any liability for this external content. The respective provider or operator is always responsible for the content of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time the link was created. No illegal content was discernible at the time the link was created. A permanent control of the content of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of an infringement. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately. Copyright The content and works on these pages created by the site operator are subject to German copyright law. The duplication, processing, distribution and any kind of use beyond the limits of copyright law require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of this page are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. As far as the content on this page was not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are observed. In particular contents of third parties are marked as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, please let us know. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such content immediately. VOSCH sales vehicles © 2006 | Start | About us | Service | Financing | Service point Fischer | Market | Rental | Own sales trailers Used | VM Meyer sales trailer | VM Meyer transport trailer | Imprint | Privacy Policy Contact