NBA Sports Cars: ECU Services | NBA Sportscars Tel: 01483 274700 email: info@nbasportscars.co.uk Home Servicing / Repairs Restoration Diagnostics Our Associates ECU Services Gallery Contact Us MENU ECU Services Here at NBA Sports Cars we are pleased to be able to offer the very latest in vehicle software modification What is ECU (ENGINE CONTROL UNIT)? All modern cars and vans on the road today have an ECU(ENGINE CONTROL UNIT). This Engine Control Unit can almost be described as the vehicles ‘brain’ and contains a processor that takes information from various sensors throughout the engine. It analyses information such as the engine temperature, accelerator pedal angle, oxygen content in the burnt exhaust gases as well as many more parameters. Using the information from these sensors it can then add the right quantity of fuel, at just the right time to provide a good mix of fuel economy, performance and emission control when pulling away, overtaking, pottering down the road or zooming down the motorway. What is ECU Remapping? When a manufacturer develops a new car they have to take into consideration all of the conditions it may be subjected to in all of the regions in which they intend to sell this model. This means instead of just optimising the ECU’s program or ‘map’ to deliver the best performance or the most fuel efficiency they have to make compromises to the map to take into account these potential differing operating conditions. These could include sub-standard fuels, extremes in temperature and altitude, differing emission laws and even the possibility that vehicle may not be serviced on a regular basis and in accordance with the manufacturers recommended instructions. ECU remapping is taking a read from the ECU’s processing chip (either through the diagnostic port, or directly from the ECU) of the vehicles standard compromised map and adjusting various parameters within the map such as fuel pressure, boost pressure (on turbocharged applications) ignition advance and throttle pedal control amongst others to release the true performance from the engine. It is a completely safe process as it is just giving the engine the performance it should have had in the first place before all the compromises were applied to the original programming. Every engine will have its own unique map and by adjusting this we can fine tune the characteristics of the engine; unleashing more power and in many cases reduce fuel consumption too. Benefits of ECU remapping. ECU remapping will not only improve the engines power and torque figures, it will also sharpen the throttle response and widen the power-band. This will make the power delivery a lot more linear, which in turn will make the vehicle feel a lot livelier to drive and the engine more flexible. Frequently, the vehicles power output is restricted by the manufacturer for no other reason than to ensure that the vehicle fits into a class to suit fleet buyers. As a driving enthusiast, you do not need or want such restrictions placed upon your vehicles ECU and its performance therefore you can benefit from the hidden power and torque locked away within your engine management system. The other main benefit of remapping will be a reduction in fuel consumption. With the extra torque especially at the bottom of the rev range you will see a fuel saving, as it will require less throttle input to maintain motorway speeds, you can drive in a higher gear at a slower speed as well as helping significantly when fully laden, towing or on gradients and even in start stop traffic. With certain vehicles there is also the avenue to ‘delete’ certain troublesome items, such as EGR (exhaust gas recirculation) valve and DPF’s (diesel particulate filters). These can cause several problems which are generally very expensive to rectify, especially on more modern vehicles. With some clever software modification, we can remove these items from the system, generally for a fraction of the cost of replacement. We’re so confident you’ll be impressed with the potential gains that we offer a ‘no quibble’ 30-day money back guarantee. In the event you’re not completely satisfied with the modification, we’ll return the vehicle to its standard software and fully refund you. To find out more please visit our ECU services site here. NBA SportscarsUnit 93 Dunsfold Park, Dunsfold, Surrey GU6 8TB Tel/Fax: 01483 274700email: info@nbasportscars.co.uk © NBA Sportscars 2014 | Privacy Policy | Site Map