Oldtimer Service Harald Vollmer - Imprint Expand / collapse navigation HomeCompetenceServicesContactImprint HomeCompetenceServicesContactImprint Imprint Responsible: Oldtimer Service Harald Vollmer Harald Vollmer Schusterring 15b 25355 Barmstedt Contact: Telephone: +494123 9296933 +494123 92969mer: 0199-3: 099 de VAT ID VAT identification number: 13/190/06072 Liability for content The content of our website was created with great care. However, we cannot guarantee that the content is correct, complete and up to date. As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages in accordance with general laws in accordance with Section 7 (1) TMG. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, we as a service provider are not obliged to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the time we become aware of a specific legal violation. As soon as we become aware of such violations, we will remove this content immediately. Liability for links Our offer contains links to external third-party websites, the content of which we have no influence on. For this reason, we cannot accept any liability for this external content. The respective provider or operator is always responsible for the content of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time the link was created. No illegal content was discernible at the time the link was created. A permanent control of the content of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of an infringement. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately. Copyright The content and works on these pages created by the site operator are subject to German copyright law. The duplication, processing, distribution and any kind of use outside the limits of copyright law require the written consent of the respective author or creator. As far as the content on this page was not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are respected. In particular contents of third parties are marked as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, please let us know. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such content immediately. Data protection The use of our website is usually possible without providing personal data. Insofar as personal data (e.g. name, address or email address) is collected on our website, this is always done on a voluntary basis as far as possible. This data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from access by third parties. We hereby expressly object to the use by third parties of contact data published within the scope of the imprint obligation for sending unsolicited advertising and information material. The site operators reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited promotional information, such as spam e-mails. Print version | Sitemap Logout | Edit page