Services - Ecoshine Menu HOME ABOUT US ECOSHINE ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY + SERVICES All our services Machines + FACILITIES BOOK TIME Bromma Fagersta Hammarby Sjöstad Heron city Huddinge Högdalen Kista Nacka forum Liljeholmen C Sickla Shopping center Södertälje Ködlan Södertälje Kringlan Södertälje (Östermalm) + FRANCHISE CONTACT Services Home Services Eco Shine has, as the first company in Scandinavia, managed to combine the best car care technologies in the northern climate and at the same time is environmentally friendly both in terms of consumption and product range. In addition to the obvious environmental benefits of our anhydrous car care methods and hybrid technologies, we have made great efforts to ensure that our products meet strict sustainable models. The goal of our business is to have a positive impact on the environment and to keep the company's climate footprint to an absolute minimum. Biological steam treatmentExcellent effective cleaning of the interior using steam that includes; sterilization, removal of bacteria and bad odor, cleaning of carpets and stain removal from seats and upholstery Glass cover Make the windscreen less susceptible to road film, dirt, insects and other things that affect your visibility. Ice is more easily scraped away and visibility in the dark gets better. Car wash Exterior cleaning: hand wash with wax products, windows & mirrors, tires & rims Internal cleaning: vacuuming, carpets, windows, door & luggage frames . You increase the feeling of driving the car, extend its lifespan and increase its value. Stone shot We fix your stone shot in the windshield. This means a great saving for you, the environment and the insurance company. Varnish seal This treatment gives the varnish a deep wet look, high gloss, and many months of durable protection. Tire Shop If you have trouble with storage or simply do not want to tow the tires back and forth, you can leave them in our hotel. It can't be smoother! Tire changeWe change your tires, study the depth of the pattern and check the pressure. The tires are stored in a dry environment to keep them as long as possible. The tire change is carried out by our professional staff who make sure the tires are seated properly. ABOUT US Ecoshine are car care specialists who offer a future of car care technology. Our programs maintain the highest quality and at the same time save large quantities of water and protect the environment. Our key words are Effective - Ethical - Simple If you are interested in starting your own and like cars, we have an unbeatable concept. Become part of our team with your own facility and you will both enjoy being self-employed and part of the large chain with professional support system and economies of scale. REDUCE YOUR CLIMATE IMPACT Environmental thinking is a fundamental principle for Ecoshine and the obvious choice for the conscious man. Ecoshine uses the latest water-saving steam technology and environmentally friendly products. Ecoshine is the car care of the future. Who uses Eco Shine Ecoshine is your environmentally friendly partner for high quality car care services. We offer our services to a wide range of customers: municipalities, car dealers, corporate car parks, private individuals, etc. Do you want to try? Feel free to contact us and we'll tell you more ... NEWS LETTER Ecoshine © 2018. All Rights Reserved.