Environmental policy - Ecoshine Menu HOME ABOUT US ECOSHINE ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY + SERVICES All our services Machines + FACILITIES BOOK TIME Bromma Fagersta Hammarby Sjöstad Heron city Huddinge Hista Valley Kista Nacka forum Liljeholmen C Sickla Shopping center Södertälje Kringlan Södertälje Kringlan (Östermalm) + FRANCHISE CONTACT Ecoshine's environmental policy has been established by the company's management The requirements for the company's environmental policy that we have set out are that it must be documented in writing, that it is regularly reviewed, that it is based on the principles of good environmental management, that laws and requirements are followed, that Continuous improvement of environmental work is sought, that all employees know it and know what it means and that it focuses on the essential aspects below. Water consumption We will reduce water consumption, pollution, waste and the use of natural resources in our work. Environmental work We work for a continuous improvement of our ongoing environmental work, and to ensure that the requirements of laws and regulations are complied with and fulfilled. Personnel Our staff must carry out their duties responsibly with regard to the environment. This is to be achieved by Our chemicals have good product descriptions Provide easily accessible and clear dosing instructions including tools for dosing right Actively disseminate knowledge about our environmental work and our products' environmental impact in an open and objective way Choose suppliers who strive to provide products and services that meet the environmental criteria environmental work is included in the agenda at board, management and staff meetings We shall involve and continuously train all employees in our environmental work Our environmental policy is known by all staff and also by the subcontractors we hire for execution. ABOUT US Ecoshine are car care specialists who offer a future of car care technology. Our programs maintain the highest quality and at the same time save large quantities of water and protect the environment. Our key words are Effective - Ethical - Simple If you are interested in starting your own and like cars, we have an unbeatable concept. Become part of our team with your own facility and you will both enjoy being self-employed and part of the large chain with professional support system and economies of scale. REDUCE YOUR CLIMATE IMPACT Environmental thinking is a fundamental principle for Ecoshine and the obvious choice for the conscious man. Ecoshine uses the latest water-saving steam technology and environmentally friendly products. Ecoshine is the car care of the future. Who uses Eco Shine Ecoshine is your environmentally friendly partner for high quality car care services. We offer our services to a wide range of customers: municipalities, car dealers, corporate car parks, private individuals, etc. Do you want to try? Feel free to contact us and we'll tell you more ... NEWS LETTER Ecoshine © 2018. All Rights Reserved.