Home - Ecoshine Menu HOME ABOUT US ECOSHINE ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY + SERVICES All our services Machines + FACILITIES BOOK TIME Bromma Fagersta Hammarby Sjöstad Heron city Huddinge Högdalen Kista Nacka forum Liljeholmen C Sickla Shopping center Södertälje Park Kårlan Södertälje Ködlan Södertälje Södertälje (Östermalm) + FRANCHISE CONTACT Become one of us Develop your business with Sweden's leading player in Environmentally Friendly Car Wash. Become one of us Contact us Experience our service while you shop, lunch or work. Our facilities are adjacent to shopping centers and workplaces, which means that you can easily hand in the car and at the same time get other cases done. When you are done, the car is ready to be picked up. We offer car care, painting and tire change / storageAt the location in each facility we offer car wash, reconditioning and tire change as well as tire storage. Through our partner we can also receive all types of paint work. Our staff is trained by the company. To ensure the highest quality of our work, all training is done internally by our specialists. The staff is always kept up to date with new technologies and products three times a year. Book time via the internet, phone, and dropin. If you want to plan your treatment, reservations are easily made here on the website. For spontaneous visits you can call your facility or come by and see what times are available. 23 NUMBER OF FACILITIES 13 YEARS IN THE INDUSTRY 69056409LITER WATER SAVED We drive the industry's development Ecoshine has, as the first company in Scandinavia, succeeded in combining the best technologies in car care while also being environmentally friendly in terms of consumption as well as product range. In addition to the obvious environmental benefits of our extremely water-efficient steam technology, we have made great efforts to ensure that our product range is environmentally friendly. The goal of our business is to have a positive impact on the environment and to keep the company's climate footprint to an absolute minimum. Environmental thinking is a fundamental principle for Ecoshine and of course we want to spread our environmentally smart car wash around the world. We are expanding in different countries and today have 16 plants in Sweden, 5 in Greece, 2 in Germany and new openings in Italy and Dubai during 2020. OUR SERVICES Handwash with quick wax for deeper shine, cleaning of windows, mirrors, tires and rims. Internal cleaning, vacuuming, carpeting, windows, door and luggage frames. HANDWASHINGThis treatment gives the car's varnish a deep wet look, high gloss, and many months of durable protection.LACK SEALSWe check the design depth and make sure they are safe to make sure. The tires are kept dry and dark, all in order to keep them as long as possible. DECKHOTEL Makes the windscreen less susceptible to road film, dirt, insects and other things that affect your visibility. GLASS PROTECTION Exterior and Interior reconditioning with steam treatment various stages of varnish polish. By reconditioning your car, you maintain value and increase driving pleasure. This means a great financial saving for both you and the environment. STONE SHOTWASH of engine rooms and a treatment of rubber & plastic parts that counteract dehydration.MOTHWASHING LATEST NEWS 26APR NEW CONSTRUCTION - Kista Expansion continues ... April opens Ecoshine in coffin 20JAN NEW ARRIVAL Expansion continues ... January 19th, Ecoshine opens in Värmdö 1OKT NEW APPLICATION - VÄSTBERGA Expansion continues ... during OCTOBER opens Ecoshine in Västberga SEP NEW APPLICATION - LILJEHOLMEN Expansion continues ... during SEPTEMBER Ecoshine opens in Liljeholmen 24 Expansion continues ... July 24th, Ecoshine opens in Fagersta 13Mar METRO ATTENTION ECOSHINE Metro recognizes Ecoshine's pioneering eco-friendly technology and other .... LATEST POSTS FROM SOCIAL MEDIA On Wednesday we open the gates for the facility When you wash your car with us vi 100 You must not have missed that we open in Kista Ga Vi af is leaning this week but to inform that v Clean with pure conscience 😍 #ecoshine #eco #car #c. KEY ACCOUNT MANAGER SWEDEN. . ABOUT THE JOB Ecos Want to experience the new car feeling again? We offer P Big congratulations Sundbyberg. We look forward to seeing At us at ecoshine, nothing is impossible within Car wash with steam minimizes access to water v We have long experience in car care & reconditioning We start in 2020 with another Ecoshine an We look forward to another wonderful 2020 together We at Ecoshine wishes you all a very Merry Christmas 4th advent is here and we want to remind you that we continue the campaign every advent until after we open the gates for our new facility in Every advent until Christmas we launch a new one Load More ... Follow on Instagram This error message is only visible to WordPress admins Warning: The account for ecoshine_sweden needs to be reconnected.Due to Instagram platform changes on March 31, 2020, this Instagram account needs to be reconnected to allow the feed to continue updating. Reconnect on plugin Settings page Very good service and radiant energy from everyone who wants to come back, best response and treatment received🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 Revin C. Zibari Best service and nice staff Daniel Pettersson After it was a bit abrupt , so the car became really nice we new laundry. Have booked new laundry for 23 / 12-16. Merry Christmas Ulf Ulf Vikholm Fantastic service and welcoming! Elias Sferlic Our partners ABOUT US Ecoshine are car care specialists who offer a future of car care technology. Our programs maintain the highest quality and at the same time save large quantities of water and protect the environment. Our key words are Effective - Ethical - Simple If you are interested in starting your own and like cars, we have an unbeatable concept. Become part of our team with your own facility and you will both enjoy being self-employed and part of the large chain with professional support system and economies of scale. REDUCE YOUR CLIMATE IMPACT Environmental thinking is a fundamental principle for Ecoshine and the obvious choice for the conscious man. Ecoshine uses the latest water-saving steam technology and environmentally friendly products. Ecoshine is the car care of the future. Who uses Eco Shine Ecoshine is your environmentally friendly partner for high quality car care services. We offer our services to a wide range of customers: municipalities, car dealers, corporate car parks, private individuals, etc. Do you want to try? Feel free to contact us and we'll tell you more ... NEWS LETTER Ecoshine © 2018. All Rights Reserved.