Car wash with steam - Choose eco-friendly & sustainable with EcoShine Menu HOME ABOUT US ECOSHINE ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY + SERVICES All our services Machines + FACILITIES BOOK TIME Bromma Fagersta Hammarby Sjöstad Heron city Huddinge Högdalen Kista Nacka forum Liljeholmen Cödälä Södla Köp Park (Luma) Q-Park (Östermalm) + FRANCHISE CONTACT Car wash with steam Car wash with steam has its obvious advantages. The technology was taken to Sweden a few years ago but has been an accepted way of washing the car in Southern Europe for a long time. Car wash with steam minimizes the supply of water during every wash and also protects the paint on the car in a better way than in high pressure washing. Since 2011, car wash with steam has become the best option in Sweden for washing the car, both from an environmental perspective and for the life of the car. Approximately 200 liters of water are consumed in a regular car wash. If the car is washed by hand, it consumes about 100 liters of water. These figures may be left in shame when compared to the water consumption in car washing with steam. As the steam heats up the process, the amount of water needed is limited and on average it consumes between 3 and 10 liters of water with steam. Furthermore, hardly any chemicals are needed. EcoShine was the first in Scandinavia to fasten car wash with steam among the dirty car washers. Today, the company is in the forefront of what appears to be a trend towards a more sustainable and efficient industry. EcoShine - an obvious choice when it is time to wash the car Has since 2011 offered an environmentally friendly alternative for car wash Steam technology minimizes the need for water and the amount of chemicals Easy and fast process Easy for both environment and machine Choose the sustainable alternative for the future Contact us Ecoshine Head office Jägerhorns road 9 141 75 Kungenskurva 0770-773300 stockholm@ecoshine.se Ecoshine Head office Jägerhorns väg 9 141 75 Kungenskurva 0770-773300 stockholm@ecoshine.se Contact us 12 NUMBER OF PLANTS 10 YEARS IN THE INDUSTRY 39045784LITER THE WATER SAVED SINCE 2011 worked for a sustainable future. The environmental problem can no longer be ignored and it is through initiatives such as car wash with steam that we can create a favorable development. In addition to obvious environmental benefits with steam technology, EcoShine has created a product range that is environmentally friendly. Car wash with steam is just one of the services offered via EcoShine. Glass covers and varnish seals are two others, and even there the sustainable choice applies. EcoShine as a whole is the obvious choice when it comes to washing the car. Choosing EcoShine and car wash with steam will help you work towards a sustainable future. It is also the simple alternative and also the most gentle on the car, in other words it can hardly be better! ABOUT US Ecoshine are car care specialists who offer a future of car care technology. Our programs maintain the highest quality and at the same time save large quantities of water and protect the environment. Our key words are Effective - Ethical - Simple If you are interested in starting your own and like cars, we have an unbeatable concept. Become part of our team with your own facility and you will both enjoy being self-employed and part of the large chain with professional support system and economies of scale. REDUCE YOUR CLIMATE IMPACT Environmental thinking is a fundamental principle for Ecoshine and the obvious choice for the conscious man. Ecoshine uses the latest water-saving steam technology and environmentally friendly products. Ecoshine is the car care of the future. Who uses Eco Shine Ecoshine is your environmentally friendly partner for high quality car care services. We offer our services to a wide range of customers: municipalities, car dealers, corporate car parks, private individuals, etc. Do you want to try? Feel free to contact us and we'll tell you more ... NEWS LETTER Ecoshine © 2018. All Rights Reserved.