Machines - Ecoshine Menu HOME ABOUT US ECOSHINE ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY + SERVICES All our services Machines + FACILITIES BOOK TIME Bromma Fagersta Hammarby Sjöstad Heron city Huddinge Högdalen Kista Nacka forum Liljeholmen C Sickla Shopping center Södertälje Park Kringlan Södertälje Ködlan Södertälje (Östermalm) + FRANCHISE CONTACT Machines HomeMachines Optima EST 12KW The automatic water replenishment function no longer requires you to manually fill with water when a constant source of water is located where you are. Eco-friendly laundry system The machine is scientifically designed to ensure the most water-saving cleaning. It takes less than 3.7 liters of water to wash a full size car. Minimal water consumption makes wastewater cleaning possible. The Optima EST1 runs on electricity alone, which also makes the emission process. Product information ptima EST [12K] is equipped with the most heat efficient electric steam boiler and generates abundant steam jet without any emissions. It can be used for indoor vehicle cleaning, general cleaning, disinfecting and sanitizing purposes. Direct waterline connection is made possible by an automatic water refill system practically when a continuous water source (ie water tab) is on your site. This is a 100 {60e97ae537f682241d3c6c027a2a06aa1e41e68169dc182d1694e09284dbadbc} emission-free machine and recommended for indoor use. The Optima EST is designed to be used on 3-phase electric power supply. Efficient and fast cleaning User configured humidity control valve. For car wash Optima Steamer can wash the exterior and clean, disinfect and deodorize the interior. Optima DMF (Diesel) The Optima Steamer DMF is equipped with the most efficient diesel boiler and generates a strong steam jet. It can be used for laundry, general cleaning and weed removal. Eco-friendly laundry system The machine is scientifically designed to ensure the most water-saving cleaning. It takes less than 3.7 liters of water to wash a full size car. Minimal water consumption makes wastewater free car wash possible. You can achieve wastewater free car wash thanks to steam efficient cleaning power. Product information The Optima Steamer DMF is equipped with the most thermally efficient diesel boiler and generates a strong steam jet. It can be used for laundry, general cleaning, weed removal and is mobile. Efficient and fast cleaning User-friendly humidity control valve. For car wash Optima Steamer can wash the exterior and clean, disinfect and deodorize the interior. Optima EST 18KW The automatic water refill function no longer requires you to manually fill with water when a constant source of water is located where you are. Eco-friendly laundry system The machine is scientifically designed to ensure the most water-saving cleaning. It takes less than 3.7 liters of water to wash a full size car. Minimal water consumption makes wastewater cleaning possible. The Optima EST1 runs on electricity alone, which also makes the emission process. Product information Optima EST (3) 18 kW is equipped with the most heat efficient electric steam boiler and produces steam jet without emissions. The EST3 (18K) has two strong 9,000W heaters that provide a fast preheating time with a stronger steam jet flow. It can be used for outdoor use and indoor vehicle cleaning, general cleaning, disinfection and sterilizing purposes. Direct waterline connection enabled by an automatic water refill system is convenient when a continuous water source (ie water tap) is located where you are. This is an emission machine 100 {60e97ae537f682241d3c6c027a2a06aa1e41e68169dc182d1694e09284dbadbc} and recommended for indoor use. The Optima EST3 is designed to be used on a three-phase power supply. Efficient and fast cleaning User configured humidity control valve. For car wash Optima Steamer can wash the exterior and clean, disinfect and deodorize the interior. Optima DMF (Diesel) The Optima Steamer DMF is equipped with the most efficient diesel boiler and generates a strong steam jet. It can be used for laundry, general cleaning and weed removal. Eco-friendly laundry system The machine is scientifically designed to ensure the most water-saving cleaning. It takes less than 3.7 liters of water to wash a full size car. Minimal water consumption makes wastewater free car wash possible. You can achieve wastewater free car wash thanks to steam efficient cleaning power. Product information The Optima Steamer DMF is equipped with the most thermally efficient diesel boiler and generates a strong steam jet. It can be used for laundry, general cleaning, weed removal and is mobile. Efficient and fast cleaning User-friendly humidity control valve. For car wash Optima Steamer can wash the exterior and clean, disinfect and deodorize the interior. ABOUT US Ecoshine are car care specialists who offer a future of car care technology. Our programs maintain the highest quality and at the same time save large quantities of water and protect the environment. Our key words are Effective - Ethical - Simple If you are interested in starting your own and like cars, we have an unbeatable concept. Become part of our team with your own facility and you will both enjoy being self-employed and part of the large chain with professional support system and economies of scale. REDUCE YOUR CLIMATE IMPACT Environmental thinking is a fundamental principle for Ecoshine and the obvious choice for the conscious man. Ecoshine uses the latest water-saving steam technology and environmentally friendly products. Ecoshine is the car care of the future. Who uses Eco Shine Ecoshine is your environmentally friendly partner for high quality car care services. We offer our services to a wide range of customers: municipalities, car dealers, corporate car parks, private individuals, etc. Do you want to try? Feel free to contact us and we'll tell you more ... NEWS LETTER Ecoshine © 2018. All Rights Reserved.