Franchise - Ecoshine Menu HOME ABOUT US ECOSHINE ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY + SERVICES All our services Machines + FACILITIES BOOK TIME Bromma Fagersta Hammarby Sjöstad Heron city Huddinge Högdalen Kista Nacka forum Liljeholmen C Sickla Shopping center Södertälje Ködlan Södertälje Kringlan Södertälje (Östermalm) + FRANCHISE CONTACT BECOME A PART OF ECOSHINE'S SUCCESSFUL CONCEPT When we took the revolutionary steam technology to Sweden in 2011, a fantastic transformation of a dirty industry that maybe washed cars clean but which at the same time soiled our soil started. It took time to gain customer confidence as the traditional water method was the only thing we knew about here. But it swung quickly and today we are overwhelmed with compliments for the incredible results and the change towards a sustainable industry that we have started. As a franchisee, you don't have to build a brand and test yourself for what customers want - we already know that. Ecoshine is expanding throughout Sweden and we are looking for franchisees who together with us want to become a successful entrepreneur. Welcome to Ecoshine! Become one of us ... Develop your business with Sweden's leading player in the environmentally friendly car wash Help with marketing and sales We make sure you get locally adapted marketing material and instead of thinking out the next advertising campaign you can focus on the core business and customers. Access to economies of scale As a franchisee, you are a small business while at the same time being part of a larger business. You can thus maintain a profile as a family business while having access to economies of scale such as further education, joint marketing and advantageous purchasing. Valuable network In a franchise chain you are more working on the same thing which gives you a valuable network where there is often someone you can ask for advice or exchange experiences with. A well-functioning corporate form Surveys have been conducted in which franchisees were asked about their attitudes, opinions and experiences regarding the franchise. Nine out of ten replied that their franchise companies were successful and as many felt that the expectations that existed before the start were met. Two out of three did not think they would be as successful if they started a similar business themselves. Step 1Start package The starter package includes all machines, products, clothing and marketing materials required to run a car care company. We sell a turnkey concept which means that you only need a local to run the business. Step 2Hand in hand Together we go through your area and put together a marketing and sales plan. You then get originals for the various channels to be used, designed and managed by an advertising agency. We send out press releases to spread the news about your new facility. Our goal is for you to have ready-made contracts and customers before the business starts to get started and make money right away. Step 3EducationsWhether you have experience in the industry or not, we give you a thorough education in car wash, reconditioning, various treatments and tire replacement. When the start date comes, we are with you in the facility to make you feel secure in everything that can be requested. You will continuously receive information about new products and training in new techniques. Step 4Your facilityYour facility will have its own part on our website together with a Facebook page. Instagram is used for all devices together and we also learn how the social media is best managed and updated. Either you have a ready-made room that is adapted to Ecoshine's concept or we together try to find a room through our existing contacts in the real estate industry. ABOUT US Ecoshine are car care specialists who offer a future of car care technology. Our programs maintain the highest quality and at the same time save large quantities of water and protect the environment. Our key words are Effective - Ethical - Simple If you are interested in starting your own and like cars, we have an unbeatable concept. Become part of our team with your own facility and you will both enjoy being self-employed and part of the large chain with professional support system and economies of scale. REDUCE YOUR CLIMATE IMPACT Environmental thinking is a fundamental principle for Ecoshine and the obvious choice for the conscious man. Ecoshine uses the latest water-saving steam technology and environmentally friendly products. Ecoshine is the car care of the future. Who uses Eco Shine Ecoshine is your environmentally friendly partner for high quality car care services. We offer our services to a wide range of customers: municipalities, car dealers, corporate car parks, private individuals, etc. Do you want to try? Feel free to contact us and we'll tell you more ... NEWS LETTER Ecoshine © 2018. All Rights Reserved.