Postponed deadline to remove the stud tires until May 1 - Latest news from Vianor - Vianor - Vianor Select country Clear Cart Contents Tires Brand ›Nokian Tires Bridgestone Goodyear GT Radial Michelin RadarPersonal cars› Summer tiresWinter tiresBig tiresDigital tiresDesign tiresDesign tiresDesign tiresDesign tiresSummer tires forklifts telescopic loader wheel loader dumps / grusbilGravemaskin with hjulVeghøvlerBorerigger and other mining equipment Container and material handling equipment Agricultural tires> Traction tires tractor industrial tires harvester deck trailer and implementdekkSkurtreskerdekkLitt used tires tires for less maskinerLastebil- and bus tires> Free Rolling wheel drive tires wheels Brand> AdvantiAEZArcastingATSBallisticBBSBMCSPDezentGMPImageNitroR-SeriesSpathSTW wheels Xtreme View all »Service Service> Vianor basic service AC service AC Cleaner Exhaust System Battery and Charger Control Car Accessories Original Service Brakes Tire Hotel Wheel Replacement H Christmas position MC tires Oil change Shock absorbers EU control SnapScan Timing Price request Timing WorkshopsBusiness customers myVianor Deferred deadline for removing the stud tires until May 1, 2002.2020 There can be practical challenges these days, with quarantine, reduced opening hours and reduced capacity at some workshops. The Norwegian Public Roads Administration still encourages people to replace the tire tires as soon as possible, and makes the following statement: “It is unfortunate to have vehicles with studded tires on the roads longer than necessary. The combination of studded tires, dry roads, warm weather and good driving speed gives a lot of gliding dust ”. The Roads Administration is therefore requesting that those who have the opportunity change wheels now, rather than wait until the deadline approaches. Vianor will stay open as usual and is ready to help you change to summer wheels. Some of our departments have somewhat reduced opening hours. Find your nearest Vianor service workshop and see the opening hours here. You can easily book a time for tire change at your convenience through our website. Remember that good tires are just as important in the summer months as they are in the winter. Rainwater in the wheel tracks poses a great risk of water leveling, and places high demands on the driving and the tires. New tires are the best weapon against water leveling, as a tire pattern that directs the water away from the tire is the most effective. According to tests, water planning starts at 76 km / h when water penetrates under worn out tires (pattern depth below 1.6 mm), while for new tires it occurs at 96 km / h. Do you wonder if it is time for new summer tires? If you are unsure of what your summer tires are like, take a look at the pattern depth. The minimum allowable pattern depth on summer tires is 1.6 millimeters, but NAF recommends 3 millimeters as a minimum. Vianor and Nokian recommend changing both summer tires and winter tires at a minimum 4 mm pattern depth, to ensure adequate wet road characteristics - which is a great deal in Norway. If you are looking for suitable summer tires, we are happy to help you find the tires to suit your needs. Contact us for a chat, or find and order tires on our website. Latest news from VianorApril, 2020Summer road means summer tiresIn these special times, tires can seem like a minor concern. It may feel like using stud-free winter tires this summer is less troublesome than switching to summer tires - especially since many of us are not driving as much as usual right now. However, tires are an equally important part of road safety as always, and with summer tires in good condition you will significantly increase the safety of summer roads. This is why you should not forget to look carefully at what is rolling under your car. Choose quality tires for safety on the summer road - lower fuel consumption also offers savings. Tires are an important piece of equipment that affect car safety as they are the vehicle's only point of contact with the roadway. When you buy new tires, cheaper tires may seem like a good option for your wallet, but in the long term, quality tires are often more profitable and, above all, safer. condition, and the Korona situation provides a delayed deadline for removing the studded tires. The Roads Administration has decided to grant exemptions from the ordinary stud tire deadlines. New deadline is now May 1st for the entire country. Normally, tire tires should be removed within the first Monday after Easter Sunday in southern Norway, and by May 1st for northern Norway. This year, the month of April applies both in the south and the north. March, 2020Important information about coronavirus and infection riskWe safeguard the safety of our customers and employees. At all our service centers, measures have been taken to deal with the corona situation, so that customers can have a safe visit with us. We follow the situation closely, and implement measures based on developments and recommendations. February, 2020 Check this out before embarking on a long trip with the carThese are the checkpoints on the tires you must go through before embarking on long trips during the winter holidays. September, 2019Increased risk of water planning with poor pattern depthThe risk of water planning is perhaps greatest in autumn in Norway, but more rainfall over long periods throughout the year and poor roads make this a risk factor all year round. The tire's design depth and the driver's driving style mean more than the wet grip rating. June, 2019How to get your motorcycle ready for summer! The importance of tightening after wheel changes February, 2019Now there will be new rules for EU control January, 2019Are you going to take EU control on your car soon? Drive 5,000 miles on Arctic glacier in 20 days How to avoid freezing liquid to ice Check this to avoid battery trouble December, 2018Get $ 500 off by registering on SnapScanMake sure your car is ready for the cold November, 2018This can be done if you experience battery trouble in the winter timeRemember to tighten your wheels? From tire to car: New car repair shop and control body at Bryn October, 2018 Oslo Motor Show 26-28. OctoberTo reuse last year's winter tires? You should switch to winter tires - nowAll you need to know about winter tires for your electric carThese tires won the NAF test August, 2018How to store your summer tires Make your motorcycle summer ready! May, 2018Nokian Tires starts construction of new technology center in SpainAre you ready for the summer season? Here are some tips and hints March, 2018Nokian Tires celebrates 120 yearsNokian Tires returns to the roots and launches new design January, 2018Lower expense and less emissions with new tires from Nokian Tires September, 2017Howard and wet roads: Beware of water planning! Nokian Tires introduces revolutionary new product: The world's first double-deck tire ensures exceptional grip on Norwegian winter roadsNokian Hakka Black 2 and Nokian Hakka Black 2 SUV - comfortable driving on Nordic summer roadsNew Nokian Hakka Blue 2 SUV is a winner on rainy roads May, 2017The spring is in review When Should You Really Change to Summer Tires? The snow melts and the temperature rises. Spring is coming, and it's soon time to change to summer tires. However, be sure to keep an eye on both the weather forecast and the calendar. There is no rush. December, 2016 Launches Revolutionary Security Technology: Automatic Scanners on the Road Alert When Changing Tires With 3D scanning and IoT, Nokian Tires will reduce tire-related car accidents by 25 percent. November, 2016How to take care of your winter tires Now it is overtime to change to winter tires. A good rule of thumb is to switch to winter tires when it is common with night frosts. With a few simple grips you can increase the life of your winter tires, as well as safety and comfort. October, 2016Vianor and Nokian Tires with world record: New world record for the fastest car driven on two wheels: 186 km / h In late August, stunt driver Vesa Kivimäki balanced his BMW 330 on two wheels at 186.269 km / h with the help of “bulletproof” tires from Nokian Tires and pit crew from Vianor. June, 2013 Carefree holiday with a car and tires in top shapeThe car is put on hard tests during the holidays. Full loads, long laps, changing conditions and high speeds on the holiday trip on the continent quickly reveal weaknesses with the car. It is therefore important to check both air pressure and brakes before the holidays. A fully loaded car needs 10-15 percent more air than normal. High quality summer tires provide the best protection against water leveling. June, 2012 High quality summer tires provide good protection against water planning Every third Norwegian family travels on holiday by car. The quality and condition of summer tires is very important for safe driving, especially when a heavy thunderstorm surprises holidaymakers. A test conducted by the Swedish MHF shows that a car with cheap and worn summer tires got water bursting at almost 20 km / h lower speed than the car with new high quality summer tires for Nordic conditions.Pass on speed marking and load factor: Correct tires for safety sake When buying new tires, it is very important to be aware of concepts such as speed marking and load factor. Both parts are important, both for driving characteristics and safety, says Tron Gulbrandsen, sales director at Nokian Tires. The tire page provides useful information. Here you will know where the tire is manufactured, when it is manufactured, what speed it is approved for and much more. The EU's new tire marking may mislead consumers in the Nordic countries has carried out on behalf of Nokian Tires in Norway, Sweden and Finland. Nordic motorists who responded to the market survey primarily want winter tires to have good grip on ice and snow covered roads. March, 2012New Nokian NTR 46 truck tires provide durability for varied construction drivingNokian Hakka Blue tops in summer tire test252.09 km / h: World record front cars on isNokian Tires summer tires for passenger cars 2012: New Nokian Hakka Blue thrives on wet roads viktigeEUs new tire labeling - trucks and buses facts about tires tire side labeling rules and advice dekkHva happens to your tires? facts about tires? Links Tips for deck maintenance longer service life of the tires check the tires check tire pressure right storage anticipate hydroplaning tires kalkulatorTPMS-systemTPMS - FAQTestsuksess Nokian tires cheap tires and kostnaderVianorKontaktinformasjonLeveringsvilkår and guarantee recruitment open application feedback tender payment terms © Vianor AS 2020 | Terms | Privacy Policy