Denco Tires Kapelle-op-den-Bos - Here you will find all tires and more for the best prices Skip and go to the general content CONTACT US Denco Tires Londerzeelseweg 111 1880 Kapelle-op-den-bos Tel .: 015 / 71.10.04 Fax: 015 / 71.00.90 info@dencobanden.be Home Tire CenterRimsTiresOutlinesShop / FuelPromotionsContact WINTER PROMOTION ON OUR PROMO PAGE Denco Tires for a quick start The company was already started in 1973 in Kapelle-op-den-Bos, but then it was only an Esso gas station. The tire center itself opened its doors in 2009. Operators Tim and Ellen highly value competitive prices, we try to ensure a personal approach and good service. In our shop Ellen will help you further. If you wish, she can also make a fuel invoice from the fuel coupons you have applied or from specialist literature purchased from us. Self-acting pattern Tim performs all placements. And ensures that you get an appointment in time and a good price so that you can be sure of: a personal approach, competitive prices, excellent professional knowledge, which results in a high-quality result. Denco Tires is the place to go for your new tires. In case a specific tire for your car turns out to be out of stock, it will be ordered and we have all the materials the next day. In addition, you can work by appointment so that you do not have to waste time, since replacing 4 tires takes a maximum of 1 hour! Denco Tires not only replaces tires, but also repairs a tire if necessary (and possible). That way you save unnecessary costs. While we are working with your car, you can wait without obligation in our waiting room. You can work or read in this room. If you have any questions after viewing this website, you can always contact us without obligation. All tire brands are available from us. You can also order budget tires from us. After all, it has been a crisis for everyone, which is why we work with quality brands at low prices. For more information about our private brands and our discounts, please refer to the promotion page of this website. Shop opening hours Monday to Friday: 6am to 6pm Saturday: 7am to 12pm Sunday: closed Tire center opening hours Mon to Fri: 9am to 12pm and 1pm to 6pm Sat: 9am to 12pm Sun: closed Some of our brands: Copyright Denco Tires | Contact us | Website by Publivisie