Promotions on winter sets with algae from the Platin, MAK and BBS brands. | Denco Tires Kapelle-op-den-Bos - Here you will find all tires and more for the best prices Skip and go to the general content CONTACT US Denco Tires Londerzeelseweg 111 1880 Kapelle-op-den-Bos Tel .: 015 / 71.10.04 Fax: 015 / 71.00.90 info@dencobanden.be Home Tire CenterRimsTiresAlignShop / FuelPromotionsContact WINTER PROMOTION ON OUR PROMO PAGE Promotions on winter sets with platinum, MAK and BBS brands. A winter set for every budget. An extra set of TPMS sensors is also no problem. Customers who do not fit winter tires should also have their tires checked. We will then check whether your tires still have sufficient tread and that the tire pressure is still OK. And they don't need to be replaced. The deeper the profile, the better the water can be drained and the more contact they have with the road surface. Order your winter tires in time. We can store for you with changed tires and / or rims. You can also choose to have your rims professionally cleaned during their stay with us. This way you can get back on the road after the winter with nicely polished rims and tires under your car. Feel free to ask for these options and the cost. Or ask for information about how we do this and the products we use. We are happy to assist you. We also have budget brands in the range. The 4x4 fanatic can also contact DENCO BANDEN the range of 4x4 tires from BFGoodrich still the top in this range. Order your winter tires in time this year to prevent your tires from being out of stock. Winter tires provide an advantage when the average temperature drops below 7 ° C. Therefore, have your tires fitted in time and do not wait until the first snowfall, winter tires are also useful in cold wet weather. Do not hesitate to contact us for more information, a price offer or an appointment. We are happy to assist you and help you with the best advice. Shop opening hours Monday to Friday: 6am to 6pm Saturday: 7am to 12pm Sunday: closed Tire center opening hours Mon to Fri: 9am to 12pm and 1pm to 6pm Sat: 9am to 12pm Sun: closed Some of our brands: Copyright Denco Tires | Contact us | Website by Publivisie