Home HomeWebshopMethodsOfferF.A.Q.ReportsGalleryAbout UsContact € 0.00 0 Custom Car Cleaning takes the utmost care and attention to bring and keep your car in showroom condition. We guarantee a brilliant result and a long durability. Both are only possible by tackling and solving the problem at the source, and not temporarily cloaking with a product. After all, shine, depth and reflection must be created by a healthy lacquer layer and not just by a temporary product. Thanks to close cooperation with other professionals, we can now also offer other attractive side activities in our own workshop, such as restyling parking dents and updating boarding damage to leather. So be sure to read this site at your leisure and decide whether your car can receive the treatment it actually deserves. New reports Porsche 964 Turbo - Paint Correction If you have an icon like this Porsche 911 (964) Turbo, it is actually a mortal sin if it is not in the top garage. Unfortunately, that was a little bit the case for the visit to us. Optically in terms of paint, because technically this is really one of the better. However, the gray look of the paint suggested otherwise and that had to change. With this short photo report, we show what is still possible with a professional correction and detail. In any case, this Porsche has improved by leaps and bounds. Are you also interested in such a metamorphosis for your own precious possession? Feel free to contact us to discuss the possibilities together. Thanks for your attention, Greetings Bart Custom Car Cleaning + 316 - 55 82 72 89 View Audi RS4 Avant - Full Detail - Swissvax This regular customer has a number of very nice cars and this Audi RS4 Avant from 2000 is one of the most recent additions in. Not the fastest, not the most expensive, not with the highest collector value, no, but for him a bit of nostalgia that he would like to add to his collection. And it does it well! Of course you do not buy the first best copy with 10 owners and 200,000 km on the clock. Then you also want one that is still fresh, original and good for its value. Although the car is already 18 years old, it only has 85,000 km on the clock and the interior and exterior are completely in original condition. The V6 Bi-Turbo with 375 hp still spins very softly, the leather still looks very tight and the body is just very good for a car of that age. But, and you already feel it coming, he knew that there was even more to get out of it if we let go of our magic and a Carte Blanche treatment was agreed and booked in. With such a treatment, we book the car very spacious in terms of place / time in our workshop and after a visual inspection after the cleaning steps, we can make a good cost estimate and discuss this with the customer in various options. With such cars, especially if they have aged a bit, one is not the other and the work can be disappointing or disappointing. Besides that, the wishes in completeness and perfection also play an enormous role. That is all a bit of customization that does not always fit well in predefined turns or pricing. In this report, we take you, beyond the normal and known steps in the cleaning and correction phase, into the critical assessment of a car and what else it takes to make it a winner. This report is somewhat more succinct here, but for the full report we would like to refer you to our Facebook page. This is how the car reached us: View BMW M2 - NXTC glass coating after 1 year / 30,000 km / low maintenance The term glass coating is hopefully already a bit established. For those who have never heard of it, this is more or less the most durable paint protection available at the time of writing. In contrast to a conventional wax or sealant, this layer remains permanently present. You do not wash off a little with every wash, the coating is usually harder than the factory varnish and the density is higher, so bird droppings are less likely to eat. Side effects such as easier washing, long-term dirt repellency, protection against discolouration and a beautiful shine may be just as beautiful. And for everything that has a high "it's amazing Mike" content, it is important to remain skeptical and hear an honest story. After all, the car does not become bulletproof, car wash damage is certainly less likely to occur (due to the hardness) and if you do not keep a glass coating, the dirt veil will at some point also reduce repellency and overall operation. Logical in our opinion, but it doesn't hurt to emphasize it extra. Well, after a lot of testing and evaluation, we provided the first customer car with the fairly young N-XTC coating last May. Of course, the application and evaluation on various private cars preceded this moment, but the real deal can still be heard from the reactions and experiences of an unbiased customer. You can read the result after the fresh application via this link: https://www.facebook.com/pg/customcarcleaning.nl/photos/?tab=album&album_id=1228205590526088 We know the owner as someone who usually has quite expensive models. choose and enjoy it. Optical maintenance, on the other hand, is very limited not to mention the word "nil". In the past, other cars caused extreme challenges to get the materials back in order. In short, and a good candidate to test this coating to the max! One year after application, 30,000 km further, 0 manual washes and only spraying once (twice) at the laundry box, the car was handed over to us again last week. This is what it looked like: View Ferrari 458 Italia - Damage Repair - Paintwork Correction Detail Offering a "FULL service" and "unburdening" are terms that we want to integrate further and further into our services. As a customer, you do not have to deal with time-consuming aspects such as logistics, arranging and making agreements here and there to get the job done. It should be almost so simple that the key can be returned and that all worries are taken care of. That is our aim and with this Ferrari 458 Italia (... from Latvia!) We can already put something on the map. The car came to us heavily soiled and damaged. It is absolutely not a "garage queen" and with almost 80,000 km on the clock, it is a car that is used intensively. And well, then you sometimes have the chance that you get a little bit here and there, and with a Ferrari that can be extra painful on both an emotional and economic level. Given the distance, the car was brought to us before the winter period, after which we arranged storage for 4 months. Naturally in a secure and heated location, neatly on the trickle charger and with all amenities within reach. By having the car close by, we were able to take further steps and make agreements to have the damage repaired. The damage consisted of: - Repairing and strengthening the front bumper (had a hole in it) - Replacing the damaged parking sensors - Painting and repainting of the "hood" or trunk lid at the front - Repairing damage to the right rear screen including complete repainting - Repairing the four rims including complete repainting - Transport with trailer from and to the damage repair company. The car on arrival: View To the reports »New photos Ferrari Testarossa View Maserati Ghibli S Q4 View Mercedes SLS AMG BlackSeries View Audi RS3 View To the gallery» New in the webshop Flex PE 14-2-150 rotary The new FLEX PE 14- 2-150 Polisher was developed by professionals for .. va € 425.00 Add to cart View Shiny Garage Bubble Gum Air Freshener Spray 250 ml Bubble Gum Air Freshener Spray refreshes the interior and eliminates odor .. € 8.95 Add to cart View Chemical Guys Clear Liquid Extreme Shine Chemical Guys Clear Liquid Extreme Shine is a sprayable dressing on oil .. € 17,95 Add to cart View Chemical Guys Vintage Series Butter Wet Wax The Chemical Guys Vintage series has some popular classics under .. € 22,95 Order View To the webshop »Custom Car CleaningHeerenstraat 2, 6114 RN Susteren + 31 (0) 6 - 55 82 72 89info@customcarcleaning.nl Chamber of Commerce: (NL) 14.103.658 VAT: (NL) 001.836.698.B46IBAN: NL38RABO0126339058 FacebookYouTubeInstagram © 2008 - 2020 Custom Car Cleaning DisclaimerPrivacyContact Custom Car CleaningWorking Methods .AQReportsGalleryAbout UsContact € 0.00 0