BMW M2 - NXTC glass coating after 1 year / 30,000 km / low maintenance HomeWebshopMethodsOfficeF.AQReportsGalleryAbout UsContact € 0.00 0 »Home» Reports »BMW M2 - NXTC glass coating after 1 year / 30,000 km / low maintenance BMW M2 - NXTC glass coating after 1 years / 30,000 km / low maintenance The term glass coating is hopefully already a bit established. For those who have never heard of it, this is more or less the most durable paint protection available at the time of writing. In contrast to a conventional wax or sealant, this layer remains permanently present. You do not wash off a little with every wash, the coating is usually harder than the factory varnish and the density is higher, so bird droppings are less likely to eat. Side effects such as easier washing, long-term dirt repellency, protection against discolouration and a beautiful shine may be just as beautiful. And for everything that has a high "it's amazing Mike" content, it is important to remain skeptical and hear an honest story. After all, the car does not become bulletproof, car wash damage is certainly less likely to occur (due to the hardness) and if you do not keep a glass coating, the dirt veil will at some point also reduce repellency and overall operation. Logical in our opinion, but it doesn't hurt to emphasize it extra. Well, after a lot of testing and evaluation, we provided the first customer car with the fairly young N-XTC coating last May. Of course, the application and evaluation on various private cars preceded this moment, but the real deal can still be heard from the reactions and experiences of an unbiased customer. You can read the result after the fresh application via this link: https://www.facebook.com/pg/customcarcleaning.nl/photos/?tab=album&album_id=1228205590526088 We know the owner as someone who usually has quite expensive models. choose and enjoy it. Optical maintenance, on the other hand, is very limited not to mention the word "nil". In the past, other cars caused extreme challenges to get the materials back in order. In short, and a good candidate to test this coating to the max! One year after application, 30,000 km further, 0 manual washes and only spraying once (twice) at the laundry box, the car was handed over to us again last week. This is what it looked like: Cleaning Despite the fact that the car looks neat from a distance, it is really dirty as can be seen in the close-ups. With our extensive manual wash, the car is washed accurately. The complete trolley and wheels are treated with a tar remover, flash rust remover and before and after these operations are foamed with the high-pressure foam lance. The manual wash with the maintenance shampoo ensures that the coating becomes stain-free and clean again. In this case, the fly remnants were easily removed after only the foam and the manual wash. Fly rust 0.0, but the attachment of tar spots was reasonably present. Roadworks in the customer's place of residence were the cause and if you normally keep up with washing, it will not have a chance to adhere, but only spraying the car will no longer work. However, a good tar remover literally solves the problem in an instant. Here are a series of photos of the cleaning process and the result after this wash. With just washing, again a very nice result ... Update to the coating Once inside, the car was carefully viewed under various light sources. Except for a single straight line, scratches on the bonnet and boot lid of a stray stone and / or the warp of the wind i.c.m. sand almost perfect. Imperfections that we did encounter were: * Here and there water spots (especially on the windows) of burned-in water drops. Typically an effect that you get when the car is sprayed and not dried afterwards. The drops then act as a prism and i.c.m. the sun burns these into the materials. There are commercially available solvents that you can use to remove it with some effort during the wash. If the water spots are baked in too far, you can only remove this with polishing. * Insect acids had been eaten on the front bumper and on the mirror caps. Despite the fact that the coating slows this down and despite the fact that the "corpses" were easily released during the washing or spraying process, it has been on for too long and has caused damage. Now the front bumper had minor damage repaired at the dealer, so it was planned to at least repaint the front bumper anyway. In terms of bird droppings, the customer still had a nice anecdote for us when the car was parked at Schiphol quite shortly after application. If we can quote him: "If I could choose I would have liked it on the Z4, because the M2 stood in the sun at Schiphol for 3 weeks and when I wanted to brush off the 2 spots with bird droppings last night, it simply turned out my van Quick Detailer was enough to soak the poo and spray it off the paint. So a great product! " Again, of course ......... keep in mind that the coating is delayed and damage is less likely, but remove these things as soon as possible to prevent burn-in stains. If damage does occur, this is usually mainly in the coating and not in the paint layer. The paint itself remains preserved and does not need to be thinned to remove the defects. It will be necessary to tackle the coating and update it (locally). After the re-application of the coating, the entire sealant layer (the topping of the coating) was renewed. This application is included in the maintenance service as standard. The coating postcard is somewhat stiff and not as hydrophobic as a "greasy" wax layer. This makes it feel less smooth and it produces a lesser form of "beading" (the well-known drop formation on the paint). The "sheeting" (the draining of the water), on the other hand, is higher with a coating. This sealant layer is used to make the coating smooth and to enhance the hydrophobic effect. It also has the function of protecting a fresh coating against external impacts. Especially applicable in the first weeks after application because the coating still hardens. The sealant lasts about 6 to 8 months with frequent use of aggressive shampoos / washing boxes. A renewal is not necessarily necessary, the coating picture still does its job well, but in the composition of the maintenance we have included this replacement as standard to ensure that extra beading, shine and smoothness. It's a question that everything is really up to date again for the very best and most beautiful result. Interior, finishing and dots on the i's During maintenance, all other things are of course also checked and the dots are put on the i's. The rims are updated, the tires are neatly dressed, the exhausts are polished, the windows are again made water-repellent and in the turn a basic treatment of the interior is included as standard. After this one-day treatment, as you see in this report, the customer can go home with a "new car". "Whether the customer is satisfied with the coating?". Well, next week he will bring his new Tesla Model X for the same treatment, there are not many words to get dirty :) The result: «Overview» Custom Car CleaningHeerenstraat 2, 6114 RN Susteren + 31 (0) 6 - 55 82 72 89info@customcarcleaning.nl KVK: (NL) 14.103.658VAT: (NL) 001.836.698.B46IBAN: NL38RABO0126339058 FacebookYouTubeInstagram © 2008 - 2020 Custom Car Cleaning DisclaimerPrivacyContact Custom Car Cleaning is powered by GraphX ​​CMS HomeWorkingContactOfferReferenceAQReport .00 0