Ferrari 458 Italia - Damage Repair - Paintwork Correction Detail HomeWebshopMethodsOfferingF.AQReportsGalleryAbout UsContact € 0.00 0 »Home» Reports »Ferrari 458 Italia - Damage Repair - Paintwork Correction Detail Ferrari 458 Italia - Damage Repair - Paintwork Correction Detail Offering a" FULL service "and" unburdening "are terms that we want to integrate further and further into our services. As a customer, you do not have to deal with time-consuming aspects such as logistics, arranging and making agreements here and there to get the job done. It should be almost so simple that the key can be returned and that all worries are taken care of. That is our aim and with this Ferrari 458 Italia (... from Latvia!) We can already put something on the map. The car came to us heavily soiled and damaged. It is absolutely not a "garage queen" and with almost 80,000 km on the clock, it is a car that is used intensively. And well, then you sometimes have the chance that you get a little bit here and there, and with a Ferrari that can be extra painful on both an emotional and economic level. Given the distance, the car was brought to us before the winter period, after which we arranged storage for 4 months. Naturally in a secure and heated location, neatly on the trickle charger and with all amenities within reach. By having the car close by, we were able to take further steps and make agreements to have the damage repaired. The damage consisted of: - Repairing and strengthening the front bumper (had a hole in it) - Replacing the damaged parking sensors - Painting and repainting of the "hood" or trunk lid at the front - Repairing damage to the right rear screen including complete repainting - Repairing the four rims including complete repainting - Transport with trailer from and to the damage repair company. The car on arrival: Damage repair Of course we can not do everything ourselves, we do not want to, in this profession everything is a profession and in order to maintain a high standard in all areas you have to work with other professionals and professionals. After many "trails and errors" we have found a repairer with whom we have entered into a partnership with pleasure and confidence. After discussing the details it soon became clear that we expect a very high finish without dust dots, color and structure difference. However, you will soon have those last two points in practice, since the rest of the original paint layer has been exposed to the elements and slowly oxidized and weathered. By arranging and planning the entire assignment in-house, we can immediately ensure that the entire car and surrounding original paint is tackled, corrected and finished so that it fully matches the new paint layer. Also, everything is perfectly protected and preserved directly from the base so that you do not have to worry about that. Detailing After the repair, both the new paint and of course the original paint must be further and further refined in order to strive for perfection. With different polishing phases, coarseness, repetitions and speeds per plate part, the complete paint was further treated and refined to absolute high gloss. In this photo series we present some before and after photos of this process: Finishing including Swissvax After this whole cosmetic upgrade, all materials must of course be further protected and preserved. By using the purity of Swissvax we can guarantee this on a natural basis. After degreasing, the car was manually treated with the Cleaner Fluid (pre wax) and two layers of Swissvax Concorso Wax. The rims and exhausts received the Autobahn Wax as protection. Glassware, rubbers, plastics and all other details were of course not forgotten. After a serious challenge, we can deliver a car that we can rightfully be a little proud of. Enjoy the result pictures :-) !! «Overview» Custom Car CleaningHeerenstraat 2, 6114 RN Susteren + 31 (0) 6 - 55 82 72 89info@customcarcleaning.nl KVK: (NL) 14.103.658 VAT: (NL) 001.836.698.B46IBAN: NL38RABO0126339058 FacebookYouTubeInstagram © 2008 - 2020 Custom Car Cleaning DisclaimerPrivacyContact Custom Car Cleaning is powered by GraphX ​​CMS HomeWebshopMethodsOfferF.AQReportsGalleryAbout UsContact € 0.00 0