Reports HomeWebshopMethods of supplyF.A.Q.ReportsGalleryAbout UsContact € 0.00 0 »Home» Reports Reports In this section you will find some examples of our activities. Feel free to browse them and do not hesitate to contact us for more information. Porsche 964 Turbo - Paint Correction If you have an icon like this Porsche 911 (964) Turbo, it is actually a shame if it is not in the garage. Unfortunately, that was a little bit the case for the visit to us. Optically in terms of paint, because technically this is really one of the better. However, the gray look of the paint suggested otherwise and that had to change. With this short photo report, we show what is still possible with a professional correction and detail. In any case, this Porsche has improved by leaps and bounds. Are you also interested in such a metamorphosis for your own precious possession? Feel free to contact us to discuss the possibilities together. Thanks for your attention, Greetings Bart Custom Car Cleaning + 316 - 55 82 72 89 View Audi RS4 Avant - Full Detail - Swissvax This regular customer has a number of very nice cars and this Audi RS4 Avant from 2000 is one of the most recent additions in. Not the fastest, not the most expensive, not with the highest collector value, no, but for him a bit of nostalgia that he would like to add to his collection. And it does it well! Of course you do not buy the first best copy with 10 owners and 200,000 km on the clock. Then you also want one that is still fresh, original and good for its value. Although the car is already 18 years old, it only has 85,000 km on the clock and the interior and exterior are completely in original condition. The V6 Bi-Turbo with 375 hp still spins very softly, the leather still looks very tight and the body is just very good for a car of that age. But, and you already feel it coming, he knew that there was even more to get out of it if we let go of our magic and a Carte Blanche treatment was agreed and booked in. With such a treatment, we book the car very spacious in terms of place / time in our workshop and after a visual inspection after the cleaning steps, we can make a good cost estimate and discuss this with the customer in various options. With such cars, especially if they have aged a bit, one is not the other and the work can be disappointing or disappointing. Besides that, the wishes in completeness and perfection also play an enormous role. That is all a bit of customization that does not always fit well in predefined turns or pricing. In this report, we take you, beyond the normal and known steps in the cleaning and correction phase, into the critical assessment of a car and what else it takes to make it a winner. This report is somewhat more succinct here, but for the full report we would like to refer you to our Facebook page. This is how the car reached us: View BMW M2 - NXTC glass coating after 1 year / 30,000 km / low maintenance The term glass coating is hopefully already a bit established. For those who have never heard of it, this is more or less the most durable paint protection available at the time of writing. In contrast to a conventional wax or sealant, this layer remains permanently present. You do not wash off a little with every wash, the coating is usually harder than the factory varnish and the density is higher, so bird droppings are less likely to eat. Side effects such as easier washing, long-term dirt repellency, protection against discolouration and a beautiful shine may be just as beautiful. And for everything that has a high "it's amazing Mike" content, it is important to remain skeptical and hear an honest story. After all, the car does not become bulletproof, car wash damage is certainly less likely to occur (due to the hardness) and if you do not keep a glass coating, the dirt veil will at some point also reduce repellency and overall operation. Logical in our opinion, but it doesn't hurt to emphasize it extra. Well, after a lot of testing and evaluation, we provided the first customer car with the fairly young N-XTC coating last May. Of course, the application and evaluation on various private cars preceded this moment, but the real deal can still be heard from the reactions and experiences of an unbiased customer. You can read the result after the fresh application via this link: https://www.facebook.com/pg/customcarcleaning.nl/photos/?tab=album&album_id=1228205590526088 We know the owner as someone who usually has quite expensive models. choose and enjoy it. Optical maintenance, on the other hand, is very limited not to mention the word "nil". In the past, other cars caused extreme challenges to get the materials back in order. In short, and a good candidate to test this coating to the max! One year after application, 30,000 km further, 0 manual washes and only spraying once (twice) at the laundry box, the car was handed over to us again last week. This is what it looked like: View Ferrari 458 Italia - Damage Repair - Paintwork Correction Detail Offering a "FULL service" and "unburdening" are terms that we want to integrate further and further into our services. As a customer, you do not have to deal with time-consuming aspects such as logistics, arranging and making agreements here and there to get the job done. It should be almost so simple that the key can be returned and that all worries are taken care of. That is our aim and with this Ferrari 458 Italia (... from Latvia!) We can already put something on the map. The car came to us heavily soiled and damaged. It is absolutely not a "garage queen" and with almost 80,000 km on the clock, it is a car that is used intensively. And well, then you sometimes have the chance that you get a little bit here and there, and with a Ferrari that can be extra painful on both an emotional and economic level. Given the distance, the car was brought to us before the winter period, after which we arranged storage for 4 months. Naturally in a secure and heated location, neatly on the trickle charger and with all amenities within reach. By having the car close by, we were able to take further steps and make agreements to have the damage repaired. The damage consisted of: - Repairing and strengthening the front bumper (had a hole in it) - Replacing the damaged parking sensors - Painting and repainting of the "hood" or trunk lid at the front - Repairing damage to the right rear screen including complete repainting - Repairing the four rims including complete repainting - Transport with trailer from and to the damage repair company. The car on arrival: View Lamborghini LP 560-4 - Concour D'Elegance Bronze After seeing some of our projects on Facebook, this new customer decided to drop by for more precise information. His Lamborghini was actually used as a "car" and therefore absolutely no Garage Queen that only comes out on a sunny Sunday. Trackdays, Nurburgring, Ardennenritjes ....... you name it he's done it :) If you also add that the car was not washed very often (just spray regularly with the high pressure cleaner) you can calculate that a detail treatment was certainly in order. After going through the different options, the customer chose the Concour D'Elegance Bronze treatment, given the use. In the following photo series, you can clearly see what this treatment entails. Also interested in our services? Do not hesitate and feel free to contact us to discuss the possibilities. Greetings Bart Custom Car Cleaning + 316 - 55 82 72 89 View Porsche 997 - Paintwork Correction Detail stage 3 + Modesta Glass coating All nice and nice those difficult terms, but what does that look like? Exactly, with some good before and after photos we can show what you (flatly said) really get for your money :) This Porsche underwent a complete metamorphosis in 4 days. The paintwork was extensively corrected before it was finished with the Modesta glass coating. As you can see, the gloss, reflection, color intensity and metallic flake have progressively improved. PS: the front cover has been repainted and, as can be seen in the "front" photo, this has not happened very perfectly. Or at least, it was not even that hard to notice outside in the daylight, we must honestly say, but under our (too) strict lighting it was very clear. In consultation with the owner, this part has been tackled more extensively to get the weather "as good as possible" perfect. Despite the fact that some sanding scratches have been left behind, the difference is enormous. These sanding scratches were simply under the varnish layer, so that they were, as it were, locked up for us. But gosh, that's in ant fucker mode, but that's a part of our job! In this series of photos, we mainly present you the difference in paint before our treatment and after our treatment. In addition to the correction, also pay attention to the gain in color and depth .. Greetings Bart Custom Car Cleaning + 316 - 55 82 72 89 View Porsche Cayenne - Paintwork Correction Detail stage 1 + Modesta glass coating The owner of this Cayenne bought the car for a year and about 35,000 km ago brand new. "Delivered with a Swisstec paint armor" ........ it must be good, he thought, carts with that bite :) In practice, that was a bit disappointing and soon he couldn't get the car clean easily anymore. The paint also looked pale, dull and older than it should be. However, he had been following our projects on Facebook for a while and contacted us a few months ago to make an appointment. Sending a piece from North Holland, but that should not spoil the fun. We performed a Paintwork Correction Detail stage I with a supplement of Modesta Glass coating. The interior was cleaned, the leather conditioned and all other materials were also addressed and protected. At the end result we see a beautiful, full and rich color with a beautiful wet reflection. Back to basics, well protected and easy to keep. This is how the car reached us on arrival: View Ferrari F355 Berlinetta - Concours D'Elegance Platinum - Swissvax This upcoming classic is the recent addition of a new customer. He came to us after the praise of a colleague who had his Porsche 911 GT3 treated with us last year. The technical specifications do not lie with this Ferrari. Although the car is already 20 years old, she has only driven 48,000 km, maintained the first paint and tip top. Optically, however, there was something to complain about. The normally oh so intense Rosso Corsa was rather faded and the many micro scratches and dull spots spoiled the fun. The interior was characterized by greasy buttons and very dry leather. The owner wanted to have him beautifully detailed inside and out and to make and preserve the car as well as possible. It was agreed to perform the Concour D'Elegance Platinum treatment with Swissvax as a finish. All in all, it took almost 5 full working days to complete ,,,,,,, but with results !! Questions, comments or interest in giving your own car such a metamorphosis? Call or email us for more information and the possibilities. View Maserati GranCabrio MC Stradale - Concour D'Elegance Gold - Deluxe Leather Treatment This beautiful Italian lady was scheduled for four days for a Concour D'Elegance Gold treatment including interior work. The finishing was done with Swissvax. For many of us this would be a car that could only come out in good weather, but, and although the owner is certainly careful with it, this is a car that is just not used every day. No worries, for Sundays there are plenty of other cars in the collection to pamper, say :) The main part of a treatment like this is in correcting and refining the paintwork. Most of the photos in this report are therefore about those correction work. Perhaps interesting to see are the defects that are partly due to use, but that are also partly not corrected ex works. Sanding errors, polishing errors on the carbon parts and a lesser refinement of the structure on certain parts. All in all a great car that we enjoyed working on. In view of the weather, we had to take the photos unfortunately, but hopefully they show the end result well. Enjoy the photos and call or email us if you have any further questions or questions: info@customcarcleaning.nl +31 (0) 6 - 55 82 72 89 View Audi A3 Sedan - Paintwork Correction Detail stage I + N-XTC glass coating The owner of this brand new Audi A3 Sedan previously used ProTech services to protect its acquisitions. However, at the local Volkswagen Dealer, where this well-dressed Audi was ordered, they brought our name to the attention and the term "glass coatings". The customer therefore made a no-obligation appointment with us for further information and a quote. In terms of price comparison, we never won that, but in all other aspects we could easily convince. The appointment was booked and it was arranged that we handled the car before delivery. In this small report you can see that it is not surprising to have even a brand new car treated by us immediately. In any case, it is also much more fun to receive a car in perfect and well-protected condition. Be sure to inquire about the various options. This can range from a light preparation including wax finish to a durable paint protection such as this coating. After unloading, this brand new car was right in front of us. It looks perfect ...? View BMW GT - Basic Interior including Deluxe Leather Treatment As a busy entrepreneur, you often have other things on your mind than maintaining your daily workhorse. It is cursing in the church, but for the exterior you may find salvation in the car wash. However, for the inside that option is a bit more difficult ... With light leather upholstery, it quickly goes from bad to worse. What starts with "I should do that" goes through "really no time for" until "damn, I don't know how I will ever get that clean ...". This BMW GT with 175,000 km on the clock is a good example of this. The Basic Interior Treatment is combined with the Deluxe Leather Treatment. After thorough cleaning, the leather was scrubbed so that all imperfections and pores were also cleaned. After degreasing, everything was conditioned with a leather cream that nourishes it and keeps it supple. Matt finish of course, because shiny leather is simply not done. The before, and after photos tell the rest of the story: View Custom Car CleaningHeerenstraat 2, 6114 RN Susteren + 31 (0) 6 - 55 82 72 89info@customcarcleaning.nl KVK: (NL) 14.103.658VAT: (NL) 001.836.698.B46IBAN: NL38RABO0126339058 FacebookYouTubeInstagram © 2008 - 2020 Custom Car Cleaning DisclaimerPrivacyContact Custom Car Cleaning is powered by GraphX ​​CMS HomeWebshopProvidesF.AQReportsGalleryAbout UsContact € 0.00 0