Audi RS4 Avant - Full Detail - Swissvax HomeWebshopProcessesOfficeF.AQReportsGalleryAbout UsContact € 0.00 0 »Home» Reports »Audi RS4 Avant - Full Detail - Swissvax Audi RS4 Avant - Full Detail - Swissvax This regular customer has a number of very nice cars and this 2000 Audi RS4 Avant is one of the most recent additions. Not the fastest, not the most expensive, not with the highest collector value, no, but for him a bit of nostalgia that he would like to add to his collection. And it does it well! Of course you do not buy the first best copy with 10 owners and 200,000 km on the clock. Then you also want one that is still fresh, original and good for its value. Although the car is already 18 years old, it only has 85,000 km on the clock and the interior and exterior are completely in original condition. The V6 Bi-Turbo with 375 hp still spins very softly, the leather still looks very tight and the body is just very good for a car of that age. But, and you already feel it coming, he knew that there was even more to get out of it if we let go of our magic and a Carte Blanche treatment was agreed and booked in. With such a treatment, we book the car very spacious in terms of place / time in our workshop and after a visual inspection after the cleaning steps, we can make a good cost estimate and discuss this with the customer in various options. With such cars, especially if they have aged a bit, one is not the other and the work can be disappointing or disappointing. Besides that, the wishes in completeness and perfection also play an enormous role. That is all a bit of customization that does not always fit well in predefined turns or pricing. In this report, we take you, beyond the normal and known steps in the cleaning and correction phase, into the critical assessment of a car and what else it takes to make it a winner. This report is somewhat more succinct here, but for the full report we would like to refer you to our Facebook page. This is how the car reached us: In the time of the hubcaps, the protocol was to do the wheels with the little leftover water after washing ..... èèèèh (just remember the sound of such an annoying buzzer) WRONG! Our protocol is to always clean the wheels, wheel arches and brake calipers with separate buckets and accessories and then clean the rest of the car with clean material. The rims are cleaned with an acid-free rim cleaner. You have to work it in and brush it effectively, in short, it requires a bit more work, but on the other hand it is completely safe for your painted wheels and there is no chance of chafing or sticking brakes. Any baked-on brake dust is then removed with a de-ironizer and adhered tar / rubber with a tar remover. The belts are cleaned with an All Purpose Cleaner. Besides the fact that discolored brown tires become clean again, this is also a step that ensures that a tire dressing is absorbed better. Better retraction is more time for nutrition and less (read: with water-based dressings and the correct processing method no) chance of "sling". So it is a matter of the tire dressing remaining neatly on your tire and not flying in all directions while driving and soiling your skylight. All vulnerable items such as the soft and smooth rubbers are always taped before the correction phase. Cars from this time were painted a bit thicker than today's cars. Besides a bit of improvement in technology / automation, especially a cost-related something. Nowadays it all has to be cheaper and a few microns less per car saves money at the end of the production year. After doing some research we could say that these cars were new around 130 - 140 microns (total paint thickness). At this stage we pulse the car all around with a fairly simple paint meter. This works quickly but accurately so that we have a good idea of ​​the paint thickness all around with half an hour. The disadvantage is that it measures the complete paint thickness, so the primer, color paint and varnish layer in one number. You can only correct in the top coat. Logical, because if you corrected in the color lacquer it would mean that you have to go through the varnish layer. The most important thing for us is how thick ONLY the varnish layer is. At a later stage we measure panel by panel which we are working on with a separate lacquer meter that can measure the different loose layers. This way we can correct and work very safely. In contrast to this meter, it is very sensitive, it has to be on the laptop etc etc ..... quite cumbersome, but useful to exclude risks as much as possible. We make various points for each panel to pulse. On an average door, for example, these are four to five rows of packs of four to five pulses per row. This gives you a good idea of ​​what is going on. During the age, a paint always thins a bit. This is due to weathering, wear and, for example, polishing. An 18-year-old car, and certainly a black paint that usually shows more defects than a light color, has certainly been polished a few times. Lying parts such as the roof and hood usually suffer a lot more from UV radiation and friction (think of wind with dust / sand shaving over your paint under considerable pressure) than the vertical parts. We see that, except for the head of the car, the paint all around is still in the original paint. Per panel, however, values ​​where the paint has become thinner due to the aforementioned matters. We have global values ​​from 80 microns to 140 microns per panel. We will continue with the correction phase of this treatment. We have seen that we have various thicknesses per panel. In such a variable case, we should assume the least value per panel. After all, if we set our mind to zero and just get started, we will go wrong with the results on the thicker paint in the spots on the same panel where it is thinner. And locally can go coarser in certain cases, but given the totality of the defects around in this simply cannot be done. We were able to propose three treatment methods to the customer: - With this explanation, choose to respect the old paint layer with various polishing methods, coarseness and repetitions and thereby offer an overall correction of 80 - 85% - To fill in some deeper imperfections locally, sanding to provide an additional 5% correction for deeper imperfections. This would immediately mean a lot more work. - Matt the panels from seam to seam with sanding. In addition to the scratches, you have to take into account that the structure also changes. So you can't sand one door from seam to seam and the rest can't. That panel becomes smoother / tighter, less amplitude in the varnish, better reflection of the light and therefore more intense than the rest of the surrounding parts. In Jip & Janneke language: despite the same lacquer, the lacquer therefore looks darker than the non-sanded parts. Plus, we were not able to solve certain things 100% with this method (think of the filler story) and some imperfections were simply through the varnish layer. And, last but not least, the big risk. Fortunately, the customer is also realistic and understood the story. Given the originality of the car and the realism that we still had to deal with a car of 18 years old, the first option seemed the best to him. He was still a bit unsure whether the optional glass coating was perhaps something he wanted. And well, a commercial side that would be very easy to buy with a few hundred euros extra turnover for us, but firstly we do not personally put together, secondly we always want to do business openly and honestly with a view to long-term relationship and thirdly, the customer would simply not be best helped. The paint is originally very hard, the car will not suffer much and except for a few weeks a year it is always nice inside. A beautiful natural finish on a carnauba basis suits this much better and also saves a lot in costs. Well, after having made several test spots, we came to the conclusion that it was necessary to work fairly coarsely and with a lot of heat. We needed that heat to get into the varnish in the first place, but, because of the small thickness, it was very careful not to go through it. The rotary polisher quickly brought heat and power, but was quite uncontrollable and difficult to dose. The eccentric Rupes was much safer in that respect, however it simply did not generate enough heat to really correct effectively. That took a very long time and where this machine was designed to "let the machine do the work", so little pressure, etc., was so necessary that pressure to achieve good friction. We got the best result with the eccentric Krauss. We could really put a lot of pressure on that without affecting the turning. In this way we have done 3 compound phases per panel with a coarse structure pad and a coarse polishing agent. That does not go without a struggle and an unbelievable pile of dust caused by the breakdown of the grains and the wear of the polishing pads. The following series of photos successively shows the situation before and after our correction: After each phase, we clean the treated part and free of dust for proper assessment. Then we wipe it off with pure isopropyl alcohol to remove any remaining polish that may mask. We always work with water-based products. "What you see is what you get". However, many polishes are petroleum based and mask more than they correct. Of course, this works much faster with fast cleaning, but it is less fair and not as it should be. After the rough steps, the car is completely washed again. The workshop is also vacuumed and mopped again. Besides the fact that we cannot use unnecessary dust in the final finishing, a clean environment works ten times better. Despite the fact that much more refinement is needed, we already see a beautiful deep shine with accompanying reflection. All this without gloss enhancers, fillers and finishes that make the paint more beautiful than it actually is. We go back to the base and build from there to a nice finish. This gives you maximum results and durability. After the car has been fully massaged with the Swissvax Concorso, the entire interior has been treated and all other details have been checked, it was time to view the complete result. First a few pictures in our workshop and then in the bright low sun. The entire interior was also cleaned and fed. The carbon parts were nicely finished with a wax. We see again a nice smooth matt leather interior as it should be. «Overview» Custom Car CleaningHeerenstraat 2, 6114 RN Susteren + 31 (0) 6 - 55 82 72 89info@customcarcleaning.nl KVK: (NL) 14.103.658 VAT: (NL) 001.836.698.B46IBAN: NL38RABO0126339058 FacebookYouTubeInstagram © 2008 - 2020 Custom Car Cleaning DisclaimerPrivacyContact Custom Car Cleaning is powered by GraphX ​​CMS HomeWebshopMethodsOfferF.AQReportsGalleryAbout UsContact € 0.00 0