Stone chip repair on the car at ChipsAway >> 28x in Austria MENUMENUHomeStandorte 1120 Vienna 1220 Vienna2620 Wiener Neustadt - Ternitz3100 St. Pölten3304 Amstetten4040 Linz Urfahr4053 Haid4060 Leonding4070 Eferding4400 Steyr 4600 Wels 4810 Gmunden4850 Timelkam4963 St. Peter am Salzburg, Alpenstr. 5020 .5400 Hallein6020 Innsbruck6900 Bregenz7000 Eisenstadt 7100 Neusiedl am See 8020 Graz9020 Klagenfurt 1, Südring 3329020 Klagenfurt 2, Südring 3629020 Klagenfurt 3, St. Veiter Str. 9300 St. Veit ad Glan9400 Wolfsberg9500 Villach9800 Spittal a.d. Drau9990 Lienz -Debant Our services Paint damage Scratches Sheet metal damage Hail damage Smart Repair Windows Stone chips Window replacement Aluminum wheels Repair Dents Interior damage Paint the car Advisor Close search Stone chips repair at ChipsAway The ChipsAway method: Advantages of the repair costs Insurance duration of the repair The ChipsAway method: Advantages of the repair costs Insurance duration of the repair Stone chips on the car is not uncommon. A small stone is quickly whirled up from the floor, leaving marks on the windshield. ChipsAway is the specialist for stone chip repair in Austria. Our experienced technicians work quickly, cheaply and reliably - and stone chips are history. Workshop in your area Find a workshop in your area: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Location Cost estimate in advance Send a photo of the damage and get a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Find a cost estimate Send a photo of the damage in advance and receive a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Contact us Do you have any questions? We are happy to help! Contact us Expert tip: As soon as a stone chip appears on the windshield, it slowly begins to expand. Repair with filler resin is only possible if the pane has not yet torn. Acting quickly saves you money! Why you are right at ChipsAway Fast repair within a few hours Top quality Professional repairs with the most innovative technologies up to 50% cheaper thanks to the ChipsAway method Direct settlement with your insurance company No cost risk Free cost estimate Save deductible in advance Ask about your deductible reduction Our locations 1120 Vienna 1220 Vienna 2620 Wiener Neustadt Ternitz 3304 Amstetten 4040 Linz Urfahr 4053 Haid 4060 Linz Leonding 4070 Eferding 4400 Steyr 4600 Wels 4810 Gmunden 4850 Timelkam 4943 St. Peter am Hart / Braunau 5020 Salzburg, Alpenstr. 5020 Salzburg, Landstr. 5400 Hallein 6020 Innsbruck 7100 Neusiedl am See 9020 Klagenfurt 1, Südring 332 9020 Klagenfurt 2, Südring 362 9020 Klagenfurt, St. Veiter Staße 9300 St. Veit an der Glan 9400 Wolfsberg 9500 Villach 9800 Spittal a.d. Drau 9900 Lienz / Debant And this is how it works A stone chip repair process First we drill the stone chip slightly. This gives the filler resin better hold and thus leads to a better repair result. Now we clean the affected area of ​​your car and remove dirt from the rockfall. The resin hardens under slight pressure. We now detach the attachment and apply the so-called finish resin. To prevent the resin from leaking, we glue on a film. We accelerate the drying with a special lamp …… and polish the repair site with a polishing tool. Finally, we clean the window again - the stone chip repair on your car is now complete. Previous Next Compare ChipsAway yourself to repair stone chips in no time. Convince yourself by the direct before / after comparison. Costs No cost risk If the costs for repairing the stone chips on the windshield are not covered by the insurance anyway, we usually offer fixed prices for the repair of stone chips. Find out about the costs at your nearest ChipsAway location and pay when you pick up your car. In addition to cash payment and payment with an ATM card, payment with a credit card is also possible (Visa or Mastercard). Expert tip: Apply a stone chip plaster to the affected area of ​​your car immediately after the rockfall occurs. This protects the damage from dirt and moisture and enables residue-free repair. Insurance Comprehensive insurance generally covers the cost of repairing stone chips without a deductible. The best thing to do in this regard is to contact your insurance company directly. Expert tip: Stone chips in the driver's field of vision must never be repaired with resin. Here, a pane replacement would be necessary to meet the requirements of §57a inspection (pickerl). Fast and reliable. The repair time of a stone chip usually only takes an hour and you can come to us without prior notice. Contact your ChipsAway customer service representative at your branch for more information. Quality is important to us Our technicians are well trained and experienced in dealing with glass damage and changing windows on the car. A quality control is carried out after each repair. If the stone chip cannot be repaired and there is therefore a need to replace the pane, this will only be done after consultation with you. We are proud of our high quality and receive positive customer feedback on an ongoing basis. Peteraus Oberösterreich Read more Steinschlag was repaired immediately without an appointment. Competent and courteous service. Marieaus Oberösterreich Read more Stone chips repaired in Vienna, rear window replaced in Wels. The car repair was quickly done at both locations. Could pick up the car on the same day in both cases. Great service, gladly again! Bogdanaus Kärnten Read more Absolutely recommendable. Was with a small stone chip on the windshield Friday afternoon in the ChipsAway workshop. The friendly adviser immediately took the time to look at my car. The damage was quickly repaired with resin. Top! If I have a major car damage, I know where to go !! Previous Next Warranty With us you have full warranty rights. Every damage is documented with photos. After the repair is complete, your customer service advisor will assess your vehicle together with you. Workshop in your area Find a workshop in your area: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Location Cost estimate in advance Send a photo of the damage and get a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Find a cost estimate Send a photo of the damage in advance and receive a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Contact us Do you have any questions? We are happy to help! Contact us The most important questions about stone chip repairs on the car What can I do if the stone chips on the car? As soon as a stone chip falls on the windshield, it slowly begins to expand. Repair with filler resin is only possible if the pane has not yet torn. Acting quickly saves you money. A timely repair may also be recommended to secure insurance claims. It is best to get a non-binding quote from ChipsAway right away. How much does it cost to repair a stone chip on the car? We generally offer fixed prices for the repair of stone chips. Simply visit one of our 28 locations throughout Austria and get advice without obligation. How long does a stone chip repair take? Repairing a stone chip usually only takes an hour and you can come to ChipsAway without prior notice at one of our 28 locations. For more information, please contact your ChipsAway customer advisor on site. Find the nearest location in your area. Does the stone chip insurance cover repairs? Comprehensive insurance usually covers the cost of repairing stone chips without a deductible. For more information, it is best to contact your insurance company right away (tip: have your policy number ready!). Your ChipsAway customer advisor will of course be happy to assist you. Arrange a personal appointment in the next branch. How does a stone chip repair work? The specific process of a stone chip repair primarily depends on the size of the damage. As a rule, the following steps are necessary: ​​Lightly drill the stone chip and remove dirt. Use a special attachment to fill the filling resin in the crater and let it dry. Apply finish resin and cover with foil. Resin harden and let dry . The company Philosophy Become a partner Imprint Data protection declaration Facebook-f Follow us on facebook Any questions? Find a workshop Request a cost estimate +43 5 9700 - 1000 caoffice@chipsaway.at This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. © 2020 ChipsAway Austria This website uses cookies. If you continue to use the website, we assume your consent.OKLearn more