Remove car scratches at ChipsAway - ChipsAway Austria MENUMENUHomeStandorte 1120 Vienna 1220 Vienna2620 Wiener Neustadt - Ternitz3100 St. Pölten3304 Amstetten4040 Linz Urfahr4053 Haid4060 Leonding4070 Eferding4400 Steyr 4600 Wels 4810 Gmunden4850 Timelkam4963 St. Peter am Hart / Alpenstr. 5020in Salzburg Innsbruck6900 Bregenz7000 Eisenstadt 7100 Neusiedl am See 8020 Graz9020 Klagenfurt 1, Südring 3329020 Klagenfurt 2, Südring 3629020 Klagenfurt 3, St. Veiter Str. 9300 St. Veit ad Glan9400 Wolfsberg9500 Villach9800 Spittal a.d. Drau9990 Lienz -Debant Our Services Paint Damage Scratches Sheet Damage Hail Damage Smart Repair Windows Stone Chip Window Exchange Aluminum Rims Repair Dents Interior Damage Car Paint Advice Close Search Remove Car Scratches at ChipsAway The ChipsAway Method: Advantages of the Repair Cost Insurance Duration of the Repair The ChipsAway Method: Advantages of the Repair Cost Insurance Duration of the Repair A scratch on the car is not uncommon. Whether on the rims or the bumper - scratches happen quickly and are annoying. No reason to panic. ChipsAway is a specialist in the field and repairs deep and superficial scratches quickly, cheaply and reliably. Your car is in the best hands with our highly qualified painting technicians. Workshop in your area Find a workshop in your area: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Location Cost estimate in advance Send a photo of the damage and get a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Find a cost estimate Send a photo of the damage in advance and receive a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Contact us Do you have any questions? We are happy to help! Contact us Expert tip: It is recommended to remove scratches in the paint as quickly as possible. An intact paint not only looks beautiful, it also protects the car from rust. Why you are right at ChipsAway Fast repair within a few hours Top quality Professional repairs with the most innovative technologies up to 50% cheaper thanks to the ChipsAway method Direct settlement with your insurance company No cost risk Free cost estimate Save deductible in advance Ask about your deductible reduction Our locations 1120 Vienna 1220 Vienna 2620 Wiener Neustadt Ternitz 3304 Amstetten 4040 Linz Urfahr 4053 Haid 4060 Linz Leonding 4070 Eferding 4400 Steyr 4600 Wels 4810 Gmunden 4850 Timelkam 4943 St. Peter am Hart / Braunau 5020 Salzburg, Alpenstr. 5020 Salzburg, Landstr. 5400 Hallein 6020 Innsbruck 7100 Neusiedl am See 9020 Klagenfurt 1, Südring 332 9020 Klagenfurt 2, Südring 362 9020 Klagenfurt, St. Veiter Staße 9300 St. Veit an der Glan 9400 Wolfsberg 9500 Villach 9800 Spittal a.d. Drau 9900 Lienz / Debant How it works Smart Repair In most cases, superficial scratches can also be repaired over a small area. One speaks in the context of Spot Repair or Smart Repair (Small Middle Area Repair Technology). Only the scratch and not the entire component is painted. This saves time, material, money and also protects the environment! The result of such a repair corresponds to the quality and appearance of a repainting. Process of a scratch repair First we clean the scratch with a silicone remover to remove grease residues. Then we grind the affected area, and if there are superficial scratches, we can do without the kitten. In the case of deep scratches, we apply a filling compound to the pre-sanded areas and dry them with infrared lamps. We sand the dry compound with sandpaper of different sizes and fineness to bring the damaged part back into shape. After cleaning and degreasing again we apply the so-called filler. This removes the last bumps and ensures optimal coverage of the paint. After another sanding and cleaning process, we prepare the damaged area for painting. Before that, our specialists read out the exact color code of the car and mix it with our own color mixing program and We then apply the basecoat in several layers to achieve optimal coverage. The paint has to dry in between, and finally we apply several coats of clear coat. This serves to protect the basecoat and gives the surface the desired gloss. Compare yourself ChipsAway repairs small and large scratches in no time. Convince yourself by the direct before / after comparison. Costs No cost risk The cost of removing the scratches on your car results from the amount of work and the material used. So essentially the price depends on the length and depth of the scratch. Dents that occur also affect the cost of the repair. We usually remove small surface scratches for less than € 100. Deep scratches can be more expensive. You can get more information from an assessment by your customer service advisor. Payment is made when the car is picked up. In addition to cash payment and payment with an ATM card, payment with a credit card is also possible (Visa or Mastercard). Expert tip: If the clear coat is only slightly damaged by a small scratch, it is not necessary to carry out a full paint repair. In this case, the scratches can usually be polished out. As a result, the costs are lower. Insurance In the event of third party negligence, the third party liability insurance covers the costs of removing the scratches. If you have comprehensive insurance, this covers the repair of the scratches, even if you caused them yourself. However, some insurance companies agree a deductible. It is best to inform yourself directly about this with your policy number. Expert tip: Talk to our customer advisors about the possibility of a deductible reduction. Fast and reliable Duration of repairs The duration of work is generally limited to one working day. If the removal of the scratch on your car is handled by the insurance company, it must usually be assessed in advance. As soon as you give us the order to repair it, we will contact your insurance immediately. You need to worry about anything! Unfortunately, we cannot influence the time until the expert assesses the damage. Usually, however, this takes place within a few working days. It is not necessary to make an appointment for an initial inspection. For more information, contact your ChipsAway customer service representative at your branch. Quality is important to us Our technicians are trained and experienced painters. A quality control is carried out after each repair. If there is a need to replace auto parts, this will only be done after prior consultation with you. We always use original spare parts. We are proud of our high quality and receive positive customer feedback on an ongoing basis. Lisaaus Oberösterreich Read more Have a dent and several scratches repaired or painted and I am very satisfied. Can I definitely recommend!!! Thanks a lot. Nicolaeaus Kärnten Read more The ChipsAway team is great. My friend made huge scratches in her 4er Golf when entering the garage. Quick appointment, to ChipsAway, no trace of the strips on the same day. Did a great job too! Karinaus Oberösterreich Read more I had a scratch repaired for my car at ChipsAway (also because of the support with the comprehensive insurance) and the result is very satisfactory. Previous Next Warranty Of course you have full warranty rights with us. The damage is documented with photos. After the repair is complete, your customer service consultant will assess the vehicle with you. Workshop in your area Find a workshop in your area: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Location Cost estimate in advance Send a photo of the damage and get a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Find a cost estimate Send a photo of the damage in advance and receive a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Contact us Do you have any questions? We are happy to help! Contact us The most important questions about removing car scratches What can I do if my car is scratched? If there is a scratch in the paint, it is worth repairing it quickly. The quick removal of scratches is important not only because of the appearance and the possible risk of corrosion. A timely repair may also be recommended to secure insurance claims. It is best to get a non-binding quote from ChipsAway right away. How much does it cost to remove car scratches? Basically, the price for removing car scratches depends on the material used and the time required. The costs depend very much on the size and type of damage. The removal of small superficial scratches at ChipsAway starts at € 80. Simply visit one of our 28 locations throughout Austria and get advice without obligation. How long does it take to remove a scratch on the car? The repair itself usually takes one to two working days. If your damage is settled via the insurance company, the expert's assessment time is usually added. For more information, please contact your ChipsAway customer advisor on site. Find the nearest location in your area. Does the insurance cover scratch repairs? Insurance companies usually pay for the removal of scratches. Whether your specific claim is covered always depends on the insurance company. For more information, it is best to contact your insurance company right away (tip: have your policy number ready!). Your ChipsAway customer advisor will of course be happy to assist you. Arrange a personal appointment in the next branch. How does car scratch removal work? The specific procedure for a scratch repair primarily depends on the size of the damage and the damaged vehicle part. As a rule, the following steps are necessary: ​​Clean and sand the scratch. If there are deep scratches, apply filling compound to the affected area. Sand dry mass into shape. Apply and prime the filler, then sand and clean again. Apply base coat in several layers. Clear varnish ensures better Protection and shine. What does Smart Repair cost for scratches? If a scratch can be removed from the car using Smart Repair, the repair is generally cheaper than with large-scale repair methods. The costs usually start at around € 80. ChipsAway is the worldwide No. 1 in the Smart Repair method and repairs small car damage quickly, cheaply and professionally. The company Philosophy Become a partner Imprint Data protection declaration Facebook-f Follow us on facebook Any questions? Find a workshop Request a cost estimate +43 5 9700 - 1000 caoffice@chipsaway.at This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. © 2020 ChipsAway Austria This website uses cookies. If you continue to use the website, we assume your consent.OKLearn more