Dents repair on the car at ChipsAway >> 28x in Austria MENUMENUHomeStandorte 1120 Vienna 1220 Vienna2620 Wiener Neustadt - Ternitz3100 St. Pölten3304 Amstetten4040 Linz Urfahr4053 Haid4060 Leonding4070 Eferding4400 Steyr 4600 Wels 4810 Gmunden4850 Timelkam4963 St. Peter am Salzburg, Alpenstr. 5020 .5400 Hallein6020 Innsbruck6900 Bregenz7000 Eisenstadt 7100 Neusiedl am See 8020 Graz9020 Klagenfurt 1, Südring 3329020 Klagenfurt 2, Südring 3629020 Klagenfurt 3, St. Veiter Str. 9300 St. Veit ad Glan9400 Wolfsberg9500 Villach9800 Spittal a.d. Drau9990 Lienz -Debant Our services Paint damage Scratches Sheet metal damage Hail damage Smart Repair Windows Stone chips Window replacement Aluminum wheels Repair Dents Interior damage Car painting Advice Search Close dent repair on the car The ChipsAway method: Advantages of the repair costs Insurance duration of the repair The ChipsAway method: Benefits of the repair costs Insurance duration of the repair you have discovered a dent on the door or hood of your car? Who does not know that. No reason to panic. ChipsAway removes and repairs dents of all kinds quickly, reliably, professionally and at fair prices. Visit one of our 28 locations throughout Austria. Workshop in your area Find a workshop in your area: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Location Cost estimate in advance Send a photo of the damage and get a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Find a cost estimate Send a photo of the damage in advance and receive a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Contact us Do you have any questions? We are happy to help! Contact us Expert tip: Dents on the car do not look nice and at the same time reduce the resale value. Repairs are also worthwhile for older cars! Why you are right at ChipsAway Fast repair within a few hours Top quality Professional repairs with the most innovative technologies up to 50% cheaper thanks to the ChipsAway method Direct settlement with your insurance company No cost risk Free cost estimate Save deductible in advance Ask about your deductible reduction Our locations 1120 Vienna 1220 Vienna 2620 Wiener Neustadt Ternitz 3304 Amstetten 4040 Linz Urfahr 4053 Haid 4060 Linz Leonding 4070 Eferding 4400 Steyr 4600 Wels 4810 Gmunden 4850 Timelkam 4943 St. Peter am Hart / Braunau 5020 Salzburg, Alpenstr. 5020 Salzburg, Landstr. 5400 Hallein 6020 Innsbruck 7100 Neusiedl am See 9020 Klagenfurt 1, Südring 332 9020 Klagenfurt 2, Südring 362 9020 Klagenfurt, St. Veiter Staße 9300 St. Veit an der Glan 9400 Wolfsberg 9500 Villach 9800 Spittal a.d. Drau 9900 Lienz / Debant How it works A dent repair process At ChipsAway, our specially trained dent technicians take care of removing and repairing the dents on your car. Only if the paint is also damaged is the paint applied. First, the dent is assessed jointly. Depending on the size and component, we create a fair estimate, in most cases we gently massage or push the dents out of the inside of your car. Alternatively, these can also be pulled out from the outside with a special adhesive. With this special technique, the paint on your vehicle will not be damaged! Painting is only necessary if your car has additional paint damage. After the repair, a quality check is carried out using special lamps. Compare ChipsAway yourself to repair dents in no time. Convince yourself by the direct before / after comparison. Costs No cost risk The cost of repairing dents depends on various factors, such as the diameter or depth of the dent. The position of the dent - whether for example a bumper, bonnet or fender - also plays a role. A small dent without paint damage could be removed from just € 70. We will be happy to prepare a personal offer for you after assessing the damage. Payment is made when the car is picked up. In addition to cash payment and payment with an ATM card, payment with a credit card is also possible (Visa or Mastercard). Expert tip: If the paint is not damaged and the car does not need to be painted, the price is much cheaper. Insurance If you have comprehensive insurance, you can sit back and relax. As a rule, the removal or removal of the auto dents is covered by this. We arrange a viewing appointment for free with an expert from your insurance company and take over the entire coordination - from processing with the insurance company to repairs. However, some insurance companies agree a deductible. For small dents, the deductible can sometimes be greater than the effective cost of removing the dents. In this case, processing via the insurance is not necessary. You can get more information directly from your insurance company. If you do not have comprehensive insurance, we will be happy to make you a fair offer. Expert tip: Talk to our customer advisors about the possibility of a deductible reduction. Fast and reliable Duration of repairs Dents are usually dented within one working day, provided that no painting is required. If the insurance is processed, the damage must be assessed and approved in advance by an expert. We cannot influence this time. As soon as you order the repair from us, we will contact your insurance immediately. Make an appointment with the ChipsAway customer advisor in your branch to avoid unnecessary waiting times. Quality is important to us Our employees are professionally trained and experienced dent professionals. If there is a need to completely replace individual auto parts, we always use new spare parts. We are proud of our high quality and receive positive customer feedback on a regular basis. Of course, our ChipAway quality promise also applies to repairs of dents: as part of the follow-up inspection, we check all repairs with a special lamp. Ömeraus Wien Read more Had two relatively large dents in the tailgate of my Audi TT. I got an offer from various car dealers. After that I went to ChipsAway on the recommendation of a friend. Here I paid far less than half and the result is impressive. There are real magicians at work! Thanks, really really clean work. Lisaaus Oberösterreich Read more Have a dent and several scratches repaired or painted and I am very satisfied. Can I definitely recommend!!! Thanks a lot. Clemensaus Niederösterreich Read more I had my hood repaired at ChipsAway. I had a dent in a chestnut tree: just ugly. The repairs at ChipsAway cost € 80 and you can't see that anything has been repaired. Before each repair, we document the damage with photos. After removing the dents, the site manager will assess the vehicle together with you. We guarantee our statutory warranty rights on all our repairs. Come for a free visit. It is not necessary to make an appointment. Workshop in your area Find a workshop in your area: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Location Cost estimate in advance Send a photo of the damage and get a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Find a cost estimate Send a photo of the damage in advance and receive a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Contact us Do you have any questions? We are happy to help! Contact us The most important questions about dent repairs What can I do if there are dents on the car? If you have dents on the car, it is worth repairs quickly. Dents on the car do not look nice and at the same time reduce the resale value. Repairs are also worthwhile for older cars. It is best to get a non-binding quote from ChipsAway right away. How much does denting dents on the car cost? The cost of repairing dents depends on various factors, such as the diameter, depth or position of the dent. It is also decisive for the price whether the paint was damaged as part of the damage. The removal of small dents without paint damage starts at ChipsAway at € 70. Simply visit one of our 28 locations throughout Austria and get advice without obligation. How long does it take to repair dents? Dents on the car are usually dented within one working day, unless painting is necessary. For more information, please contact your ChipsAway customer advisor on site. Find the nearest location in your area. Does the insurance company take care of repairs? Comprehensive insurance usually covers the removal or removal of car models. However, some insurance companies agree a deductible. In the case of dents, this can often be even greater than the effective costs for repairing the dents. In these cases, processing through insurance is not sensible. Your ChipsAway customer advisor will of course be happy to assist you with the processing. Arrange a personal appointment in the next branch. How does dent denting work? The specific procedure for a dent repair primarily depends on the size and depth of the dent as well as the damaged vehicle part. If the paint is not damaged, the following steps are necessary: ​​Gently massage the dent from the inside or pull it out from the outside with a special adhesive. If additional paint damage is required, painting is necessary. Quality control with special lamps. The company Philosophy Become a partner Imprint Data protection declaration Facebook-f Follow us on facebook Any questions? Find a workshop Request a cost estimate +43 5 9700 - 1000 caoffice@chipsaway.at This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. © 2020 ChipsAway Austria This website uses cookies. If you continue to use the website, we assume your consent.OKLearn more