Paint damage repair: fast and inexpensive at ChipsAway MENUMENUHomeLocation 1120 Vienna 1220 Vienna2620 Wiener Neustadt - Ternitz3100 St. Pölten3304 Amstetten4040 Linz Urfahr4053 Haid4060 Leonding4070 Eferding4400 Steyr 4600 Wels 4810 Gmunden4850 Timelkam4963 St. Peter am Salzburg, Alpenstr. 50400 Hallein6020 Innsbruck6900 Bregenz7000 Eisenstadt 7100 Neusiedl am See 8020 Graz9020 Klagenfurt 1, Südring 3329020 Klagenfurt 2, Südring 3629020 Klagenfurt 3, St. Veiter Str. 9300 St. Veit ad Glan9400 Wolfsberg9500 Villach9800 Spittal a.d. Drau9990 Lienz -Debant Our Services Paint Damage Scratches Tin Damage Hail Damage Smart Repair Windows Stone Chip Window Exchange Aluminum Rims Repair Dents Interior Damage Car Paint Advice Search Close Paint Damage on the Car Repair The ChipsAway Method: Advantages of the Repair Cost Insurance Duration of the Repair The ChipsAway Method: Advantages of the Repair Cost Insurance Duration of the Repair One time not paying attention and it happened: a paint damage to the car, annoying and expensive. This need not be! ChipsAway is the paint repair specialist in Austria and repairs small and large damages quickly and cheaply. With our highly qualified painting technicians you are in the best hands. Workshop in your area Find a workshop in your area: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Location Cost estimate in advance Send a photo of the damage and get a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Find a cost estimate Send a photo of the damage in advance and receive a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Contact us Do you have any questions? We are happy to help! Contact us Expert tip: We recommend a quick repair of the paint damage. In addition to the look, an intact paint is important to protect the car from rust. Why you are right at ChipsAway Fast repair within a few hours Top quality Professional repairs with the most innovative technologies up to 50% cheaper thanks to the ChipsAway method Direct settlement with your insurance company No cost risk Free cost estimate Save deductible in advance Ask about your deductible reduction Our locations 1120 Vienna 1220 Vienna 2620 Wiener Neustadt Ternitz 3304 Amstetten 4040 Linz Urfahr 4053 Haid 4060 Linz Leonding 4070 Eferding 4400 Steyr 4600 Wels 4810 Gmunden 4850 Timelkam 4943 St. Peter am Hart / Braunau 5020 Salzburg, Alpenstr. 5020 Salzburg, Landstr. 5400 Hallein 6020 Innsbruck 7100 Neusiedl am See 9020 Klagenfurt 1, Südring 332 9020 Klagenfurt 2, Südring 362 9020 Klagenfurt, St. Veiter Staße 9300 St. Veit an der Glan 9400 Wolfsberg 9500 Villach 9800 Spittal a.d. Drau 9900 Lienz / Debant How it works Assessment When repairing paint damage, we first check whether body parts need to be replaced or whether a small-area repair of the paint damage (spot repair) is possible. After a joint inspection with your customer service advisor, a decision will be made as to how the repair should be carried out on your vehicle. Replacing body parts If, for example, the plastic bumper is broken, a complete replacement is necessary for a decent result. The old vehicle part is removed, the new part is painted and professionally assembled. Spot Repair Smaller damages (e.g. on the paint) can be repaired on a small area. One speaks therefore of Spot or Smart Repair (Small Middle Area Repair Technology). Only the scratch and not the entire component is painted. This saves time, material, money and also protects the environment! The result of such a repair corresponds in quality and appearance to the results of a repainting. Process of a paint damage repair First, the repair site is cleaned with a silicone remover to remove grease residues. The affected area is then sanded down and the kitten can be dispensed with in the event of minor damage. In the case of major damage, filler compound is applied evenly to the pre-sanded areas. The dry compound is coarsely and finely sanded with sandpaper of different grain sizes to bring the damaged part of the body back into the correct shape. After cleaning and degreasing again, a so-called filler is applied. This is to remove the last bumps and ensures optimal coverage of the paint. After a further grinding and cleaning process, the car is prepared for painting. Before painting, the color code of the car is read out. The paint is mixed in the right shade using a color mixing program and a special balance. The basecoat is applied in several layers to achieve optimum coverage. The varnish has to dry in between, and at the end of the process the clear varnish is also applied in several layers. This serves to protect the basecoat and gives the surface the desired gloss. The result is convincing - the damage is remedied. Back Continue Compare yourself ChipsAway repairs small and large paint damage in no time. Convince yourself by the direct before / after comparison. Costs No cost risk The repair costs are calculated from the workload and the material. The size and intensity of the damage and the affected area are the most important factors. If the component is also pressed in, the vehicle must first be dented. Very small superficial damages can sometimes be repaired for less than € 100. Larger damages usually start from € 250. As part of the tour, you will receive a free estimate from your customer service representative before performing the repair. Payment is made when the car is picked up. In addition to cash payment and payment with an ATM card, payment with a credit card is also possible (Visa or Mastercard). Expert tip: If only the clear coat is slightly damaged by a small scratch, no conventional paint repair needs to be carried out. This enables repairs to be carried out very cheaply. Insurance In the case of paint damage caused by third parties, the liability insurance of the person responsible covers the costs. If you have comprehensive insurance, the cost of repairing your paint damage will usually be borne regardless of who is responsible. However, a deductible is sometimes agreed. The best thing to do with your policy number is to contact your insurance company directly. Expert tip: Talk to our customer advisors about the possibility of a deductible reduction. Fast and reliable Duration of the repair The repair time is usually one to two working days, depending on the extent of the damage. If your damage is settled through the insurance company, it must in many cases be assessed in advance. As soon as you place an order for the repair, we will contact your insurance company immediately. You need to worry about anything! Unfortunately we cannot influence the time until the paint damage is assessed by the expert. Normally, however, this takes place within one to two working days. It is not necessary to make an appointment for an initial inspection. Please contact your ChipsAway customer service representative at your branch for more information on dates and repair times. Quality is important to us Our technicians are trained and experienced painters. A quality control is carried out after each repair. If there is a need to replace auto parts, this will only be done after prior consultation with you. We always use original spare parts. We are proud of our high quality and receive positive customer feedback on an ongoing basis. Robertaus Niederösterreich Read more Friendly contact. Fast and affordable service. Honest advice. No unnecessary painting work was talked into me. Gladly again! Sabrinaaus Kärnten Read more I came to ChipsAway with a little paint problem on my brand new car. One of the technicians immediately took his time, helped me free of charge and answered my questions in detail. Even though everyone had enough to do. Deanaus Wien Read more Outstanding service and the best quality paint repairs! Recommendable! Previous Next Warranty Of course you have full warranty rights with us. The damage is documented with photos. After the repair is complete, your customer service consultant will assess the vehicle with you. Workshop in your area Find a workshop in your area: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Location Cost estimate in advance Send a photo of the damage and get a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Find a cost estimate Send a photo of the damage in advance and receive a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Contact us Do you have any questions? We are happy to help! Contact us The most important questions about paint damage repairs What can I do if my car has paint damage? If you have paint damage to your car, it is worth repairing it quickly. The quick repair of paint damage is important not only because of the appearance and the possible risk of corrosion. A timely repair may also be recommended to secure insurance claims. It is best to get a non-binding quote from ChipsAway right away. How much does it cost to repair paint damage to the car? Basically, the price for the repair of paint damage depends on the material used and the time required. The costs also depend very much on the size and type of damage. At ChipAway, the removal of small superficial damages starts at € 80. Simply visit one of our 28 locations throughout Austria and get advice without obligation. How long does a paint damage repair take? The repair itself usually only takes one to two working days. If your damage is settled via the insurance company, the expert's assessment time is usually added. For more information, please contact your ChipsAway customer advisor on site. Find the nearest location in your area. Does the insurance cover paint damage repairs? Insurance companies usually pay for the repair of paint damage. Whether your specific claim is covered always depends on the insurance company. For more information, it is best to contact your insurance company right away (tip: have your policy number ready!). Your ChipsAway customer advisor will of course be happy to assist you. Arrange a personal appointment in the next branch. How does a paint damage repair work? The specific process of a paint damage repair primarily depends on the size of the damage and the damaged vehicle part. Roughly outlined, the following steps are usually necessary: ​​Clean and sand the affected area.If there is major damage, apply filler to the sanded area.As soon as the filler is dry, sand the damaged body into shape.After cleaning again, apply filler for optimum coverage of the paint.Base varnish in several Apply layers of clear varnish for better protection and shine. What does it cost to have a fender painted? The price for the painting of a fender cannot be given as a flat rate. A complete repainting of the fender including assembly starts at around € 300. Depending on the individual case, the costs can also be lower. Send us a photo of the damage and you will receive a first non-binding cost estimate. The company Philosophy Become a partner Imprint Data protection declaration Facebook-f Follow us on facebook Any questions? Find a workshop Request a cost estimate +43 5 9700 - 1000 caoffice@chipsaway.at This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. © 2020 ChipsAway Austria This website uses cookies. If you continue to use the website, we assume your consent.OKLearn more