Exchange windshield at ChipsAway >> 28x in Austria MENUMENUHomeLocation 1120 Vienna 1220 Vienna2620 Wiener Neustadt - Ternitz3100 St. Pölten3304 Amstetten4040 Linz Urfahr4053 Haid4060 Leonding4070 Eferding4400 Steyr 4600 Wels 4810 Gmunden4850 Timelkam4963 St. Peter am Salzburg, Alpenstr. 50400 Hallein6020 Innsbruck6900 Bregenz7000 Eisenstadt 7100 Neusiedl am See 8020 Graz9020 Klagenfurt 1, Südring 3329020 Klagenfurt 2, Südring 3629020 Klagenfurt 3, St. Veiter Str. 9300 St. Veit ad Glan9400 Wolfsberg9500 Villach9800 Spittal a.d. Drau9990 Lienz -Debant Our services Paint damage Scratches Sheet metal damage Hail damage Smart Repair Windows Stone chips Window replacement Aluminum wheels Repair Dents Interior damage Paint the car Advisor Close search Windshield: Exchange and repair The ChipsAway method: Advantages of the repair costs Insurance duration of the repair The ChipsAway method: Benefits of the repair costs Insurance duration of the repair The car's windshield ensures safety and visibility on the road. However, it can break or tear under heavy loads. ChipsAway is the auto glass specialist in Austria and exchanges and repairs windows quickly, professionally and cheaply. Workshop in your area Find a workshop in your area: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Location Cost estimate in advance Send a photo of the damage and get a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Find a cost estimate Send a photo of the damage in advance and receive a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Contact us Do you have any questions? We are happy to help! Contact us Expert tip: When replacing windows, the quality of the new windshield is all around. ChipsAway works exclusively with OEM quality discs. Why you are right at ChipsAway Fast repair within a few hours Top quality Professional repairs with the most innovative technologies up to 50% cheaper thanks to the ChipsAway method Direct settlement with your insurance company No cost risk Free cost estimate Save deductible in advance Ask about your deductible reduction Our locations 1120 Vienna 1220 Vienna 2620 Wiener Neustadt Ternitz 3304 Amstetten 4040 Linz Urfahr 4053 Haid 4060 Linz Leonding 4070 Eferding 4400 Steyr 4600 Wels 4810 Gmunden 4850 Timelkam 4943 St. Peter am Hart / Braunau 5020 Salzburg, Alpenstr. 5020 Salzburg, Landstr. 5400 Hallein 6020 Innsbruck 7100 Neusiedl am See 9020 Klagenfurt 1, Südring 332 9020 Klagenfurt 2, Südring 362 9020 Klagenfurt, St. Veiter Staße 9300 St. Veit an der Glan 9400 Wolfsberg 9500 Villach 9800 Spittal a.d. Drau 9900 Lienz / Debant And this is how it works A windshield repair is necessary A windshield replacement is necessary if it is broken or cracked and the windshield can no longer be repaired. First, we carefully disassemble the windshield wipers, rain sensor and covering panels on the car. We carefully remove the windshield from the frame with a special wire. The windshield can now be removed. After removing the old windshield, we remove the old adhesive. For an optimal hold of the glue, we clean the window with silicone remover and prepare it with hardener. Next we apply the new special adhesive to glue the windshield with it. We adapt the new window with suction cups to the millimeter Finally, we check the rain sensor. Previous Next Costs No cost risk The cost of replacing the windshield is made up of the price of the new windshield and the installation. Windshields are very different in the design of the manufacturers. Sensors and heating also have an impact on the cost of the windshield, which means that it can be very different. In addition - depending on the car and equipment - the time taken to dismantle the individual auto parts varies. Inquire about the specific costs at the nearest ChipsAway location near you. Payment is made when the car is picked up. In addition to cash payment and payment with an ATM card, payment with a credit card is also possible (Visa or Mastercard). Expert tip: Small glass damage caused by stone chips can usually be repaired easily and does not require a replacement of the glass. If the repair is not started in time, the windshield can tear. You can save money by acting quickly. Insurance If you have comprehensive insurance, this will usually cover the cost of replacing the glass. In some cases, however, there is an agreed deductible. The best thing to do in this regard is to contact your insurance company directly. Expert tip: Talk to our customer advisors about the possibility of a deductible reduction. Fast and reliable Duration of repairs The working hours are normally one working day. Add to that the delivery time of the windshield and the time for insurance processing. Whether an assessment is required depends on your insurance company. In order to avoid waiting times and to ensure quick processing, we recommend making an appointment with your ChipsAway branch. Contact your ChipsAway customer advisor for more information. Quality is important to us Our technicians are trained and extremely experienced in dealing with cracks in the windshield. You can only replace the discs in consultation with you. A quality control is carried out after each repair. Original spare parts are always installed. We are proud of our high quality and receive positive customer feedback on an ongoing basis. Tomasaus Kärnten Read more Unfortunately, a stone chip at the sun visor was noticed too late, which is why a crack has developed. Disk had to be replaced, but it worked great. Friendly and courteous service. Next time again with you! Zlatkoaus Oberösterreich Read more It's nice that there are still companies that like to do their work. As a customer you are carried on hands, everyone is friendly and in a good mood. Appointments are kept, so everything is fine. Thank you for this great service. Johannaaus Wien Read more Great service. My rear window was broken. I called early in the morning on Friday and actually got a finished new disc installed by evening. Thank you so much! Previous Next Warranty Of course you have full warranty rights with us. We document every damage with photos. After the windshield is replaced, your customer service advisor will assess the vehicle with you. Workshop in your area Find a workshop in your area: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Location Cost estimate in advance Send a photo of the damage and get a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Find a cost estimate Send a photo of the damage in advance and receive a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Contact us Do you have any questions? We are happy to help! Contact us The most important questions about replacing windshields How much does it cost to replace a windshield? The cost of replacing the windshield is made up of the price of the new windshield and the assembly. Windshields differ in the design of the manufacturers, which means that they have very different prices. Simply visit one of our 28 locations throughout Austria and get advice without obligation. How long does it take to repair a windshield? Windshield repairs typically work one working day. Add to that the delivery time of the windshield and the time for insurance processing. For more information, please contact your ChipsAway customer advisor on site. Find the nearest location in your area. Does the insurance company replace a windshield? If you have comprehensive insurance, this usually covers the cost of replacing the glass. In some cases, however, there is an agreed deductible. For more information, it is best to contact your insurance company right away (tip: have your policy number ready!). Your ChipsAway customer advisor will of course be happy to assist you. Arrange a personal appointment in the next branch. How do I replace a windshield? The following steps are necessary for roughly outlined windows: Dismantling sensors and windshield wipers. Detaching and removing the window from the frame. Cleaning the new window and applying window adhesive. Assembling the new window, as well as the sensors and windshield wipers. If necessary, calibrating the sensors. The company Philosophy Become a partner Imprint Data protection declaration Facebook-f Follow us on facebook Any questions? Find a workshop Request a cost estimate +43 5 9700 - 1000 caoffice@chipsaway.at This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. © 2020 ChipsAway Austria This website uses cookies. If you continue to use the website, we assume your consent.OKLearn more