Rims repair at ChipsAway >> 28x in Austria MENUMENUHomeStandorte 1120 Vienna 1220 Vienna2620 Wiener Neustadt - Ternitz3100 St. Pölten3304 Amstetten4040 Linz Urfahr4053 Haid4060 Leonding4070 Eferding4400 Steyr 4600 Wels 4810 Gmunden4850 Timelkam4963 St. Peter am Hart / Braunstr. 5020 Salzburg Hallein6020 Innsbruck6900 Bregenz7000 Eisenstadt 7100 Neusiedl am See 8020 Graz9020 Klagenfurt 1, Südring 3329020 Klagenfurt 2, Südring 3629020 Klagenfurt 3, St. Veiter Str. 9300 St. Veit ad Glan9400 Wolfsberg9500 Villach9800 Spittal a.d. Drau9990 Lienz -Debant Our services Paint damage Scratches Sheet metal damage Hail damage Smart Repair Windows Stone chips Window replacement Aluminum wheels Repair Dents Interior damage Car painting Advice Search Close rims Repair at ChipsAway The ChipsAway method: Advantages of the repair costs Insurance duration of the repair The ChipsAway method: Advantages of the repair costs Insurance duration of the repair Alloy wheels usually belong to the most striking special equipment of your car. But even the most careful driver can damage the rims on the curb. ChipsAway has the solution! Our professionals repair and paint rims quickly, professionally and cheaply. Workshop in your area Find a workshop in your area: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Location Cost estimate in advance Send a photo of the damage and get a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Find a cost estimate Send a photo of the damage in advance and receive a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Contact us Do you have any questions? We are happy to help! Contact us Expert tip: Damaged aluminum rims are visible at first glance and reduce the resale value. A repair of the rims is particularly recommended before a car sale. Why you are right at ChipsAway Fast repair within a few hours Top quality Professional repairs with the most innovative technologies up to 50% cheaper thanks to the ChipsAway method Direct settlement with your insurance company No cost risk Free cost estimate Save deductible in advance Ask about your deductible reduction Our locations 1120 Vienna 1220 Vienna 2620 Wiener Neustadt Ternitz 3304 Amstetten 4040 Linz Urfahr 4053 Haid 4060 Linz Leonding 4070 Eferding 4400 Steyr 4600 Wels 4810 Gmunden 4850 Timelkam 4943 St. Peter am Hart / Braunau 5020 Salzburg, Alpenstr. 5020 Salzburg, Landstr. 5400 Hallein 6020 Innsbruck 7100 Neusiedl am See 9020 Klagenfurt 1, Südring 332 9020 Klagenfurt 2, Südring 362 9020 Klagenfurt, St. Veiter Staße 9300 St. Veit an der Glan 9400 Wolfsberg 9500 Villach 9800 Spittal a.d. Drau 9900 Lienz / Debant And this is how it works Alloy wheel rims Spot repair Using the so-called spot repair or smart repair method, we paint small damage professionally without replacing the entire rim. Damaged rims usually have many edges, which are ideal for spot repairs. This not only protects the environment and materials, but also saves you time and money. The result of a smart repair corresponds in terms of quality and appearance to 100% repainting. We paint all common aluminum rims, with the exception of specially coated, high-sheen, polished, forged, chrome or magnesium rims. Sequence of an alloy wheel repair The repair of car rims basically corresponds to a paint repair: First we clean the repair site with a silicone remover to remove grease residues. We then grind the affected area. In the case of larger scratches or cracks, we apply a special filler to the pre-sanded area and dry it with infrared lamps After cleaning and degreasing again, we apply the so-called filler. This removes the last bumps and ensures optimal coverage of the paint. After another grinding and cleaning pass, we prepare the rim for painting. Before painting, we determine the exact color of the aluminum rim. With a color mixing program and a special balance, we mix the paint in the right color and apply the basecoat in several layers to achieve optimum coverage. We let the paint dry in between and then apply the clear coat - also in several layers. This serves to protect the base coat and gives the surface a nice shine. The repaired aluminum rim is again an ornament for your car. Previous Next Compare ChipsAway yourself to repair aluminum rims in no time at all. Convince yourself by the direct before / after comparison. Costs No cost risk The price for repairing aluminum rims results from the material and work involved. Depending on whether the rim is completely or only partially painted, rim repairs are possible from 60 €. Payment is made when the car is picked up. In addition to cash payment and payment with an ATM card, payment with a credit card is also possible (Visa or Mastercard). Expert tip: As part of the tour, you will receive a non-binding estimate before each repair. Insurance If you have comprehensive insurance, the cost of repairing and painting your rim will normally be covered by your insurance. However, insurance companies often agree a deductible. In many cases, this exceeds the repair costs. Expert tip: Talk to our customer advisors about the possibility of a deductible reduction. Fast and reliable Duration of the repair The working time is usually one working day. If the damage is handled by your insurance company, it must in many cases be assessed in advance. As soon as you place an order for the repair, we will contact your insurance company immediately. You need to worry about anything! Unfortunately we cannot influence the time until the assessment. Normally, however, this takes place within one to two working days. It is not necessary to make an appointment for an initial inspection. Please contact your ChipsAway customer service representative in your branch for more information on the dates and duration of the wheel repair. Quality is important to us Our technicians are exclusively trained and experienced painters. A quality control is carried out after each repair. We are proud of our high quality and receive positive customer feedback on an ongoing basis. Theodoraus Oberösterreich Read more Great work, fair price, friendly staff. Evaaus Kärnten Read more Great service. I was very well advised and the price-performance ratio for the rim repair was also right. Jensaus Wien Read more I had scratches and abrasions on my rims. I was well advised at ChipsAway, immediately received a quote (which was also kept!) And am absolutely satisfied with the result. Previous Next Warranty Of course you have full warranty rights with us. Every rim damage is documented with photos. After the repair is complete, your customer service consultant will assess the vehicle with you. Workshop in your area Find a workshop in your area: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Location Cost estimate in advance Send a photo of the damage and get a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Find a cost estimate Send a photo of the damage in advance and receive a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Contact us Do you have any questions? We are happy to help! Contact us The most important questions about rim repairs How much does it cost to repair aluminum rims on the car? Basically, the price for repairing aluminum rims depends on the material used and the amount of work. However, the costs also depend heavily on whether the rim is painted completely or only partially. Small rim repairs at ChipsAway start at just € 60. Simply visit one of our 28 locations throughout Austria and get advice without obligation. How much does it cost to paint rims? The cost of painting a rim depends on the design and size. If scratches or cracks have to be filled in the course of this, this also affects the price. A rough guide for a rim painting is 180 €. It is best to visit your nearest ChipsAway location for more information. How long does an alloy wheel repair take? The working time is usually one working day. If your damage is settled via the insurance company, the expert's assessment time is usually added. For more information, please contact your ChipsAway customer advisor on site. Find the nearest location in your area. Does the insurance take over aluminum wheel repairs? If you have comprehensive insurance, this may cover the cost of repairing your rim. However, insurance companies often agree a certain deductible, which in many cases exceeds the repair value. For more information, it is best to contact your insurance company right away (tip: have your policy number ready!). Your ChipsAway customer advisor will of course be happy to assist you. Arrange a personal appointment in the next branch. How does an alloy wheel repair work? The specific sequence of an alloy wheel repair primarily depends on the size of the damage. As a rule, the following work steps are necessary: ​​Clean and sand the affected area. In the event of major damage, apply filling compound and let it dry. Sand dry material and bring it into shape. Apply filler for better coverage of the paint. Sand and clean again. Apply base coat in several layers .Clear varnish gives more protection and shine. The company Philosophy Become a partner Imprint Data protection declaration Facebook-f Follow us on facebook Any questions? Find a workshop Request a cost estimate +43 5 9700 - 1000 caoffice@chipsaway.at This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. © 2020 ChipsAway Austria This website uses cookies. If you continue to use the website, we assume your consent.OKLearn more