ChipsAway car paint shop: paint your car cheaply and professionally MENUMENUHomeLocation 1120 Vienna 1220 Vienna2620 Wiener Neustadt - Ternitz3100 St. Pölten3304 Amstetten4040 Linz Urfahr4053 Haid4060 Leonding4070 Eferding4400 Steyr 4600 Wels 4810 Gmunden4850 Timelkam49au St.20 Salzburg, Land Salzburg Innsbruck6900 Bregenz7000 Eisenstadt 7100 Neusiedl am See 8020 Graz9020 Klagenfurt 1, Südring 3329020 Klagenfurt 2, Südring 3629020 Klagenfurt 3, St. Veiter Str. 9300 St. Veit ad Glan9400 Wolfsberg9500 Villach9800 Spittal a.d. Drau9990 Lienz -Debant Our Services Paint Damage Scratches Sheet Damage Hail Damage Smart Repair Windows Stone Chip Window Exchange Aluminum Rims Repair Dents Interior Damage Paint Your Car Advice Close Search Paint Your Car at ChipsAway: Quick and Reliable Workshop Near You Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Location Cost estimate in advance Photo from Send damage and receive a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Price content: Paint your own car? What makes a good painter? Complete painting or individual parts? What costs how much? Why go to ChipsAway? Are you damaged by accident or vandalism and are you looking for a paint shop? We paint your car cheaply and professionally. ChipsAway is your reliable partner for car painting throughout Austria. Whether insured or not, we are guaranteed to find the right solution. Painting a car yourself or at a professional? "Painting a car isn't so difficult, so why not just do it yourself?" Unfortunately, it's not that easy. Body repairs are a difficult craft, especially in today's world, and cannot be taken over easily. This is partly due to the expensive tools that are needed, but also due to the complexity of the colors of today's cars. For example, two Audi A6 2015 models may have a different color, even though they were both delivered in the "silver metallic" color. Therefore, the color has to be mixed for each car. Otherwise, color differences in the paint are guaranteed. In addition, manual dexterity and a lot of experience are essential for a satisfactory car painting.Car painting with paint pen? For the price-conscious private car owner, buying a paint pen with some minor damage may be an alternative. However, there are a few things to consider. In order to avoid corrosion, appropriate vehicle locations must be pre-treated and then sealed with clear varnish. You also have to keep in mind that this is only an optical improvement. You will definitely see a color difference after applying the varnish. So if you want to lend a hand yourself with a touch-up pen, you should consider carefully whether you can accept the visual compromise at the affected vehicle location. What makes a good painter what it is? Often, the wide range of activities is divided between several specialized specialists. A good automotive painter or tinsmith today must have some basic skills and characteristics to do good work. Skilled craftsmanshipGood paint preparation, true-to-shape alignment.Exact application of layers of paint.Precise rework to remove any dust inclusions and other traces of repair.Knowledge about carsWhere are sensors? How to dismantle auto parts properly? Years of experienceWhat do I have to consider when painting plastic? How do I deal with steel or aluminum and when can I do partial painting (spot repair)? When does that not make sense? How do I avoid color differences? Good equipmentPainting gunGrinding and polishing machinesExtractionProtective equipmentAt ChipsAway, all car painters are trained skilled workers and have the most modern technical requirements. Modern cars of all brands can be easily repaired according to the manufacturer's specifications. Repaint the car completely vs. Painting car parts Complete painting is rarely requested because it is very material-intensive, time-consuming and therefore also expensive. In such cases, car wrapping is often more economical. If painting is still your wish, it is advisable to check with the workshop of your choice beforehand, since many companies today do not offer complete car paintwork. In urban areas in particular, strict operating plant permits are a big issue and these usually limit the maximum amount of paint that can be used or the amount of emissions allowed. As a result, many municipal companies have to forego the offer of complete paintwork. Painting rims Nowadays, a variety of manufacturing options and materials for rims are used. The cheapest option is the steel rim. This is mostly made of rolled steel and hidden behind plastic caps. In the event of damage, the decorative cap can simply be replaced here, but after aesthetics play a major role, many car rims are made from high-quality light metal. The most common version is aluminum rims. Alloy wheels are cast or forged and usually painted. If there is slight damage, the workshop can repair it with relatively simple means. The rim is sanded off and, if necessary, the shape is restored with putty. After the filling material has hardened completely, the rim can be painted again. For this, several layers of filler (primer), basecoat and clearcoat are applied. The basecoat ensures the correct color, the clearcoat provides corrosion protection and the sealing of the paint.Painting the bumperThe bumper dampens in the event of an impact and is therefore susceptible to damage to the paint. Modern bumpers are mostly made of plastic, which due to its elasticity moves back to the starting position after the impact. If the bumper is broken, it must be replaced. The new bumper delivered from the factory is painted in the respective vehicle color. In the case of minor damage, bumpers can usually be repaired using the Smart Repair method. This is due to the many edges of the component. Where there are edges, partial lacquering can be carried out without a large color gradient becoming visible. The bumper is painted similarly to other components. After true-to-shape repairs, which are often carried out by heating with a hot-air dryer, they are filled in several layers and painted with base and clear varnish. Corrosion protection naturally plays no role in plastic bumpers, but the filler and the clear coat are still important for the optical image. Attention should be paid to any parking sensors. Of course, these may not be painted. Excessive cementing should be avoided if possible with plastic bumpers. In the event of a new impact, there is a risk of bursting because the putty does not have the same elasticity as the bumper.Painting the fenderThe fender is also an extremely susceptible component of the car when it comes to damage. In contrast to the bumper, this is usually not made of plastic, but made of galvanized steel or aluminum. Deformations must therefore usually be repaired using a Spengler tool. Afterwards, special attention must be paid to passive corrosion protection when painting. Because both galvanized sheet and aluminum are not fully protected against corrosion. When painting, the filler, then the basecoat (color) and finally the clear coat are applied. If necessary, several layers are applied. How do the costs for car painting come about? Material costs: Material costs are an important factor. This is primarily about paint material, sandpaper, polishing paste, cover film and other necessary tools. This should not be underestimated, because a partial painting can cost 50-100 € in material costs. Part costs: A component is often no longer repaired because it is irreparable or repair is simply uneconomical. In consultation with you, individual parts will be removed in this case and generally replaced with original parts. Working hours: Many work steps are necessary to carry out a car painting on a high quality level. This includes any disassembly, masking, grinding, welding, putty, painting and polishing work. Why ChipsAway? ChipsAway is the largest network of automotive paint shops and works exclusively with highly qualified partners. We attach great importance to fair prices with high quality work. Workshop near you Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Location Estimate the cost beforehand Send a photo of the damage and get a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Find a location Cost estimate in advance Send a photo of the damage and receive a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Price The company Philosophy Become a partner Imprint Data protection declaration Facebook-f Follow us on facebook Any questions? Find a workshop Request a cost estimate +43 5 9700 - 1000 caoffice@chipsaway.at This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. © 2020 ChipsAway Austria This website uses cookies. If you continue to use the website, we assume your consent.OKLearn more