Repairing hail damage to the car at ChipsAway >> 28x in Austria MENUMENUHomeStandorte 1120 Vienna 1220 Vienna2620 Wiener Neustadt - Ternitz3100 St. Pölten3304 Amstetten4040 Linz Urfahr4053 Haid4060 Leonding4070 Eferding4400 Steyr 4600 Wels 4810 Gmunden4850 Timelkam49au St.20 Salzburg, Hartland am Salzburg 50, Salzburg Salzburg, Hart .5400 Hallein6020 Innsbruck6900 Bregenz7000 Eisenstadt 7100 Neusiedl am See 8020 Graz9020 Klagenfurt 1, Südring 3329020 Klagenfurt 2, Südring 3629020 Klagenfurt 3, St. Veiter Str. 9300 St. Veit ad Glan9400 Wolfsberg9500 Villach9800 Spittal a.d. Drau9990 Lienz -Debant Our Services Paint Damage Scratches Sheet Damage Hail Damage Smart Repair Windows Stone Chip Window Exchange Aluminum Rims Repair Dents Interior Damage Paint the Car Advice Search Close Hail Damage on the Car Repair The ChipsAway Method: Advantages of the Repair Cost Insurance Duration of the Repair The ChipsAway Method: Advantages of the Repair Cost Insurance Duration of the Repair A Hail damage is annoying and in many cases can mean total damage to your car. This need not be! ChipsAway is the specialist for hail dents in Austria and repairs your damage professionally, quickly and cheaply. Workshop in your area Find a workshop in your area: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Location Cost estimate in advance Send a photo of the damage and get a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Find a cost estimate Send a photo of the damage in advance and receive a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Contact us Do you have any questions? We are happy to help! Contact us Expert tip: You can only recognize hail dents on the car in the right light. Check the surface of the paint by the light reflection of a neon tube or a flashlight. Why you are right at ChipsAway Fast repair within a few hours Top quality Professional repairs with the most innovative technologies up to 50% cheaper thanks to the ChipsAway method Direct settlement with your insurance company No cost risk Free cost estimate Save deductible in advance Ask about your deductible reduction Our locations 1120 Vienna 1220 Vienna 2620 Wiener Neustadt Ternitz 3304 Amstetten 4040 Linz Urfahr 4053 Haid 4060 Linz Leonding 4070 Eferding 4400 Steyr 4600 Wels 4810 Gmunden 4850 Timelkam 4943 St. Peter am Hart / Braunau 5020 Salzburg, Alpenstr. 5020 Salzburg, Landstr. 5400 Hallein 6020 Innsbruck 7100 Neusiedl am See 9020 Klagenfurt 1, Südring 332 9020 Klagenfurt 2, Südring 362 9020 Klagenfurt, St. Veiter Staße 9300 St. Veit an der Glan 9400 Wolfsberg 9500 Villach 9800 Spittal a.d. Drau 9900 Lienz / Debant How it works In the first step, we mark all the hail dents. A dent log provides information about the size and number of damage. We are dedicated to handling claims. An expert from your insurance company inspects the hail damage to your car and approves the repair, after which the dent technician begins his work. He massages all hail dents either with a door lever from the inside ... or pulls them out from the outside with a special adhesive. After each repair, a quality check is carried out using special lamps. Previous Next Compare ChipsAway yourself to repair hail damage in no time. Convince yourself by the direct before / after comparison. Costs No cost risk Hail damage usually leaves a larger number of dents on the car than at first glance. Therefore, an assessment of the costs is only possible after an in-depth assessment of the damage. Example: The cost of damage with 150 hail dents is approximately € 1,600. The actual price for hail damage repair depends on various factors. In particular, the diameter of the hail dents is very important. The working time required varies, and consequently also the costs. If the paint is not damaged, hail dents do not have to be painted, which makes the repair cheaper. For more information on the cost of repairing a hail damage, please contact the appraisal. In addition to cash payment and payment with an ATM card, payment with a credit card is also possible (Visa or Mastercard). Expert tip: The diameter of hail dents is usually between 10 and 45 mm. The measurement is from the outermost point of the visible bend. Insurance Comprehensive insurance usually covers damage caused by natural forces, and therefore also hail damage. However, a deductible is sometimes agreed. Ask your insurance company directly about this. Expert tip: Talk to our customer advisors about the possibility of a deductible reduction. Fast and reliable Duration of repairs The working time is usually one to two working days. If the hail damage to your car is handled by the insurance company, it must be assessed in advance. As soon as you place an order for the repair, we will contact your insurance company immediately. Unfortunately we cannot influence the time until the hail damage is inspected by the expert. Usually, however, this takes place within a few working days. It is not necessary to make an appointment for an initial inspection. Contact your ChipsAway customer service representative at your branch for more information on the dates and duration of your repairs. Quality is important to us Our dent technicians are exclusively trained and experienced hail professionals. A quality control is carried out after each repair. If there is a need to replace parts, we always use original spare parts. We are proud of our high quality and receive positive customer feedback on an ongoing basis. Lucijaaus Wien Read more Super handling of the hail damage. Friendly, competent staff. Completion on schedule. Excellent repair work, all dents were removed. Davidaus Oberösterreich Read more Very friendly, personable and competent. Fast processing with the insurance company. 100 € less deductible. Bernadetteaus Kärnten Read more Unfortunately I had some hail damage on my car after a thunderstorm. At ChipsAway I was very well advised, the repair was done on time and the result was more than satisfactory. I can recommend it with a clear conscience. Previous Next Warranty Of course you have full warranty rights with us. We document every damage with photos. After the repair is complete, the customer advisor will assess your vehicle together with you. Workshop in your area Find a workshop in your area: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Location Cost estimate in advance Send a photo of the damage and get a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Find a cost estimate Send a photo of the damage in advance and receive a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Contact us Do you have any questions? We are happy to help! Contact us The most important questions about repairing hail damage What can I do if my car has hail damage? If you have discovered hail damage to the car, it is worthwhile to repair it quickly. The quick repair of hail damage is not only important because of the appearance and the possible risk of corrosion. A timely repair may also be recommended to secure insurance claims. It is best to get a non-binding quote from ChipsAway right away. How much does it cost to repair hail damage to the car? Basically, the price for the repair of hail damage depends on the material used and the time required. The costs also depend very much on the size and type of damage. For example, the cost of damage with 150 hail dents is around € 1,600. In addition to the number of dents, their depth also plays a decisive role in the calculation of the final price. Simply visit one of our 28 locations throughout Austria and get advice without obligation. How long does a hail damage repair take? The repair itself usually only takes one to two working days. If your damage is settled via the insurance company, the expert's assessment time is usually added. For more information, please contact your ChipsAway customer advisor on site. Find the nearest location in your area. Does the insurance cover hail damage repairs? Comprehensive insurance covers damage caused by natural forces in the rain - and thus also the repair of hail damage. However, there is a deductible for many insurance companies, so it's best to contact your insurance company for more information (tip: have your policy number ready!). Your ChipsAway customer advisor will of course be happy to assist you. Arrange a personal appointment in the next branch. How does a hail damage repair work? The specific sequence of a hail damage repair primarily depends on the size of the damage and the damaged vehicle part. As a rule, the following work steps are necessary: ​​Mark and count dents (in the event of insurance damage), then gently massage out dents individually from the inside or pull them out using special glue. Quality control using special lamps. The company Philosophy Become a partner Imprint Data protection declaration Facebook-f Follow us on facebook Any questions? Find a workshop Request a cost estimate +43 5 9700 - 1000 caoffice@chipsaway.at This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. © 2020 ChipsAway Austria This website uses cookies. If you continue to use the website, we assume your consent.OKLearn more