Remove small car damage using Smart Repair - ChipsAway Austria MENUMENUHomeStandorte 1120 Vienna 1220 Vienna2620 Wiener Neustadt - Ternitz3100 St. Pölten3304 Amstetten4040 Linz Urfahr4053 Haid4060 Leonding4070 Eferding4400 Steyr 4600 Wels 4810 Gmunden4850 Timelkam4963 St. Peter am Hart / Alpenstr. 5020 Hallein6020 Innsbruck6900 Bregenz7000 Eisenstadt 7100 Neusiedl am See 8020 Graz9020 Klagenfurt 1, Südring 3329020 Klagenfurt 2, Südring 3629020 Klagenfurt 3, St. Veiter Str. 9300 St. Veit ad Glan9400 Wolfsberg9500 Villach9800 Spittal a.d. Drau9990 Lienz -Debant Our Services Paint Damage Scratches Tin Damage Hail Damage Smart Repair Windows Stone Chip Window Exchange Aluminum Rims Repair Dents Interior Damage Paint the Car Advisor Close Search Remove Small Car Damages Using Smart Repair The ChipsAway Method: Advantages of the Repair Cost Insurance Duration of the Repair The ChipsAway Method: Advantages of the Repair Cost Insurance Duration of the Repair Whether due to stone chips or key scratches - small dents, cracks or paint damage to the bumper or car door happen quickly. But no need to panic - ChipsAway repairs small car damage quickly and cheaply using Spot Repair. As the world's No. 1 in the smart repair method, ChipsAway is also a leader in Austria. Workshop in your area Find a workshop in your area: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Location Cost estimate in advance Send a photo of the damage and get a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Find a cost estimate Send a photo of the damage in advance and receive a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Contact us Do you have any questions? We are happy to help! Contact us Expert tip: Small paint damage should be repaired as soon as possible. An intact paint not only looks beautiful, it also protects the car from rust. Why you are right at ChipsAway Fast repair within a few hours Top quality Professional repairs with the most innovative technologies up to 50% cheaper thanks to the ChipsAway method Direct settlement with your insurance company No cost risk Free cost estimate Save deductible in advance Ask about your deductible reduction Our locations 1120 Vienna 1220 Vienna 2620 Wiener Neustadt Ternitz 3304 Amstetten 4040 Linz Urfahr 4053 Haid 4060 Linz Leonding 4070 Eferding 4400 Steyr 4600 Wels 4810 Gmunden 4850 Timelkam 4943 St. Peter am Hart / Braunau 5020 Salzburg, Alpenstr. 5020 Salzburg, Landstr. 5400 Hallein 6020 Innsbruck 7100 Neusiedl am See 9020 Klagenfurt 1, Südring 332 9020 Klagenfurt 2, Südring 362 9020 Klagenfurt, St. Veiter Staße 9300 St. Veit an der Glan 9400 Wolfsberg 9500 Villach 9800 Spittal a.d. Drau 9900 Lienz / Debant And this is how it works What is Smart Repair? Smart repair or spot repair is a method of repair to remove minor damage to cars. As a rule, this means scratches or small dents. The acronym SMART stands for Small Middle Area Repair Technology. Small paint damage, such as scratches or cracks on the car door or bumper, can usually be repaired over a small area by partial painting on the car. The entire component is not painted, because edges on the car ensure an invisible color gradient. Small dents, on the other hand, are repaired without painting if the paint is not damaged. This saves time, material, money and also protects the environment. The result of such a repair fully corresponds in quality and appearance to the results of a classic paint repair. Smart! Compare yourself ChipsAway can Smart Repair. Convince yourself by the direct before / after comparison. Costs No cost risk The spot repair costs result from the workload and the material used. The main thing is the size, the affected area and the intensity of the damage. Small superficial car body damage can be repaired for less than € 100. Deep, large damage, which also has to be dented, costs more. For more information, contact your customer service representative to assess the damage, and pay when the car is picked up. In addition to cash payment and payment with an ATM card, payment with a credit card is also possible (Visa or Mastercard). Expert tip: If only the clear coat is slightly damaged by a scratch, there is no need to carry out a complete paint repair. The damage is polished out using the Smart Repair method - the repair is cheaper. Insurance In the case of third-party insurance damage, the third party liability insurance covers the spot repair costs. If you have comprehensive insurance, this will usually cover the costs regardless of who is responsible. In some cases, a deductible has been agreed. The best thing to do in this regard is to contact your insurance company directly. Expert tip: Talk to our customer advisors about the possibility of a deductible reduction. Fast and reliable Duration of the repair The duration of the repair using the Spot Repair method is usually limited to one working day. If your damage is settled through the insurance company, it must in many cases be assessed in advance. As soon as you place an order for the repair, we will contact your insurance company immediately. You need to worry about anything! Unfortunately, we cannot influence the time until the car damage is assessed by the appraiser. Normally, however, this takes place within 1-2 working days. It is not necessary to make an appointment for an initial inspection. Contact your ChipsAway customer service representative for more information on dates and repair times. Quality is important to us Our technicians are trained, experienced painters. A quality control is carried out after each spot repair. If there is a need to replace a part, this will only be done after consultation with you. Original spare parts are always installed. We are proud of our high quality and receive positive customer feedback on an ongoing basis. Martinaus Wien Read more Friendly advice and ongoing information about the status of the repair. Super Service. All work done competently and precisely. I can only recommend Smart Repair at ChipsAway. Aylinaus Oberösterreich Read more Really great service! The boss explained the concept of smart repair to me and how it can remove cost-effective scratches. The comparison is worth it: I paid € 500 less for the same result. Result like new. I immediately recommended it to my friends. Patrickaus Tirol Read more I was very satisfied with the performance of the workshop. Everything went great. The staff are very friendly. The car is like new. Previous Next Warranty Of course you have full warranty rights with us. We document every damage with photos. After the repair is complete, the customer service consultant will assess your vehicle together with you. Workshop in your area Find a workshop in your area: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Location Cost estimate in advance Send a photo of the damage and get a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Find a cost estimate Send a photo of the damage in advance and receive a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Contact us Do you have any questions? We are happy to help! Contact us The most important questions about Smart Repair What does Smart Repair or Spot Repair mean? Smart Repair / Spot Repair means a repair method to remove minor damage to the car. The acronym SMART means Small Middle Area Repair. Small paint damage can usually be repaired over a small area by partial painting on the car. This includes, for example, scratches or cracks on the car door or bumper. If the paint is not damaged, however, small dents can even be repaired without painting. Smart! How much does Smart Repair cost on the car? Basically, the price for Smart Repair always depends on the material used and the time required. The removal of small superficial car body damage can be repaired at ChipsAway for less than € 100. Deep, large damage, which also has to be dented, costs more. Simply visit one of our 28 locations throughout Austria and get advice without obligation. How long does Smart Repair take? The duration of the repair using the Spot Repair method is usually limited to one working day. If your damage is settled via the insurance company, the expert's assessment time is usually added. For more information, please contact your ChipsAway customer advisor on site. Find the nearest location in your area. Does the insurance cover Smart Repair? In the case of third-party insurance damage, the third party liability insurance covers the spot repair costs. If you have comprehensive insurance, this will usually cover the costs regardless of who is responsible. In many cases, however, a deductible has been agreed.For more information, it is best to contact your insurance company immediately (tip: have your policy number ready!). Your ChipsAway customer advisor will of course be happy to assist you. Arrange a personal appointment in the next branch. The company Philosophy Become a partner Imprint Data protection declaration Facebook-f Follow us on facebook Any questions? Find a workshop Request a cost estimate +43 5 9700 - 1000 caoffice@chipsaway.at This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. © 2020 ChipsAway Austria This website uses cookies. If you continue to use the website, we assume your consent.OKLearn more