Repairing sheet metal damage to the car - ChipsAway Austria MENUMENUHomeStandorte 1120 Vienna 1220 Vienna2620 Wiener Neustadt - Ternitz3100 St. Pölten3304 Amstetten4040 Linz Urfahr4053 Haid4060 Leonding4070 Eferding4400 Steyr 4600 Wels 4810 Gmunden4850 Timelkam4963 St. Peter am Hart / Alpenstr. 5050 Salzburg, Salzburg, 5020 Salzburg Bregenz7000 Eisenstadt 7100 Neusiedl am See 8020 Graz9020 Klagenfurt 1, Südring 3329020 Klagenfurt 2, Südring 3629020 Klagenfurt 3, St. Veiter Str. 9300 St. Veit ad Glan9400 Wolfsberg9500 Villach9800 Spittal a.d. Drau9990 Lienz -Debant Our Services Paint Damage Scratches Tin Damage Hail Damage Smart Repair Windows Stone Chip Window Exchange Aluminum Rims Repair Dents Interior Damage Paint Your Car Advice Search Close Sheet Metal Damage on the Car Repair The ChipsAway Method: Advantages of the Repair Cost Insurance Duration of the Repair The ChipsAway Method: Advantages of the Repair Cost Insurance Duration of the Repair Also the most beautiful cars can get damaged every now and then. No problem for ChipsAway. We repair small and large sheet metal damage to cars of all kinds - high quality, professional, quick and cheap. Workshop in your area Find a workshop in your area: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Location Cost estimate in advance Send a photo of the damage and get a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Find a cost estimate Send a photo of the damage in advance and receive a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Contact us Do you have any questions? We are happy to help! Contact us Expert tip: It is recommended to repair paint and sheet metal damage to the car as soon as possible. An intact body not only looks beautiful, it also protects the car from rust. Why you are right at ChipsAway Fast repair within a few hours Top quality Professional repairs with the most innovative technologies up to 50% cheaper thanks to the ChipsAway method Direct settlement with your insurance company No cost risk Free cost estimate Save deductible in advance Ask about your deductible reduction Our locations 1120 Vienna 1220 Vienna 2620 Wiener Neustadt Ternitz 3304 Amstetten 4040 Linz Urfahr 4053 Haid 4060 Linz Leonding 4070 Eferding 4400 Steyr 4600 Wels 4810 Gmunden 4850 Timelkam 4943 St. Peter am Hart / Braunau 5020 Salzburg, Alpenstr. 5020 Salzburg, Landstr. 5400 Hallein 6020 Innsbruck 7100 Neusiedl am See 9020 Klagenfurt 1, Südring 332 9020 Klagenfurt 2, Südring 362 9020 Klagenfurt, St. Veiter Staße 9300 St. Veit an der Glan 9400 Wolfsberg 9500 Villach 9800 Spittal a.d. Drau 9900 Lienz / Debant And this is how it works Replacing body parts If your car has, for example, sheet metal damage to the fender or damage to the bumper, it may be necessary to replace it. The old vehicle part is removed, while the new one is painted and professionally assembled. Process of a sheet metal damage repair Usually, with classic sheet metal damage, painting of components is necessary. Therefore, the body is first brought into shape and then the painting work is carried out. A body repair works as follows: First, our body plasterers clean the corresponding body part of the car using a silicone remover, then we grind off the pressed-in area, and then special pulling hooks are welded to the sheet metal. Our experienced technicians effortlessly find the optimal welding point, then we use special tools to tighten the draw hooks and bring the body back into shape.After detaching the draw hooks, we compensate for any minor unevenness with a fiber cement classic painting work can be started. Previous Next Compare ChipsAway yourself to repair sheet metal damage in no time. Convince yourself by the direct before / after comparison. Costs No cost risk The cost of repairing the sheet metal damage is calculated from the workload and the material. No sheet metal damage on the car is like the other. Accordingly, the price depends on the size and intensity of the damage and the affected area on the body. Since sheet metal damage is usually more complex to repair, costs usually have to be expected from 600 €. Payment is made when the car is picked up. In addition to cash payment and payment with an ATM card, payment with a credit card is also possible (Visa or Mastercard). Expert tip: If the body is only pressed in but the paint is not damaged, the dent can usually be removed without painting. Due to the lower cost of sheet metal damage with intact paint (slight sheet metal damage), the costs are also cheaper. Insurance Do you have sheet metal damage due to an accident or hail? The cost of damage caused by a known third party is covered by the third party liability insurance. If you have comprehensive insurance, the cost of repairing your car is usually borne regardless of who is responsible. In some cases there is a deductible. The best thing to do in this regard is to contact your insurance company directly. Damage caused by hail is generally covered by comprehensive insurance. Expert tip: Talk to our customer advisors about the possibility of a deductible reduction. Fast and reliable Duration of the repair The working time is usually one to three working days. If the sheet metal damage to your car is processed through insurance, in most cases it must be assessed in advance. As soon as you place an order for the repair, we will contact your insurance company immediately. You need to worry about anything! Unfortunately, we cannot influence the time until the expert inspects the sheet metal damage. Normally, however, this is one to two working days. It is not necessary to make an appointment for an initial inspection. Please contact your ChipsAway customer service representative at your branch for more information on dates and repair times. Quality is important to us Our technicians are trained and experienced plumbers and painters. A quality control is carried out after each repair. If there is a need to replace auto parts, this will only be done after prior consultation with you. We always use original spare parts. We are proud of our high quality and receive positive customer feedback on an ongoing basis. Petra from Burgenland Read more Competent, friendly and reliable. As a customer, you are emperor here and not just king. Number 1 for me in the field of sheet metal repair. Keep it up and thanks again. Stefanaus Kärnten Read more Very competent and above all friendly team. Prompt inspection of my sheet metal damage (although I went there unannounced) and prompt offer. The offer was detailed and transparent, the offer price was kept. The damage was repaired perfectly and to my complete satisfaction - the car looks like new. Great service with insurance processing. Price / offer: Very good! I can fully recommend it. Rajkaaus Wien Read more After a small accident, my car was damaged in the metal and paint. I took it straight to a ChipsAway car workshop. The nice employees not only looked after the repairs, but also the insurance. Super quick and easy. And I'm very happy with the result. Previous Next Warranty Of course you have full warranty rights with us. The damage is documented with photos. After each repair has been completed, the site manager will assess the vehicle together with you. Workshop in your area Find a workshop in your area: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Location Cost estimate in advance Send a photo of the damage and get a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Find a workshop near you: Find a workshop 28 times in Austria Find a cost estimate Send a photo of the damage in advance and receive a cost estimate Request a cost estimate Contact us Do you have any questions? We are happy to help! Contact us The most important questions about repairing sheet metal damage What can I do if the sheet metal is damaged in the car? If you have sheet metal damage to your car, it is worth repairing it quickly. The quick repair of sheet metal damage is not only important because of the appearance and the possible risk of corrosion. A timely repair may also be recommended to secure insurance claims. It is best to get a non-binding quote from ChipsAway right away. How much does repairing a sheet metal damage to the car cost? Basically, the price for repairing sheet metal damage depends on the material used and the working time required. The costs also depend very much on the size and type of damage. For example, sheet metal damage could cost € 600. Simply visit one of our 28 locations throughout Austria and get advice without obligation. How long does a sheet metal repair take? The repair time itself is usually only one to three working days. If your damage is settled via the insurance company, the expert's assessment time is usually added. For more information, please contact your ChipsAway customer advisor on site. Find the nearest location in your area. Does the insurance cover sheet metal repairs? Insurance companies usually pay for the repair of sheet metal damage. Whether your specific claim is covered always depends on the insurance company. For more information, it is best to contact your insurance company right away (tip: have your policy number ready!). Your ChipsAway customer advisor will of course be happy to assist you. Arrange a personal appointment in the next branch. How does a sheet metal repair work? The actual process of a sheet metal damage repair primarily depends on the size of the damage and the damaged vehicle part. Roughly speaking, the following work steps are necessary: ​​cleaning and sanding the pressed-in body part, shaping the body with special draw hooks, leveling out unevenness with fiber cement, filling and multi-layer painting. The company Philosophy Become a partner Imprint Data protection declaration Facebook-f Follow us on facebook Any questions? Find a workshop Request a cost estimate +43 5 9700 - 1000 caoffice@chipsaway.at This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. © 2020 ChipsAway Austria This website uses cookies. If you continue to use the website, we assume your consent.OKLearn more