Data protection start (0) 37754 2986 E-Mail: This email address is being protected from spambots. To display JavaScript must be turned on! Website: www.sh-landtechnik.de II. General information on data processing 1. Scope of processing personal data We generally process personal data of our users only insofar as this is necessary to provide a functional website and our content and services. The processing of personal data of our users takes place regularly only with the consent of the user. An exception applies in cases in which prior consent cannot be obtained for factual reasons and the processing of the data is permitted by law. 2. Legal basis for the processing of personal data Insofar as we obtain the consent of the data subject for processing personal data, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) serves as the legal basis. When processing personal data that is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party, Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR as the legal basis. This also applies to processing operations that are necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. Insofar as processing of personal data is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation to which our company is subject, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR serves as the legal basis. In the event that vital interests of the data subject or another natural person require the processing of personal data, Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. d GDPR serves as the legal basis. If processing is necessary to safeguard the legitimate interests of our company or a third party and if the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not outweigh the former interest, Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR as the legal basis for processing. 3. Deletion of data and duration of storage The personal data of the data subject will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of storage no longer applies. Storage can also take place if this has been provided for by the European or national legislator in EU regulations, laws or other regulations to which the person responsible is subject. The data will also be blocked or deleted if a storage period prescribed by the standards mentioned expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for the conclusion or performance of a contract. III. Provision of the website and creation of log files 1. Description and scope of data processing Each time our website is accessed, our system automatically collects data and information from the computer system of the calling computer. The following data is collected: (1) Information about the browser type and the version used ( 2) The user's operating system (3) The user's IP address (4) Date and time of access (5) Websites from which the user's system reaches our website (6) Websites that are accessed by the user's system via our website The data is also stored in the log files of our system. This data is not stored together with other personal data of the user. 2. Legal basis for data processing The legal basis for the temporary storage of data and log files is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. 3. Purpose of data processing The temporary storage of the IP address by the system is necessary to enable delivery of the website to the user's computer. For this purpose, the IP address of the user must remain stored for the duration of the session. The log files are stored to ensure the functionality of the website. In addition, we use the data to optimize the website and to ensure the security of our information technology systems. An evaluation of the data for marketing purposes does not take place in this context. Our legitimate interest in data processing according to Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. 4. Duration of storage The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. In the case of the collection of data for the provision of the website, this is the case when the respective session has ended; in the case of storage of the data in log files, this is the case after seven days at the latest. Further storage is possible. In this case, the IP addresses of the users are deleted or alienated, so that it is no longer possible to assign the calling client. 5. Opposition and elimination options The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of the data in log files is absolutely necessary for the operation of the website. There is consequently no possibility for the user to object. IV. Use of technically necessary cookies 1. Description and scope of data processing Our website uses cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in the internet browser or by the internet browser on the user's computer system. If a user calls up a website, a cookie can be saved on the user's operating system. This cookie contains a characteristic string that e.g. enables the browser to be clearly identified when the website is called up again. The user can influence or prevent the storage of cookies at any time using the privacy settings in the browser. Cookies that have already been set can also be deleted by the user at any time. It should be noted that if the cookies are partially or completely deactivated in the browser, not all functions of the website can be used. We use cookies to make our website more user-friendly. Some elements of our website require that the accessing browser can be identified even after a page change. The following data is stored and transmitted in the cookies: (1) Unique session ID for user identification for the duration of the website visit informed about the use of cookies by an information banner and referred to this data protection declaration. In this context, there is again a note that the storage of cookies can be prevented in the browser settings. 2. Legal basis for data processing The legal basis for processing personal data using technically necessary cookies is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. 3. Purpose of data processing The purpose of using technically necessary cookies is to simplify the use of websites for the users. Some functions of our website cannot be offered without the use of cookies. For this it is necessary that the browser is recognized even after a page change. The user data collected through technically necessary cookies are not used to create user profiles. For this purpose, our legitimate interest lies in the processing of personal data in accordance with Art. 6 para 1 lit. f GDPR. 4. Duration of storage, objection and elimination options Cookies are stored on the user's computer and transmitted from there to our site. As a user, you therefore have full control over the use of cookies. By changing the settings in your internet browser, you can deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies. Cookies that have already been saved can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are deactivated for our website, it may not be possible to use all functions of the website to their full extent. V. E-mail contact 1. Description and scope of data processing Contact can be made via the e-mail addresses provided. In this case, the user's personal data transmitted with the email will be saved. In this context, the data is not passed on to third parties. The data will only be used to process the conversation. 2. Legal basis for data processing The legal basis for the processing of data transmitted in the course of sending an email is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If the email contact is aimed at the conclusion of a contract, then an additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR. 3. Purpose of data processing The processing of personal data by contacting us by e-mail is only used to process the contact. 4. Duration of storage The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. For the personal data that was sent by email, this is the case when the respective conversation with the user has ended. The conversation is ended when it can be inferred from the circumstances that the matter in question has been finally clarified. 5. Opposition and elimination options If the user contacts us by email, they can object to the storage of their personal data at any time. In such a case, the conversation cannot be continued. If the user objects to the storage, he can contact the person responsible for the processing at any time and without giving reasons. All personal data that was saved in the course of contacting us will be stored in deleted in this case. VI. Facebook plugins Plugins from the social network Facebook, 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA are integrated on our website. You can recognize the Facebook plugins by the Facebook logo or the "Like" button on our website. When you visit our website, the plugin establishes a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server Facebook receives the information that you have visited our website with your IP address. If you click the Facebook "Like" button while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can view the content of our website on your Facebook Link profile. This allows Facebook to associate your visit to our website with your user account. We would like to point out that, as the provider of the website, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or of how it is used by Facebook https://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php.If you do not want Facebook to be able to associate your visit to our website with your Facebook user account , please log out of your Facebook user account. VII. External links On our website we have integrated links to external offers and websites that supplement our offer or have suitable offers ready. This data protection declaration does not extend to external links offered on our website. If we integrate external links, we endeavor to ensure that they also comply with our data protection and security standards. However, we have no influence on the compliance with data protection and security regulations by other providers. Therefore, please inform yourself on the websites of the other providers about the data protection declarations provided there. External offers that we link: Websites of our partners and suppliers, Google Maps for directions. VIII. Rights of the data subject If personal data is processed by you, are you a victim iSd GDPR and you have the following rights vis-à-vis the person responsible: 1. Right to information You can ask the person responsible to confirm whether personal data concerning you are being processed by us. If such processing is taking place, you can do so from the person responsible the following information requires information: (1) the purposes for which the personal data are processed; (2) the categories of personal data that are processed; (3) the recipients or the categories of recipients against whom the personal data concerning you are concerned Data have been disclosed or are still to be disclosed; (4) the planned duration of storage of your personal data or, if specific information is not possible, criteria for determining the storage period; (5) the right to have the data corrected or deleted Personal data concerning you, a right to restriction limitation of processing by the controller or a right to object to this processing; (6) the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority; (7) all available information about the origin of the data if the personal data is not collected from the data subject; (8 ) the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, in accordance with Art. 22 Para. 1 and 4 GDPR and - at least in these cases - meaningful information about the logic involved as well as the scope and intended effects of such processing for the data subject. You have the right to request information as to whether the personal data concerning you will be transferred to a third country or to an international organization. In this context, you can request information about the appropriate guarantees in accordance with Art. 46 GDPR to be informed in connection with the transmission. 2. Right to correction You have a right to correction and / or completion vis-à-vis the person responsible, provided that the processed personal data that concern you are incorrect or incomplete. The person responsible must make the correction immediately. 3. Right to restriction of processing Under the following conditions, you can request that the processing of your personal data be restricted: (1) if you contest the accuracy of your personal data for a period of time that enables the person responsible to check the accuracy of the personal data Check data; (2) the processing is unlawful and you refuse to delete the personal data and instead request that the use of the personal data be restricted; (3) the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you do to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, or (4) if you have objected to processing in accordance with Art. 21 Para. 1 GDPR and it is not yet certain whether the legitimate reasons of the person responsible outweigh your reasons limited to the processing of your personal data, this data - apart from its storage - may only be obtained with your consent or to assert, exercise or defend legal claims or to protect the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest in the Union or a Member State. Was the restriction of processing according to the above You will be informed by the person responsible before the restriction is lifted. 4. Right to deletion a) Obligation to delete You can ask the controller to delete your personal data immediately, and the controller is obliged to delete this data immediately if one of the following reasons applies: (1) You Personal data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed. (2) You revoke your consent on which the processing was based in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a or Art. 9 Para. 2 lit. a GDPR, and there is no other legal basis for the processing. (3) Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR and there is no overriding legitimate reason for the processing, or you file an objection pursuant to Art. 21 para. 2 GDPR to object to processing. (4) The personal data concerning you were processed unlawfully. (5) The deletion of the personal data relating to you is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation under Union law or the law of the member states (6) The personal data concerning you was collected in relation to information society services offered in accordance with Article 8 (1) GDPR. b) Information to third parties If the person responsible has made your personal data public and is acc. Article 17 (1) GDPR obliges them to delete them, taking into account the available technology and the implementation costs, appropriate measures, including technical ones, to inform those responsible for data processing who process the personal data that you as the data subject Person has asked them to delete all links to this personal data or to copy or replicate this personal data. c) Exceptions The right to erasure does not exist insofar as the processing is necessary (1) to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information; (2) to fulfill a legal obligation that the processing according to the law of the Union or the member states, the the controller is subject to, requires, or performs a task that is in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller; (3) for reasons of public interest in the area of ​​public health in accordance with Article 9 (2) lit. h and i as well as Art. 9 Para. 3 GDPR; (4) for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes acc. Art. 89 Para. 1 GDPR, insofar as the right mentioned under section a) is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of the objectives of this processing, or (5) to assert, exercise or defend legal claims. 5. Right to information If you have asserted the right to correction, deletion or restriction of processing against the person responsible, he is obliged to inform all recipients to whom your personal data has been disclosed of this correction or deletion of the data or restriction of processing unless this proves to be impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. You have the right vis-à-vis the person responsible to be informed about these recipients. 6. Right to data portability You have the right to receive the personal data that you have provided to the person responsible in a structured, common and machine-readable format. You also have the right to transfer this data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to whom the personal data was provided, provided that (1) the processing is based on consent in accordance with. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR or Art. 9 Para. 2 lit. a GDPR or on a contract acc. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR is based and (2) the processing is carried out using automated processes. In exercising this right, you also have the right to have your personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, insofar as this is technically feasible. The right to data portability does not apply to the processing of personal data that is necessary for the performance of a task that is in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority that has been delegated to the person responsible. 7. Right to object You have the right, for reasons arising from your particular situation, at any time to object to the processing of your personal data which is based on Art. 6 (1) lit. e or f GDPR occurs to file an objection; This also applies to profiling based on these provisions. The person responsible will no longer process the personal data relating to you, unless he can demonstrate compelling legitimate reasons for the processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves the Assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims.If the personal data concerning you are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of such advertising; This also applies to profiling insofar as it is related to such direct advertising. If you object to processing for direct advertising purposes, the personal data relating to you will no longer be processed for these purposes. You have the option of using the Services of the information society - regardless of the directive 2002/58 / EG - to exercise your right to object using automated procedures that use technical specifications. 8. Right to withdraw the declaration of consent under data protection law You have the right to withdraw your declaration of consent under data protection law at any time. Withdrawing consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. 9. Automated decision in individual cases including profiling You have the right not to be subjected to a decision based solely on automated processing - including profiling - that has legal effect on you or similarly significantly affects you. This does not apply if the decision (1) is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between you and the controller, (2) is permissible due to Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and this legislation takes appropriate measures to protect your rights and freedoms as well as your legitimate interests or (3) with your express consent. However, these decisions may not be based on special categories of personal data according to Art. 9 Para. 1 GDPR, unless Art. 9 Para. 2 lit. a or g GDPR applies and appropriate measures have been taken to protect your rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests.With regard to the cases mentioned in (1) and (3), the person responsible will take appropriate measures to protect the rights and freedoms as well as your legitimate interests , which includes at least the right to obtain the intervention of a person on the part of the person responsible, to state their own position and to contest the decision. 10. Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of your residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged violation, if you believe that the processing of your personal data violates the GDPR. The supervisory authority to which the complaint was submitted will inform the complainant of the status and results of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy in accordance with Art. 78 GDPR. SH Agricultural Technology Steffen Hahn e.Kfm.Am Windberg 3 08297 Zwönitz / Erzgeb. Telephone: 037 754 2986 Fax: 037 754 32432 E-Mail: info@sh-landtechnik.de Opening timesMonday: 6.30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Tuesday to Friday: 6.30 a.m. - 6 p.m. Saturday: 8 a.m. - 12 noon Sunday closed Directions to us 24-hour emergency service In emergencies, you can reach us around around the clock under the service number 0173 2930819. Imprint Data protection General terms and conditions Cookies help us to provide this website. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. Privacy Policy I agree