Service StartAbout usTechnical marketServicePartnerJobs ServiceService on agricultural and construction machinery Maintenance and service work on agricultural and construction machinery of all makes Repairs of all kinds Inspection Air conditioning system repair Repair of hydraulic systems Hydraulic hose service Engine and transmission repair Warranty services and fault diagnosis using testers on all machines of our trading partners Thanks to well-equipped service vehicles, repairs are also possible no problem on site! Service for cars, vans and trucks Maintenance and service work on cars, vans and trucks All maintenance and repair work for all makes Electronic fault diagnosis by testers from Texa Inspection Air conditioning service Tire service (for cars and vans) Accident repair Glass repair Repair work on hydraulic systems Workshop replacement vehicle Tachograph check for commercial vehicles DEKRA's range of services in the field of vehicle testing: main inspection (HU) exhaust gas inspection (AU) UVV safety inspection (commercial vehicle) individual operation approval change approval gas system inspection for caravans and mobile homes Special vehicle inspection HU + AU daily by arrangement possible tires and rims tire trade & service point Summer / winter tires from well-known manufacturers Tires for cars, vans, motorcycles, trucks, tractors and construction machinery Rims Light alloy rims Our service: Tire change Som mer / winter Tire repairs Wheel balancing Storage service Wheel alignment Breakdown service SH LandtechnikInh. Steffen Hahn e.Kfm.Am Windberg 3 08297 Zwönitz / Erzgeb. Telephone: 037 754 2986 Fax: 037 754 32432 E-Mail: info@sh-landtechnik.de Opening timesMonday: 6.30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Tuesday to Friday: 6.30 a.m. - 6 p.m. Saturday: 8 a.m. - 12 noon Sunday closed Directions to us 24-hour emergency service In emergencies, you can reach us around around the clock under the service number 0173 2930819. Imprint Data protection General terms and conditions Cookies help us to provide this website. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. Privacy Policy I agree