Repairers: Why become TOP TRUCK? - G-TRUCK / TOP TRUCK Loading ... Forgot your username? You can reset your password by indicating the email address associated with your account below: The maintenance and repair specialists in original multi-brand and multiservice parts for LCV and LCV Home Repairers Transporters Craftsmen Points of Sale Contact Emploi The other brands Why become TOP TRUCK? Our assets Repairers Our products Our services Transporters Our distribution networks Our repair networks Our e-commerce sites Other repairers banners Why become TOP TRUCK? Our assets By becoming a TOP TRUCK repairer, you use the power of the Group to: Optimize your PURCHASES Benefit from negotiated purchasing conditions and regular promotions from major equipment manufacturers. Benefit from reactive LOGISTICS Through local stocks from our distributors. improve your COMPETITIVENESS Thanks to numerous promotional actions available to you. STAYING IN COMPETITION - Many courses available in the G-School program - Catalog of services with negotiated conditions in order to reduce your overheads. Take advantage of the IMAGE and the NOToriety of a national network - Recognizable signage: highlighting your establishment - Annual media plan in the specialized press - Sports sponsorship: 10 years of partnership with Team Robineau . Optimize Benefit Improve Stay Profit You improve your commercial action plan To help your customers to grow, we have created a repair brand: TOP TRUCK, the leading network of multi-brand and multiservice repair and maintenance for HGVs and LCVs , coach and bus. Dedicated and offensive commercial action plan: marketing and commercial actions throughout the year to retain and encourage your customers. The TOP TRUCK challenge Loyalty and sales development tool. Monthly flash sales Promotions of products stored on our platforms. One-off promotions from our technical platforms Le Hello and Gallays and from our suppliers. You always have the right part at the right time Your distributor has a permanent stock of original parts and 1st assembly. PL technical product ranges: PL parts, Various PL, PL equipment, PL suspension. AXCAR, our distribution brand Centered on workshop products and consumables: - Ranges of major sales products at attractive prices (strap, disc, tachy, etc.) .- A complementary offer to the brands of equipment manufacturers. Workshop equipment and tools - More than 50 families stored on our platforms, from hand tools to lifts, - Regular entertainment and promotions. Benefit from the best services and broaden your clientele Service Center Utility The first multi-brand LCV maintenance and repair concept developed by all of our networks to: - Respond to strong demand from the LCV user, - Capture and retain a new customers .-> Position yourself in a fast growing market! Create a dedicated 100% LCV workspace run by a specialized team. Windshield Center Become a specialist in the repair / collision market: Replacement and repair service for glazing, optics, sunroofs for all passenger and light commercial vehicles. INFOTRUCK With INFOTRUCK, simplify your online parts orders: - Quick quotes - Management of your business: possibility of integrating management data - Select the vehicle by VIN or registration - Identify the parts assigned to the vehicle. - Consult repair methods - Consult LUL maintenance plans - Order your parts online. Get more information on why to become TOP TRUCK? (Repairers) Free call from a landline Realization: ArkoNet | Copyright GROUPAUTO 2011-2020 | Legal notices | Site map By clicking on the "OK" button, you accept the use of cookies to allow you to benefit from the services offered by www.top-truck.fr and to generate visit statistics. Find out more. OK