Legal notice - G-TRUCK / TOP TRUCK Loading ... Forgot your username? You can reset your password by indicating the email address associated with your account below: The maintenance and repair specialists in original multi-brand and multiservice parts for LCV and LCV Home Repairers Transporters Craftsmen Points of Sale Contact Emploi The other brands Why become TOP TRUCK? Our assets Repairers Our products Our services Carriers Our distribution networks Our repair networks Our e-commerce sites Other brands Legal notices The site accessible at the address www.top-truck.fr (ci- after referred to as the "Site") is published by the company SOCIETE DE DEVELOPPEMENT DE RESEAUX 3G, with a share capital of € 943,936.00, registered in the Nanterre Trade and Companies Register under number 409 127 396 00045 with headquarters social is located at 20, avenue André Malraux - 92309 LEVALLOIS PERRET (hereinafter referred to as the "Company"), whose contact details are as follows: Telephone number: 0800 102 811The director of the publication is Mr. GIROT Eric, legal representative of SOCIETE DE DEVELOPPEMENT DE RESEAUX 3G This site has been declared to the CNIL under the number BKp0495314x. The site is hosted by ArkoNet - 20 bis, rue Bertrand Flornoy - 77120 C OULOMMIERS (Tel: 01 64 65 89 19) The people who can access the Site are called "Users". Article 1: COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA The Company, in its relations with the User, is required to process, for its own account, personal data of the User which data (i) was communicated to it by this last following the sending of a collection form available on the Site and (ii) later during his various exchanges with the Company. This information is necessary to allow the User to obtain information on the services offered by the Company. The User has previously consented to the treatments designated in these legal notices, by clicking on the "send" button when sending the collection form to the Company. The Company will not carry out any other data processing of a personal nature other than those described in these legal notices, without the express prior consent of the User. Article 2: PURPOSES OF THE PROCESSING Personal data collected by the Company is processed for the following purposes: to respond to requests for information from the User; inform the User of the services and products offered by the Company, its partners and possibly the companies of the group to which it belongs. Article 3: YOUR RIGHTS 3.1 Right of access, rectification, portability, deletion and opposition In accordance with the law of January 6, 1978, as amended, relating to data, files and freedoms (the "Law n ° 78-17 ”) and to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of this data (the “GDPR”), the User has the right to access his personal data, rectify it, erase it, request its portability, request the limitation of this processing, oppose it or withdraw his consent. The exercise of these rights is carried out at any time by writing to the Company by email: dpo@allianceautomotive.fr. The User may, at any time, lodge a complaint with the competent control authority. 3.2 Directives relating to the conservation, erasure and communication of data after the death of the User Any User has the right to define directives relating to the conservation, erasure and communication of his data to personal character after his death. Any User can thus designate or not a third party who can have access to the data communicated to the Company. This third party can be designated by the User by writing an email, to this effect, to the following address dpo @ allianceautomotive.fr, by indicating their surname, first name and e-mail address. If the User has not defined any directive concerning the fate of his personal data following his death, the heirs of the User can ask the Company to obtain all information useful for the liquidation and sharing of the estate by sending a letter to the following electronic address: dpo @ allianceautomot The heirs may also, after the death of the User, obtain the cessation of any processing of personal data of the deceased. Article 4: CONSERVATION OF DATA The User's personal data in relation to a request for information on the services offered by the Company (eg surname, first name (s), email address, delivery address, billing address ) are kept for a period of three (3) years from their collection. Audience measurement statistics are not kept for a period greater than thirteen (13) months. In the event of litigation, all information, documents and documents containing the User's personal data tending to establish the disputed facts may be kept for the duration of the procedure, including for a period longer than those indicated above. Some data may be archived beyond the periods provided for the purposes of research, establishment and prosecution of criminal offenses for the sole purpose of allowing, as necessary, the provision of this data to the judicial authority. Archiving implies that this data is anonymized and no longer searchable online but is extracted and stored on an autonomous and secure medium. Article 5: RECIPIENTS OF DATA The personal data of the User collected and processed by the Company is strictly confidential. The Company may have to transfer temporarily and securely to third parties, in particular repairers who have joined one of the networks from the group to which the Company belongs, certain personal data of the User when necessary: ​​to the operation and maintenance of the Site (eg host of the Site); in order to respond to an order from the legal authorities. As such, when the third party concerned is located outside the European Union, or in a country that does not have adequate regulations within the meaning of the GDPR, the Company oversees its contractual relationship with this third party by adopting an appropriate contractual device .Your personal data, including email addresses, are not subject to any rental, sale, exchange or sharing with other providers if you have not expressly agreed to receive promotional offers from the from other companies that may be of interest to you. Article 6: COOKIES The Site uses cookies to prevent Users from entering their identifiers and passwords on each visit and to facilitate communication. The Company also uses cookies to analyze Internet audience allowing it to better understand the behavior of its users. These tools collect information and generate reports on Site usage statistics without individual users being necessarily personally identified by the third party that provides this cookie (e.g. Google). use of the Site, these audience analysis cookies also allow, in combination with certain other advertising cookies (placed by third-party sites and / or content when the User accesses them), to display more relevant ads on the Web. Each User retains the possibility of refusing cookies by configuring their Internet browser: Internet Explorer ™: http://windows.microsoft.com/fr-fr/internet-explorer/use-tracking-protection#ie=ie- 11; Safari ™: http://support.apple.com/kb/PH11952; Chrome ™: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/114836; Firefox ™: https://support.mozilla.org/fr/kb/comment-activer-option-ne-pas-pister; Opera ™: http://help.opera.com/Windows/12.10/fr/notrack.html; Edge ™: https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy. Article 7: STATISTICAL USE OF ANONYMOUS DATA As part of its activity, the Company collects, processes and stores statistical data relating to the use of the Site and relating to the activities of Users. This usage data, which may be transmitted to third parties, are anonymous and do not in any case identify Internet users, even indirectly. Free call from a landline Realization: ArkoNet | Copyright GROUPAUTO 2011-2020 | Legal notices | Site map By clicking on the "OK" button, you accept the use of cookies to allow you to benefit from the services offered by www.top-truck.fr and to generate visit statistics. Find out more. OK