Specialists in maintenance and repair in multi-brand and multiservice original parts for LCVs and LCVs - Home - G-TRUCK / TOP TRUCK Loading in progress ... Forgot your identifier? You can reset your password by indicating the email address associated with your account below: The maintenance and repair specialists in original multi-brand and multiservice parts for LCV and LCV Home Repairers Transporters Craftsmen Points of Sale Contact Emploi The other brands Why become TOP TRUCK? Our assets Repairers Our products Our services Carriers Our distribution networks Our repair networks Our e-commerce sites The other G-TRUCK brands TOP TRUCK | 24H DU MANS 2019 The 35th edition of the 24 Hours Trucks took place on September 28-29 on the Bugatti circuit where more than 60,000 visitors came to live an exceptional weekend! In terms of racing, Thomas Robineau finished second in this weekend at Le Mans, offering us a show worthy of his talent. See you next year on the circuit. The G-TRUCK TOP TRUCK team # 24hduMans #CircuitBugatti TEAM ROBINEAU - 20 YEARS OF RECIPROCAL LOYALTY The 6th edition of the Grand Prix Camions du Castellet, organized on the Paul Ricard circuit on 18 and ... More than 200 Truck sites! The G-TRUCK / TOP TRUCK network is: G-TRUCK Parts & Services Catalog All G-TRUCK ranges & know-how in over 250 pages! 1 2 3 NEWS News SOLUTRANS | NEW STAND FOR A NEW DEPARTURE For its 15th edition, the SOLUTRANS show once again welcomed road and urban transport professionals at Lyon-Eurexpo, from November 19 to 23. The opportunity for our network to present our brand new stand, resolutely business oriented! SOLUTRANS is always a hit: no less than 900 exhibitors were present this year to welcome more than 50,000 visitors. A record! The world of the room, an art? The G-TRUCK TOP TRUCK team thus imagined a singular staging with, on the one hand, colored spare parts, exposed in the manner of an art work. "We are" puddles "and should not be ashamed of them! On the contrary, we have to show that we can have the right part at the right time, in the right place and at the right price ”, explains Jean-François Bernard (director of the PL network). On the other side, a series of black and white hanging, highlighting several emblematic actions of the workshop: welding, gearbox “Through our know-how, we want to enhance the human. Our field teams are doing everything possible to reduce vehicle downtime, in the best way. This maintenance expertise cannot be improvised, and we are proud to let you know! “, Continues the Director of PL Networks. Positive emulation that convinced the R.E.V.S. (TECHNI-FREINS distributor), in Yvrac (33), to join the network. Welcome Frédéric DELPIT and thank you for his trust! Read more >> News WHY BECOME TOP TRUCK? The 6 Good Reasons to become TOP TRUCK Read more >> News 24H of Le Mans Camions 2019 On September 28-29, the 24H of Le Mans Trucks took place. Nearly 60,000 visitors came to live this weekend punctuated by parades, exhibitions, fireworks. A historic attendance record! On the racing side, Thomas Robineau finished second in this weekend at Le Mans, offering us a show worthy of his talent. The whole G-TRUCK TOP TRUCK team wanted to thank its members as well as their customers for their presence during this sports weekend; without forgetting their partners for their participation, both on the supplier forum and on the championship of France for the best Heavy Truck Workshop, which once again took place this year live on the circuit. We look forward to seeing you next year at Le Castellet! # 24H of Le Mans #TeamRobineau # G-TRUCK TOP TRUCK Read more >> [+] More news Leader group of spare parts distributors for light and utility vehicles and heavy goods vehicles G-TRUCK, is a network of spare parts distributors for trucks and utility vehicles. : Supply for professionals of original spare parts, workshop equipment and tools, maintenance and repair center for multi-brand and multi-service heavy goods vehicles. TOP TRUCK is our multi-brand and multi-service repair and maintenance brand for HGVs and LCVs. Free call from a landline Realization: ArkoNet | Copyright GROUPAUTO 2011-2020 | Legal notices | Site map By clicking on the "OK" button, you accept the use of cookies to allow you to benefit from the services offered by www.top-truck.fr and to generate visit statistics. Find out more. OK