Autoservice Mirzoev - auto-service-berlin.de - Inh. Djavad Mirzoev - Imprint Home Motor wash Smart repair paint + dents Tire service Automotive electronics Repairs Contact Imprint Imprint Disclaimer | Data protection In accordance with §28 BDSG, we object to any commercial use and any other disclosure and other publication of the data below. According to §5 Teledienstegesetz -TDG - the Federal Republic of Germany: Publisher: Autoservice Mirzoev Residenzstraße 29 · 13409 Berlin Responsible and authorized to represent: Djavad Mirzoev Contact: Tel: + 49- (0) 30-498 720 57 E-Mail: info [ad] auto -service-berlin [dot] de Web: www.auto-service-berlin.de www.autoservice-mirzoev.de Tax number: 17/445/63125 Chamber of Crafts Berlin: Company number: 0089346 Disclaimer 1. Contents of the online offer Autoservice Mirzoev assumes no liability for the topicality, correctness, completeness or quality of the information provided. Liability claims against Autoservice Mirzoev, which refer to material or immaterial damage caused by the use or non-use of the information provided or by the use of incorrect and incomplete information, are fundamentally excluded, provided that Autoservice Mirzoev is not demonstrably deliberate or grossly negligent is present. All offers are non-binding. Autoservice Mirzoev expressly reserves the right to change, supplement or delete parts of the pages or the entire offer without separate announcement, or to temporarily or permanently cease publication. 2. References and links In the case of direct or indirect references to external websites ("links") that are outside the area of ​​responsibility of Autoservice Mirzoev, Autoservice Mirzoev expressly declares that at the time the links were created, the corresponding linked pages were free of illegal content. Autoservice Mirzoev has no influence on the current and future design and on the content of the linked pages. Therefore, it hereby expressly distances itself from all content of all linked / connected pages that were changed after the link was created. This statement applies to all links and references within our own website as well as to third-party entries. For illegal, incorrect or incomplete content and in particular for damage resulting from the use or non-use of information provided in this way, the provider of the page to which reference is made is solely liable, not the one who merely refers to the respective publication via links. 3. Copyright and trademark law Autoservice Mirzoev endeavors to observe the copyrights of the graphics and texts used in all publications, to use graphics and texts created by us, or to use license-free graphics and texts. All brands and trademarks mentioned on the website and possibly protected by third parties are subject without restriction to the provisions of the applicable trademark law and the ownership rights of the respective registered owner. The mere mention does not mean that trademarks are not protected by the rights of third parties! The copyright for published objects created by Autoservice Mirzoev remains solely with Autoservice Mirzoev. Any duplication or use of objects such as graphics, sound documents, video sequences and texts in other electronic or printed publications is not permitted without the express consent of Autoservice Mirzoev. 4. Legal validity of this disclaimer This disclaimer is to be regarded as part of the internet publication which you were referred from. If parts or individual formulations of this text should not, no longer or not completely comply with the applicable legal situation, the remaining parts of the document remain unaffected in their content and validity.