Mekonomen Bilverkstad Tygelsjö, Tygelsjövägen 87 / Tygelsjö Däck o Bil AB - Shop & Car Workshop - Mekonomen - Car spare parts auto parts & car service online & in-store Shopping cart Your shopping cart is empty Toggle navigation Book time to your Mekonomen Car Workshop! Here in the workshop we service and repair basically all car brands, new and old. Our mechanics and car technicians combine experience and accumulated know-how with modern technology and IT. You are always welcome here! When you come to us, we are happy to share our best tips and advice on how to take care of your car. If you service your car with us, you will always receive at least a 3-year warranty on the spare parts and a stamp in the service book that will keep your car its value. The service also includes a one-year roadside assistance, which means that you get help in, for example, puncture, petrol stop or engine failure. Even you who have a new car with factory guarantee can safely leave it in our hands. We want you to feel safe and satisfied with your your car, so come in and ask us if you need help! BOOK TIME We offer services such as A5FDA4F5-D28C-E311-A363-005056A206A8 News from Mekonomen Questions & Answers Does the new car warranty apply to a Mekonomen workshop? Yes. In the workshop, cars of all makes, new and old, are serviced and repaired. Since Mekonomen always uses parts of the same original parts quality and follows the car manufacturer's service recommendations, your new car warranty applies. Your service book is stamped with Mekonomen Bilverkstad which gives you security and a lasting value for your car. You also get a full 3 year warranty on the spare parts. What applies to warranty repairs? It is the car dealer that will fix any warranty repairs that occur during the car's warranty period. This is the responsibility of branded workshops and at the same time this is the only thing they have exclusive rights to. What is the difference between service and repair? Service means maintaining and securing the car's function. However, repair simply means fixing something that doesn't work. Do I get a stamp in the service book at Mekonomen? Of course, just make sure it is available in the car when you hand it in. Many of our workshops also fill in your digital service book, listen to what is right for your workshop. What is a spare part? The EU has defined a spare part as a product (of the same quality as the original) to be mounted in or on a motor vehicle to replace components necessary for the use of the same, exempt fuel. What does your price guarantee mean? Our price guarantee means we give you double the difference in price reduction if you find a cheaper service or repair alternative - at regular price - at a branded workshop. Mekonomen Price guarantee applies when you make a reservation for service or repair on your car at Mekonomen Direkt or at your workshop and at the same time (or later, however before the work begins) can show us that you have been offered a lower total price for comparable service or repair in the latest 30 days at a branded workshop in the same place. Mekonomen Price guarantee applies when parts of Mekonomen's regular range are used. Tire, glass, sheet metal and plastic work are not covered by the price guarantee. Do I always get a written cost proposal in the workshop? Yes, we provide you with a written cost estimate on the repair in accordance with the Motor Industry and Controlled Car Workshop regulations. Opening hours Monday: 08:00 - 17:00 Tuesday: 08:00 - 17:00 Wednesday: 08:00 - 17:00 Thursday: 08:00 - 17:00 Friday: 08:00 - 17:00 Saturday: Closed Sunday : Closed Contact us Mekonomen Bilverkstad Tygelsjö, Tygelsjövägen 87 / Tygelsjö Tires o Bil AB 040-44 36 00 Tygelsjo@mekonomenbilverkstad.se Find us Tygelsjövägen 87, 218 74 Tygelsjö Show driving directions Current situation because of the current situation now a little longer delivery time, about 5-10 working days. Thanks for your patience! Always free shipping! Always free shipping on delivery to our stores or agents. We also have generous return terms. Always comfortable! Shop spare parts and car parts online at your convenience. If you are also a member you get a 10% discount on car accessories. Always guarantee! Up to 5 years warranty on ProMeister brand spare parts. The market's best warranty terms for spare parts. Make your purchase safely and securely About us About Mekonomen Working at Mekonomen Contact Mekonomen Brands at Mekonomen Environmental policy Customer with us Webshop Workshops Stores Membership and Mekonomenkort Handling of personal data Car insurance Mekonomen Fleet corporate customers Our car service Bv Möonomen Bv Complaints and complaints Questions about products? Questions about workshops? Start a workshop Become a Mekonomen Workshop Current Price Guarantee Road Assistance ProMeister Online Magazine Mekonomen TV Facebook Instagram YouTube Mekonomen Direct 0771-72 00 00 © Mekonomen Group AB 2015 | About Cookies Close At Mekonomen, certain data is stored in cookies to give you a better experience. By using this site you agree to this. Read more here. Okay, I understand