Cookies - Mekonomen - Car spare parts car parts & car service online & in store Shopping cart Your shopping cart Your shopping cart is empty Toggle navigation Book time Webshop Shop & Auto Repair Customer Service You are here: Home ›Cookies Cookies Cookies and similar technologies We use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies ( commonly called "cookies") to enhance your experience with us. We use cookies on our website and in our web services. Here we explain how we use cookies and what choices you can make regarding our cookies. What are cookies? Cookies are small text files consisting of letters and numbers. These are sent from Mekonomen's or our partners' web servers and stored on your device as below. We use a variety of cookies: · Session cookies are a temporary cookie that expires when you close your browser or app. · Durable cookies are cookies that remain on your computer until you remove them or they expire. · First-party cookies are cookies set by the website you visit. · Third-party cookies are cookies set by a third-party site. · Web beacons are small transparent graphic images that can be found in emails we send to you. · Similar technologies are technologies that store information in your browser or device in a manner similar to cookies and web beacons. Why do we use cookies? The cookies we use usually improve the services we offer you. Generally speaking, we categorize our cookies and their use as follows: Necessary cookies are absolutely necessary to be able to offer our basic services, eg. our payment options or our customer portal. Our services would not work without these cookies. Analysis Cookies provides comprehensive analytical information regarding your use of our services. Feature cookies allow us to save settings such as language selection or whether we need to fulfill your information or not. Without these types of cookies we would not be able to tailor our services to your wishes. Security cookies make our services and your data safe and secure by helping us detect fraud and protect your data. Since this is an essential part of our services, these cookies are necessary. Advertising cookies enable us to direct relevant marketing to you. How can you control Mekonomen's use of cookies? Your browser or device usually allows you to change the settings for the use and extent of cookies. Go to your browser or device settings to learn more about how to adjust your cookie settings. For example, you can choose to block all cookies, only accept first-party cookies, or delete cookies when you close your browser. Please note that some of our services may not work if you block or delete cookies. Current situation Due to the current situation, we currently have a little longer delivery time, about 5-10 working days. Thanks for your patience! Always free shipping! Always free shipping on delivery to our stores or agents. We also have generous return terms. Always comfortable! Shop spare parts and car parts online at your convenience. If you are also a member you get a 10% discount on car accessories. Always guarantee! Up to 5 years warranty on ProMeister brand spare parts. The market's best warranty terms for spare parts. Make your purchase safely and securely About us About Mekonomen Working at Mekonomen Contact Mekonomen Brands at Mekonomen Environmental policy Customer with us Webshop Workshops Stores Membership and Mekonomenkort Handling of personal data Car insurance Mekonomen Fleet corporate customers Our car service Bv Möonomen Bv Complaints and complaints Questions about products? Questions about workshops? Start a workshop Become a Mekonomen Workshop Current Price Guarantee Road Assistance ProMeister Online Magazine Mekonomen TV Facebook Instagram YouTube Mekonomen Direct 0771-72 00 00 © Mekonomen Group AB 2015 | About Cookies Close At Mekonomen, certain data is stored in cookies to give you a better experience. By using this site you agree to this. Read more here. Okay, I understand