Register as a member - Membership and Mekonomenkort - Customer with us - Mekonomen - Car spare parts car parts & car service online & in store Shopping cart Your shopping cart Your shopping cart is empty Toggle navigation Book time Webshop Butik & Bilverkstad Customer service You are here: Home ›Customer service› Membership and Mekonomenkort ›Register as a member Register as a member Membership and Mekonomenkort Register as a member Part payment Apply for payment cards Terms for payment cards Personal data FAQ Mekonomen's membership Terminate membership Register as a member A Mekonomen membership gives you a number of benefits .. for example, always 10% discount on accessories * - no matter in which Mekonomen store you shop (of course you also get the discount in our webshop). You also get to enjoy exclusive offers and invitations to our annual customer evenings. Membership is free and you can register directly here at mekonomen.se or at your next visit to your Mekonomen store. You confirm your membership, in store or on the web, via your social security number. So we do not send you a physical card. * Applies to stocked accessories in Mekonomen stores and accessories at mekonomen.se. Cannot be combined with other discounts or offers. How we process your personal information We protect your privacy and always strive to protect your personal information in the best possible way. Why do we process personal data? We process your personal information in order to be able to offer you member discounts, create personal and general offers for you as a member and to be able to send you personalized news and inspiration. In order to keep the information relevant to you, we will continuously, via external personal and vehicle registers, ensure correct and updated information. The treatment is necessary to fulfill our agreement to manage your membership and to provide you with relevant offers. What information is being processed? The personal details that are processed are names, contact details, registration number for your car, information about your vehicle and your social security number. We need your social security number in order to maintain accurate information about you and to offer you a cardless membership. How long is the data stored? We save this information until the membership is terminated alternatively after inactivity for a period of 36 months. If you want to know more about how we process your personal data, read more here Membership and Mekonomenkort Register as a member -10 working days. Thanks for your patience! Always free shipping! Always free shipping on delivery to our stores or agents. We also have generous return terms. Always comfortable! Shop spare parts and car parts online at your convenience. If you are also a member you get a 10% discount on car accessories. Always guarantee! Up to 5 years warranty on ProMeister brand spare parts. The market's best warranty terms for spare parts. Make your purchase safely and securely About us About Mekonomen Working at Mekonomen Contact Mekonomen Brands at Mekonomen Environmental policy Customer with us Webshop Workshops Stores Membership and Mekonomenkort Handling of personal data Car insurance Mekonomen Fleet corporate customers Our car service Bv Möonomen Bv Complaints and complaints Questions about products? Questions about workshops? Start a workshop Become a Mekonomen Workshop Current Price Guarantee Road Assistance ProMeister Online Magazine Mekonomen TV Facebook Instagram YouTube Mekonomen Direct 0771-72 00 00 © Mekonomen Group AB 2015 | About Cookies Close At Mekonomen, certain data is stored in cookies to give you a better experience. By using this site you agree to this. Read more here. Okay, I understand