Price guarantee - Workshops - Customer with us - Mekonomen - Car spare parts car parts & car service online & in store Shopping cart Your shopping cart Your shopping cart is empty Toggle navigation Book time Webshop Shop & Bilverkstad Customer service You are here: Home ›Customers› Workshops ›Price guarantee Price guarantee Workshop We welcomes all cars Our customer promises Assistance insurance Price guarantee Tire change Tire hotel AC repair Cam strap extinguisher Extinguish 2: or Replacement of shock absorber Tips for your workshop visit Service and repair agreement Find workshop Book time in workshop Our car repair shops in Sweden Mekonomen price guarantee We double the price guarantee. We at Mekonomen want to give you as a customer the best possible price for service and repairs - no matter what car you have. Therefore, we offer a price guarantee which means we give you double the difference in price reduction if you find a cheaper service or repair alternative - at regular price - at a branded workshop. To Price Direct Full terms Mekonomen Price guarantee applies when you make a reservation of service or repair on your car at Mekonomen Direkt or at your Mekonomen-affiliated workshop and at the same time (or later, but at the latest before work begins) can show us that you have been offered a lower total price of comparable service and / or repair at a branded repair shop in the same or nearby location. By comparison is meant the same service / repair scope and the same type / number of spare parts. In order to obtain the price guarantee, a valid quotation, max. 30 days old, must be presented from the branded workshop in the same / nearby place where it is clearly stated ordinary prices with specified material and labor costs as well as the associated service protocol to which the service relates. Mekonomen Price guarantee cannot be combined or used together with Mekonomen's or branded workshops' other offers (eg discounts, promotions or similar). The Mekonomen Price Guarantee only applies to the general ordinary prices of branded workshops which are not discounted in any other way, nor to unpublished prices or any special agreements (eg group, fleet, association agreements or similar). The concept of a branded workshop means an authorized workshop by the vehicle manufacturer's organization. Mekonomen Price guarantee applies when parts of Mekonomen's regular range are used. Tire, glass, sheet metal and plastic work are not covered by the price guarantee. Workshops We welcome all carsOur customer promisesAssistance insurancePrice Guarantee Tire changeDeck hotelAC repairCam strap replacementLeak 2: change of shock absorberTips prior to your workshop visitService and repair contractHit workshop situationBy working time in Sweden Thanks for your patience! Always free shipping! Always free shipping on delivery to our stores or agents. We also have generous return terms. Always comfortable! Shop spare parts and car parts online at your convenience. If you are also a member you get a 10% discount on car accessories. Always guarantee! Up to 5 years warranty on ProMeister brand spare parts. The market's best warranty terms for spare parts. Make your purchase safely and securely About us About Mekonomen Working at Mekonomen Contact Mekonomen Brands at Mekonomen Environmental policy Customer with us Webshop Workshops Stores Membership and Mekonomenkort Handling of personal data Car insurance Mekonomen Fleet corporate customers Our car service Bv Möonomen Bv Complaints and complaints Questions about products? Questions about workshops? Start a workshop Become a Mekonomen Workshop Current Price Guarantee Road Assistance ProMeister Online Magazine Mekonomen TV Facebook Instagram YouTube Mekonomen Direct 0771-72 00 00 © Mekonomen Group AB 2015 | About Cookies Close At Mekonomen, certain data is stored in cookies to give you a better experience. By using this site you agree to this. Read more here. Okay, I understand