Fellyfix • Smart Repair Center Hamburg damage hotline (040) 88 23 73 63 Home Services Example damage Team Contact The Fellyfix 24 hour rim repair is the ideal solution to restore the visual appearance of your aluminum rim - now also for polished rims ... more info The Fellyfix paint repair is the best way to repair small paint damage to your car professionally and sustainably. The idea, we repair / paint the damage and not ... more info Fellyfix dent removal is the most cost-effective way to remove dents from your vehicle body. Where you used to have to paint due to a dent, today ... more info BEFORE AFTER BEFORE AFTER BEFORE AFTER BEFORE AFTER Our passion is the car. This also leads to Fellyfix's aspiration and philosophy to make old and new vehicles of all classes shine in new splendor - this is what the competent Fellyfix team stands for. Each employee is a specialist in his field, which results in the wide range of skills and experience in the field of smart repair. The core competence of Fellyfix lies in the repair of rims, targeted paint repairs and effective removal of dents and dents. Let our experts inspect your vehicle competently, without obligation - our team is also looking forward to your vehicle. Martin on rim preparation >> New aluminum rims are usually quite expensive. Thanks to our special rim preparation, the visual appearance of the rim is restored and looks like new again << Niklas on paint jobs >> Small scratches in the paint are annoying and happen relatively quickly. A targeted and partial painting of the paint will remove the paint damage cost-effectively and effectively << Andreas on repairing dents >> Whether bonnet, doors or fenders, these repairs are always quite complex. With the Smart Repair dent removal, the dent is quickly and sustainably worked out << Mirko on Smart Repair >> Fellyfix Smart Repair Service offers our customers, through targeted repair and repair of the damage, a high saving compared to regular workshop costs and expensive spare parts << Look Just drop by at Hamburg Nedderfeld, Offakamp 9c and have your damage assessed in an uncomplicated and non-binding manner by one of our competent employees. After the assessment, you will immediately receive a non-binding offer for your vehicle damage. Our office hours: Monday - Friday from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Fellyfix Smart Repair Service in the Meistermeile Offakamp 9c 22529 Hamburg anfrage@fellyfix.de Fon (040) 88 23 73 63Fax (040) 88 23 73 62 Your damage report was successfully transmitted. Please use a REAL email address so that we can get back to you. Imprint | Data protection Copyright © 2020 Fellyfix • Smart Repair Center Hamburg. All rights reserved. Designed by JoomlArt.com. Joomla! is free software released under the GNU / GPL license. Powered by T3 Framework and WebIT-Service