Fellyfix • Smart Repair Center Hamburg damage hotline (040) 88 23 73 63 Home Services Example damage Team Contact Data protection The responsible body in terms of data protection laws, in particular the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), is: Fellyfix GmbH Offakamp 7-9 22529 Hamburg Your rights as a data subject You can exercise the following rights at any time using the contact details provided by our data protection officer: information about your data stored with us and their processing, correction of incorrect personal data, deletion of your data stored with us, restriction of data processing, provided that we have not yet deleted your data due to legal obligations Objection to the processing of your data by us and data portability, provided that you have consented to the data processing or have concluded a contract with us. If you have given us your consent, you can revoke it at any time with future effect. You can contact the supervisory authority responsible for you at any time with a complaint. The competent supervisory authority depends on the state of your place of residence, your work or the alleged violation. A list of the supervisory authorities (for the non-public area) with address can be found at: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html. Purposes of data processing by the responsible body and third parties We only process your personal data for the purposes stated in this data protection declaration. Your personal data will not be passed on to third parties for purposes other than those mentioned. We only pass on your personal data to third parties if: you have given your express consent, the processing is necessary to process a contract with you, the processing is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation, the processing is necessary to protect legitimate interests and there is no reason to assume that you have an overriding legitimate interest in not disclosing your data. Deletion or blocking of data We adhere to the principles of data avoidance and data economy. We therefore only store your personal data for as long as is necessary to achieve the purposes mentioned here or for the various storage periods provided for by law. After the respective purpose ceases to exist or these deadlines have expired, the corresponding data will be routinely blocked or deleted in accordance with the statutory provisions. Collection of general information when visiting our website When you access our website, information of a general nature is automatically collected by means of a cookie. This information (server log files) includes, for example, the type of web browser, the operating system used, the domain name of your Internet service provider and the like. This is exclusively information that does not allow any conclusions to be drawn about your person. This information is technically necessary in order to correctly deliver the content of websites you have requested and is mandatory when using the Internet. They are processed in particular for the following purposes: ensuring a problem-free connection to the website, ensuring smooth use of our website, evaluating system security and stability as well as for other administrative purposes. The processing of your personal data is based on our legitimate interest for the aforementioned purposes for data collection. We do not use your data to draw conclusions about you personally. The recipient of the data is only the responsible body and, if applicable, the processor. We may statistically evaluate anonymous information of this type in order to optimize our website and the technology behind it. Cookies Like many other websites, we also use so-called "cookies". Cookies are small text files that are transferred from a website server to your hard drive. This automatically gives us certain data, such as B. IP address, browser used, operating system and your connection to the Internet. Cookies cannot be used to start programs or transfer viruses to a computer. Based on the information contained in cookies, we can make navigation easier for you and enable our websites to be displayed correctly. Under no circumstances will the data we collect be passed on to third parties or linked to personal data without your consent. Of course, you can of course also view our website without cookies. Internet browsers are regularly set to accept cookies. In general, you can deactivate the use of cookies at any time via the settings of your browser. Please use the help functions of your internet browser to find out how you can change these settings. Please note that individual functions of our website may not work if you have deactivated the use of cookies. Contact form If you have any questions about us by email or contact form, please give us your voluntary consent for the purpose of contacting us. For this, a valid email address is required. This is used to assign the request and then answer it. The specification of further data is optional. The information you provide will be stored for the purpose of processing the request and for possible follow-up questions. Personal data will be automatically deleted after your request has been dealt with. Use of Google Analytics This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (hereinafter: Google). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", which are text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Due to the activation of IP anonymization on these websites, your IP address will be shortened beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The full IP address will only be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website and internet usage to the website operator. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. The purpose of data processing is to evaluate the use of the website and to compile reports on activities on the website. Based on the use of the website and the Internet, other related services are then to be provided. The processing is based on the legitimate interest of the website operator. You can prevent the storage of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading the browser plug-in available under the following link and install: Browser add on to deactivate Google Analytics. In addition or as an alternative to the browser add-on, you can prevent tracking by Google Analytics on our website by clicking this link. An opt-out cookie will be installed on your device. This will prevent Google Analytics from collecting data for this website and this browser in the future as long as the cookie remains installed in your browser. Use of script libraries (Google Webfonts) In order to present our content correctly and graphically appealing across browsers, we use script libraries and font libraries such as B. Google Webfonts (https://www.google.com/webfonts/). Google web fonts are transferred to your browser's cache to avoid multiple loading. If the browser does not support Google Webfonts or prevents access, content is displayed in a standard font. Calling script libraries or font libraries automatically triggers a connection to the operator of the library. It is theoretically possible - but currently also unclear whether and if so for what purposes - that operators of corresponding libraries collect data. The data protection guideline of the library operator Google can be found here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ Use of Google Maps This website uses Google Maps API to visually display geographic information. When using Google Maps, Google also collects, processes and uses data about the use of map functions by visitors. You can find more information about data processing by Google in the Google data protection information. There you can also change your personal data protection settings in the data protection center. You can find detailed instructions on how to manage your own data in connection with Google products here. Embedded YouTube videos We embed YouTube videos on some of our websites. The corresponding plugins are operated by YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. When you visit a page with the YouTube plugin, a connection to YouTube servers is established. YouTube is informed which pages you visit. If you are logged into your YouTube account, YouTube can assign your surfing behavior to you personally. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account beforehand. If a YouTube video is started, the provider uses cookies that collect information about user behavior. If you have deactivated the storage of cookies for the Google ad program, you will not have to expect such cookies when watching YouTube videos. However, YouTube also stores non-personal usage information in other cookies. If you want to prevent this, you must block the storage of cookies in the browser. Further information on data protection at "YouTube" can be found in the provider's data protection declaration at: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/ Google AdWords Our website uses Google Conversion Tracking. If you have reached our website via an advertisement placed by Google, Google Adwords will set a cookie on your computer. The cookie for conversion tracking is set when a user clicks on an advertisement placed by Google. These cookies lose their validity after 30 days and are not used for personal identification. If the user visits certain pages of our website and the cookie has not yet expired, we and Google can recognize that the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to this page. Every Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie. Cookies cannot therefore be tracked via the websites of AdWords customers. The information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers learn the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, you will not receive any information that can be used to personally identify users. If you do not want to participate in the tracking, you can refuse the setting of a cookie required for this - for example via a browser setting that generally deactivates the automatic setting of cookies or set your browser so that cookies from the domain "googleleadservices.com" are blocked. Please note that you must not delete the opt-out cookies as long as you do not want measurement data to be recorded. If you have deleted all your cookies in the browser, you must set the respective opt-out cookie again. Use of Google Remarketing This website uses the remarketing function of Google Inc. The function serves to present website visitors within the Google advertising network with interest-related advertisements. A so-called "cookie" is saved in the browser of the website visitor, which makes it possible to recognize the visitor when he or she visits websites that belong to the Google advertising network. On these pages, advertisements can be presented to the visitor that relate to content that the visitor has previously accessed on websites that use the remarketing function of Google. According to its own information, Google does not collect any personal data in this process. If you still do not want Google's remarketing function, you can always deactivate it by making the appropriate settings at http://www.google.com/settings/ads. Alternatively, you can deactivate the use of cookies for interest-based advertising via the advertising network initiative by following the instructions at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. Changes to our data protection regulations We reserve the right to adapt this data protection declaration so that it always corresponds to the current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the data protection declaration, e.g. when introducing new services. The new data protection declaration then applies to your next visit. Questions to the data protection officer If you have any questions about data protection, please send us an e-mail or contact the person responsible for data protection in our organization: Fellyfix GmbH Offakamp 7-9 22529 Hamburg Tel: 040 - 88 23 73 63 E-MAIL: This email address is being protected from spambots. To display JavaScript must be turned on! The data protection declaration was created with the data protection declaration generator of activeMind AG. Copyright © 2020 Fellyfix • Smart Repair Center Hamburg. All rights reserved. Designed by JoomlArt.com. Joomla! is free software released under the GNU / GPL license. Powered by T3 Framework and WebIT-Service