Nokian Finnish Tire (winter) - Bollon Pneus Connection Contact us Call us at: 04.79.88.17.73 Basket Your articles No product 0.00 € Total Order Product successfully added to the basket Quantity Total There are products in your basket with fixtures included. There is 1 product in your cart. Total products (tax incl.) Total (tax incl.) Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Search Categories TiresWheelsReferenceHow to read a tireCanadian Cooper tire (summer) Nokian Finnish tire (summer) Swedish Gislaved tire (summer) Winter and safety tireCanadian Cooper tire (winter) Nokian Finnish tire (winter) Swedish Gislaved tire (winter) PartnersGarage partnersRecycling EnvironmentTiresAlloy rimsShock absorbers and exhaustsFiltration, Bearings and special lubricants 4x4 equipment Contact> Advice> Nokian Finnish tire (winter) Forget the forecasts The first Premium winter tire in the world for passenger cars which offers the best grip on wet surfaces, rated A for labeling EU tires in many sizes. The Nokian WR D4 is a champion of grip: its unparalleled innovations allow safe and balanced driving on wet and snowy roads. EXCEPTIONAL ADHESION ALSO GOOD IN THE WET, THE DRY AS THE SNOW ROADS EXTREMELY STABLE AND BALANCED DRIVING EXPERIENCE EFFICIENT PREVENTION OF AQUAPLANAGE AND AQUAPLANAGE ON MELTED SNOW The world's first winter tire in Class A in wet grip For the first time, a real winter tire can also successfully tackle the challenges of wet roads: melted snow and water. In many sizes, the Nokian WR D4 reach the pinnacle of EU tire labeling: Class A. For the driver, this means a difference in braking distance of more than 18 meters More winter grip, a better feeling of control Each block of rubber and each strip in the directional structures has a shape and a very precise role which are felt in the excellent characteristics of adhesion and maneuverability. Controlled maneuverability The central area is dominated by an imposing and solid central rib. The large central ribs do not extend over the entire width, which improves precision and promotes controlled handling. Precise grip, excellent wear resistance, low fuel consumption The unique distribution of the particles contained in the Nokian Twin Trac Silica gum mixture, which contains natural rubber, silica and shuttle oil, guarantees maximum grip on snowy and wet roads. Categories Tires Rims Company BOLLON Tires For 25 years, Bollon Tires has been the specialist in Scandinavian tires with the Gislaved & Nokian brands. Information Legal notices Contacts BOLLON Aix - Drumettaz 44, avenue du GolfF-73420 Drumettaz-Clarafond Tel .: 04.79.88.17. 73Copyright 2018 Created by Noovéo / Neptune Facebook Google + Newsletter Ok Subscribe Unsubscribe You can unsubscribe whenever you want