individuals - Bollon Pneus Connection Contact us Call us at: 04.79.88.17.73 Basket Your items No product 0.00 € Total Order Product successfully added to your basket Quantity Total There are products in your basket with assemblies included. There is 1 product in your cart. Total products (tax incl.) Total (tax incl.) Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Search Categories TiresWheelsReferenceHow to read a tireCanadian Cooper tire (summer) Nokian Finnish tire (summer) Swedish Gislaved tire (summer) Winter and safety tireCanadian Cooper tire (winter) Nokian Finnish tire (winter) Swedish Gislaved tire (winter) PartnersGarages partnersRecycling EnvironmentTiresAlloy rimsShock absorbers and exhaustsFiltration, Bearings and special lubricants 4x4 equipment Contact> individuals Maintenance Auto and services to individuals on 2 Savoys: Annecy, Aix-les-Bains and Chambéry AIR CONDITIONING PACKAGE: € 59 INCLUDING WHAT ARE THE SIGNS SHOULD YOU ALERT YOU ON THE CONDITION OF YOUR AIR CONDITIONING? You have trouble getting cold, even at full power. The waiting time to obtain the desired temperature is long. The air coming out of the air vents seems humid and warm. A moldy odor spreads through the interior when you turn on your air conditioning. The fogging persists on the windows when you put on the demister. > We recommend: Air conditioning recharging, which consists of adding refrigerant. Replacement of the cabin filter (called pollen filter) every 2 years on average. However, if you live in the city, it is every year. How to preserve your air conditioning: Use your air conditioning all year round, summer and winter! Do not leave your air conditioning without working for weeks (a few minutes a day is enough) Indeed, regular use avoids many problems. REVISION PACKAGE with the PRESERVED MANUFACTURER GUARANTEE: from 39.90 to 89.90 € INCL. ENGINE OIL Engine oil lubricates, cools, cleans, and protects the engine of your vehicle. But over time, it degrades and loses its properties due to the high pressures and temperatures to which it is subjected. Your engine ends up being less well protected, it becomes less efficient. We drain the engine of your car by following the manufacturer's recommendations with oils approved by PEUGEOT, CITROEN, RENAULT, VW etc ... and we offer a wide range of engine oil (mineral, semi-synthetic and synthetic ). If necessary we replace the engine oil filter, air filter and the fuel filter. The engine of your car must be changed at least once a year according to the manufacturers recommendations, the type of oil used and the number of kilometers traveled. We also ensure the reset of the edge counters. BRAKING PACKAGE: from 23 to 59 € incl. VAT (excluding supplies) THE PADS The brake pads must be changed when the minimum thickness is 2mm, or approximately every 30,000 km depending on your driving style. Bad brake pads can wear the discs prematurely. THE DISCS The brake discs are particularly stressed during braking since the brake pads rub on the discs. As soon as they reach their minimum thickness defined by the manufacturer, they must be replaced; depending on your use between 50 and 60,000 kilometers. THE JAWS The brake shoe kit after removing the drum, it must be checked and dusted every 30,000 kms. The replacement of the brake shoes and cylinders must always be in pairs and this intervention is essential from the brake fluid leaks from the wheel cylinder. THE BRAKE FLUID The brake fluid must be completely replaced every 2 years or every 40,000 kms as recommended by the manufacturers. Measuring the boiling point (<200 ° C) of the brake fluid may require premature replacement depending on the driving conditions. We also replace the brakes on vehicles fitted with an electrical system (vehicles put into service after 2007). SHOCK ABSORBER PACKAGE: from 41 to 73 € incl. VAT (excluding supplies) SHOCK ABSORBERS The shock absorbers slow down the rebound effects of the suspensions and guarantee good road holding. Failure of the shock absorbers increases braking distances, affects handling, and increases the risk of aquaplaning your vehicle. To reduce these risks, we advise you to check the auto shock absorbers every 80,000 to 100,000 km. Since January 1, 2008, shock absorbers with oil leaks are considered defective by Technical Inspection and must be replaced with obligation to pass a counter visit. ASSEMBLY-BALANCING PACKAGES: from 13 to 20 € incl. Tax (depending on vehicle) Including: Removal and installation of the wheel / disassembly and reassembly Brushing of the bearing faces / balancing of the wheel. Visual control of the geometry / replacement of the valve / inflation at the right pressure. We also replace pressure sensor valves (TPMS valves). REPAIR PACKAGE: from € 15 to € 30 incl. Tax (depending on vehicle) Including: Removing and installing the wheel / dismantling Remounting (unless the tire is HS) In which case can I have a tire repaired? tire when the damage is located on the tread. (the sidewalls and the shoulder do not repair) and if the tire has not run flat. How we proceed: Thorough cleaning and inspection of the puncture and the interior of the tire. Preparation by boring of the perforation. Dissolution of the gum. Installation of a special piece called "mushroom" which closes the perforation and strengthens the carcass. Tire pressure test. GEOMETRY or PARALLELISM PACKAGES: from 63 to 80 € incl. from the manufacturer. A well-adjusted geometry increases the life of your tires and protects the mechanical parts. What warning signs? Your tires wear faster and irregularly. The handling of your vehicle is random. Your car "pulls" to the right or to the left for no apparent reason. Your steering wheel is no longer straight. Categories Tires Rims Company BOLLON Tires For 25 years, Bollon Tires has been the specialist in Scandinavian tires with the Gislaved & Nokian brands. Information Legal notices Contacts BOLLON Aix - Drumettaz 44, avenue du GolfF-73420 Drumettaz-Clarafond Tel .: 04.79.88.17. 73Copyright 2018 Created by Noovéo / Neptune Facebook Google + Newsletter Ok Subscribe Unsubscribe You can unsubscribe whenever you want