Swedish tire Gislaved (summer) - Bollon Pneus Connection Contact us Call us at: 04.79.88.17.73 Basket Your articles No product 0.00 € Total Order Product successfully added to the basket Quantity Total There are products in your basket with fixtures included. There is 1 product in your cart. Total products (tax incl.) Total (tax incl.) Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Search Categories TiresWheelsReferenceHow to read a tireCanadian Cooper tire (summer) Nokian Finnish tire (summer) Swedish Gislaved tire (summer) Winter and safety tireCanadian Cooper tire (winter) Nokian Finnish tire (winter) Swedish Gislaved tire (winter) PartnersGarage partnersRecycling EnvironmentTiresAlloy rimsShock absorbers and exhaustsFiltration, Bearings and special lubricants 4x4 equipment Contact> Advice> Swedish Gislaved tire (summer) Main characteristics of the GISLAVED Ultra Speed ​​tire: Silence and driving comfort Very good grip and optimal braking distance Uniform wear The ideal tire for the passenger car The GISLAVED ULTRA SPEED tire is a quiet and comfortable tire, developed in collaboration with the manufacturer CONTINENTAL. This tire offers excellent levels of stability, which translates into exceptional maneuverability, both on dry roads and on wet surfaces. Uniform pressure and low air flow, combined with asymmetrical grooves, ensure optimum grip and stopping distance. The fine grooves on the tread with an optimal depth also allow the tire to be more energy efficient. In addition, the wear of the tire is perfectly uniform. Offering a low noise level thanks to its sculpture with a large and elegant pattern as well as its longitudinal grooves, the ULTRA SPEED tire is the ideal choice. About GISLAVED High quality, reliability and innovation characterize the Swedish tradition. It is with this heritage that Gislaved has built its solid reputation for quality products. The Gislaved brand offers safe, solid and reliable tires for all weather conditions whether summer or extreme winter. Since 1992, GISLAVED has been part of the CONTINENTAL group and benefits from the impressive resources of one of the largest manufacturers for the development of new tires. GISLAVED manufactures high quality summer tires and focuses its development on driving safety and comfort. GISLAVED is growing worldwide. Categories Tires Rims Company BOLLON Tires For 25 years, Bollon Tires has been the specialist in Scandinavian tires with the Gislaved & Nokian brands. Information Legal notices Contacts BOLLON Aix - Drumettaz 44, avenue du GolfF-73420 Drumettaz-Clarafond Tel .: 04.79.88.17. 73Copyright 2018 Created by Noovéo / Neptune Facebook Google + Newsletter Ok Subscribe Unsubscribe You can unsubscribe whenever you want