Tires - Bollon Tires Connection Contact us Call us at: 04.79.88.17.73 Basket Your items No product 0.00 € Total Order Product successfully added to your basket Quantity Total There are products in your basket with fittings included. There is 1 product in your cart. Total products (tax incl.) Total (tax incl.) Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Search Categories TiresWheelsReferenceHow to read a tireCanadian Cooper tire (summer) Nokian Finnish tire (summer) Swedish Gislaved tire (summer) Winter and safety tireCanadian Cooper tire (winter) Nokian Finnish tire (winter) Swedish Gislaved tire (winter) PartnersGarages partnersRecycling EnvironmentTiresAlloy rimsShock absorbers and exhaustsFiltration, Bearings and special lubricants 4x4 equipment Contact> Partners> Tires TIRE PROFESSIONALS UNION OF TIRE PROFESSIONALS The union's missions are: - Enhancement of the profession of merchant-specialist as genuine " Tire professionals ", - Recognition of a professional qualification, - Participation in joint work, - Representation of the profession to, - Waste disposal, - Dialogue with other players in the profession, More info on: www.lesprofessionnelsd upneu.com TNPF: TIRE STANDARDIZATION WORK FOR FRANCE A complex high-tech product, the tire is the vehicle's only point of contact with the ground. It is this contact that allows the tire to fulfill its multiple functions: driving, guide, carry the load, transmit, cushion, last ... More info at: www.tnpf.fr NOKIAN TIRES A good quality tire is much more than a simple piece of rubber. It is a product resulting from meticulous development work, it is the fruit of versatile tests, a high tech product manufactured with precision which combines a large amount of manual work, chemical and technical know-how, a work of precision and quality raw materials.Bollon Pneus specializes in importing Nokian tires in France.More info on: www.nokiantyres.fr COOPER Cooper Tire is a company, based in the United States, specialized in the design , manufacturing, marketing and sale tires for cars and trucks. Bollon Pneus specializes in importing Cooper tires into France.More info on: www.coopertire.fr INFINITY One of the fastest growing tire brands in the world, manufacturing and supplying over a hundred models and sizes for diverse uses, serving a large customer base around the world Infinity ... 4 continents, more than 30 countries and growing! More info on: www.infinity-tyres.com GISLAVED The Gislaved Nord Frost 5 tire is based on the technology of its predecessor, resulting in a winter tire with exceptional performance on snow, ice or in dry driving conditions.More info on: www.conti -online.com GOODYEAR Visit the official website of the Goodyear tire brand in France containing information on the brand, the tire ranges and the Goodyear TireManager. More information on: www.eu.goodyear.com MICHELIN Find your tires : The right tires for your vehicle, three good reasons to choose Michelin, to know the range of Michelin tires, Bibendum advice. More information on: www.michelin.fr PIRELLI Pirelli offers a wide range of tires, which covers all the automotive segments adapted to all customer requirementsMore info on: www.pirelli.fr CONTINENTAL Continental AG, founded on October 8, 1871, is a tire manufacturer with its headquarters in Hanover. It is the leading tire manufacturer in Germany, the second at European level and the 4th world manufacturer, behind Michelin, Bridgestone and Goodyear. More info on: www.conti-online.com BRIDGESTONE Bollon Pneus invites you to discover its selection of Bridgestone tires in the garages of Annecy / Meythet or deDrumettaz / Aix-les-Bains (near Chambéry). More information on: www.bridgestone.fr GENERAL TIRE Bollon Pneus invites you to discover its selection of General Tire tires in the garages of Annecy / Meythet or Drumettaz / Aix-les-Bains (near Chambéry). More info on: www.generaltire.com DUNLOP Bollon Pneus invites you to discover its selection of Dunlop tires in the garages of Annecy / Meythet or Drumettaz / Aix-les-Bains (near Chambéry). More information on: www.dunlop-tires.com KLEBER Bollon Pneus invites you to discover its selection of Kleber tires in Annecy / Meythet or Drum garages ettaz / Aix-les-Bains (near Chambéry). More info on: www.kleber.fr Categories Tires Rims Company BOLLON Tires For 25 years, Bollon tires has been the specialist in Scandinavian tires with the brands Gislaved & Nokian. Information Legal notices Contacts BOLLON Aix - Drumettaz 44, avenue du GolfF-73420 Drumettaz-Clarafond Tel .: 04.79.88.17.73Copyright 2018 Created by Noovéo / Neptune Facebook Google + Newsletter Ok Subscribe Unsubscribe You can unsubscribe whenever you want