Winter and safety tire - Bollon Pneus Connection Contact us Call us at: 04.79.88.17.73 Basket Your items No product 0.00 € Total Order Product successfully added to your basket Quantity Total There are products in your basket with fittings included. There is 1 product in your cart. Total products (tax incl.) Total (tax incl.) Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Search Categories TiresRimsTipsHow to read a tireCanadian Cooper tire (summer) Nokian Finnish tire (summer) Swedish Gislaved tire (summer) Winter and safety tireCanadian Cooper tire (winter) Nokian Finnish tire (winter) Swedish Gislaved tire (winter) PartnersGarage partnersRecycling EnvironmentTiresAlloy rimsShock absorbers and exhaustsFiltration, Bearings and special lubricants 4x4 equipment Contact> Advice> Winter tire and safety 5 IDEAS RECEIVED ON WINTER TIRES 1- At home, snow is rare, no need to buy a pipe with winter tires.FALSE. In winter, your tires are put to the test, whether it snows or not, the temperature drops and the grip of the tires ... too! In addition, in a few kilometers, the driving conditions can change, even become dangerous. 2- Two winter tires, that's enough to equip your vehicle. FALSE. Equipping only its drive wheels improves performance at start, but not when cornering or braking. 3- Ultimately, winter tires are more expensive. TRUE. There is a price to pay for its safety. It is not always as important as you think, the kilometers traveled with winter tires are as many savings made on your summer tires. 4- With a four-wheel drive vehicle, no need for winter tires. FALSE. Winter tires offer more safety, more grip thanks to the grip and avoid the risks of aquaplaning. 5- In winter, you just have to drive slower. TRUE, but insufficient. In winter, on wet roads and at a temperature of 5 ° C, if you brake at 90km / h, it will take you 66m to stop with winter tires ... and 71m with summer tires. WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT WINTER TIRES MANY ADVANTAGES ON THE COUNTER Don't be colder with your safety! In France, in winter, temperatures are often very low: each region of France spends a large part of the winter season below 7 ° C. A threshold that puts a brake on the grip of your tires. Thus, in winter, the risk of accident is 6 times higher than in summer. So think about winter tires! Even on dry and cold ground, they ensure reduced braking distances, better grip and perfect adaptation to electronic systems. Full of security: The winter tire resists cold, bad weather, wet, icy or snowy ground. Extra power: The winter tire guarantees better traction for "torquey" vehicles (SUV, powerful diesel). The winter tire, a cost to put into perspective: Safety has a price. The adoption of winter tires, in winter, leads to an additional cost of the pneumatic station, which varies according to the mileage covered and the storage time of the equipped vehicle. A WELL-MODELED TECHNOLOGY Winter tires play maximum safety by offering you: More grip: the rubber does not harden in the cold More traction power: the sipes act as crampons on slippery surfaces More rapid evacuation snow or mud thanks to the wide and deep grooves of the tread Less risk of aquaplaning Less braking distance Tires of good composition: Thanks to their technological characteristics, winter tires adhere well to the road. Indeed, the properties of the rubber composing the tread depend on the temperature. A summer tire remains more efficient for temperatures above 7 ° C. But below this threshold, the rubber hardens ... and its performance, especially when braking, decreases! On the other hand, the rubber of a tire retains its elasticity and guarantees a high safety grip. SOME FIGURES THAT SAY LONG Winter tires mean 20% more safety in terms of braking (compared to a summer tire during snow tests at 50 km / h). From 90 km / h on average, the braking distance on a wet tire of a summer tire compared to a winter tire increases at least 10% at 0 ° C. 1/3 of accidents in winter occur on slippery roads. A winter tire is 5 times more sipes than a summer tire, for optimized grip. Categories Tires Rims Company BOLLON Tires For 25 years, Bollon Tires has been the specialist in Scandinavian tires with the Gislaved & Nokian brands. Information Legal notices Contacts BOLLON Aix - Drumettaz 44, avenue du GolfF-73420 Drumettaz-Clarafond Tel .: 04.79.88.17. 73Copyright 2018 Created by Noovéo / Neptune Facebook Google + Newsletter Ok Subscribe Unsubscribe You can unsubscribe whenever you want