Nokian Finnish Tire (summer) - Bollon Pneus Connection Contact us Call us at: 04.79.88.17.73 Basket Your articles No product 0.00 € Total Order Product successfully added to the basket Quantity Total There are products in your basket with fixtures included. There is 1 product in your cart. Total products (tax incl.) Total (tax incl.) Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Search Categories TiresWheelsReferenceHow to read a tireCanadian Cooper tire (summer) Nokian Finnish tire (summer) Swedish Gislaved tire (summer) Winter and safety tireCanadian Cooper tire (winter) Nokian Finnish tire (winter) Swedish Gislaved tire (winter) PartnersGarage partnersRecycling EnvironmentTiresAlloy rimsShock absorbers and exhaustsFiltration, Bearings and special lubricants 4x4 equipment Contact> Advice> Nokian Finnish tire (summer) Characteristics of the Nokian zLINE: Stable, precise and quiet Maintains its driving properties even in extreme situations Excellent grip on the wet at all temperatures Good performance Designed for high speeds, the Nokian zLINE tire clearly outperforms its competitors in demanding and difficult conditions. He is not afraid of large fluctuations in temperature or rain. It responds precisely, while being pleasant and quiet.The Nokian zLINE tire is designed for sports cars and high-speed driving and is part of the UHP category, the leading class of tires for passenger vehicles. Nanotechnology and multilayer structure: precise reactions The Nokian zLINE tire is a product targeted for demanding customers, its top level performance has been achieved using recent development and production technology. The main innovations used in the tire - the multi-layer structure of the sole, the nano-silicon compound and the new tread geometry form the Concept Nokian Cool Zone which improves driving stability, handling, wet grip and durability. In addition to this, it greatly reduces tire rolling noise, rolling resistance and heat generation.The outer layer of the Nokian zLINE tire is made from a new silicon compound, Nokian Cool UHP Silica, which guarantees excellent adhesion in all temperatures. The new compound effectively dampens the noise generated when driving on tar, the tire is quiet and pleasant to drive. New tire geometry: excellent handling properties The redesigned design of the Nokian zLINE tire sole improves driving stability, especially in turns, changing lanes and doubling. The Nokian zLINE tire is safe and precise to handle, even in extreme situations. From a look point of view, the Nokian zLINE tire has an asymmetrical inside-outside tread pattern. The central tread pattern has proven to be the best technical solution, particularly for high-speed tires. More safety, easy and comfortable driving The DSI (Driving Safety Indicator) on the shoulder on the central side indicates the depth of the main grooves. Driving safely in the rain requires that the tires are in good condition. The main grooves must be at least 4 mm deep in order to avoid hydroplaning. An info field on the side shows the recommendations for pressures. Correct tire pressure improves vehicle handling and reduces tire damage and fuel consumption. The Nokian zLINE does not use any harmful highly flavored oil. Like all products manufactured by Nokian Tires factories, the Nokian zLINE tire was made with purified oils with minimal impact on the environment. Bollon Pneus, specialized in the distribution of Nokian tires in France Do not hesitate to contact us directly for any specific order of Nokian tires in France Nokian tires are the big winners of the German tests on summer tires Seven victories recorded by the top brand range straight from Finland: most of the time winner in front of all other brandsThe best marks awarded by the German automobile magazines "Auto Bild", note "exemplary", "Auto Zeitung" awards "winner", "auto Test" the awards "winner", "gute Fahrt" gives it the rating "recommendation" and "Auto Bild allrad" the rating "exemplary". Shortest braking distance on wet and dry road, in comparison with all other tires Nokian tires have won the summer tire tests of the German automobile magazines "Auto Bild", "Auto Zeitung", "auto Test", "gute Fahrt", "Au to Bild allrad "," pro mobil "and" Firmenauto Transporter ". With seven tire test victories, the top-of-the-range Finnish brand Nokian is the most present of all. The best marks awarded by "Auto Bild", "exemplary"; "Auto Zeitung" "winner"; "Gute Fahrt", "Recommendation" and "Auto Bild allrad", "exemplary" show the exceptional qualities of summer tires from the undisputed leading manufacturer of winter tires in the world. The Nokian also came second for the magazine "auto motor sport ”with the note“ To recommend particularly ”. The German automobile club ADAC awarded it the rating "Very good", as did the magazine of the German consumer defense organization "Test Stiftung Warentest" with regard to behavior on "dry pavement", and the latter also awarded it a rating of “Good” for keeping on “wet pavement” and for its fuel consumption. It obtains the mention “recommended” as a result in the tire test of the ACE Auto Club Europa GTÜ and for the German automobile magazine “sport auto”. The Nokian SUV tire is also "highly recommended" in the latest 4x4 tire test carried out by "Auto Zeitung". Nokia zLINE: "Auto Bild" sells the merits of "convincing multiple talents with the shortest braking distance" and “low fuel consumption.” “Auto Bild” and “auto Test” say about Nokian zLINE: “Strengths”: multiple convincing talents with the shortest braking distance on wet and dry roads, good accuracy. steering, stable lateral guidance, low fuel consumption ”. Its braking distance is close to 28 meters (!), 22 meters less than that of the worst of all 50 car tires tested on wet roads. "The Nokian zLINE offers the best grip" and guarantees maximum safety. "Auto Zeitung" writes about the winner in his "overall score": "An obvious victory for the Nokian H, which is doing perfectly, not only on wet pavement, but also on dry roads and gives complete satisfaction in terms of rolling resistance. »Main« test results on wet pavement »:« The fastest in handling, at the top for driving safety and very strong in braking: the Finnish Nokian is a real high-end tire very complete on wet pavement »... Categories Tires Rims Company BOLLON Tires For 25 years, Bollon Tires has been the Scandinavian tire specialist with the Gislaved & Nokian brands. Information Legal notices Contacts BOLLON Aix - Drumettaz 44, avenue du GolfF-73420 Drumettaz-Clarafond Tel .: Copyright 2018 Created by Noovéo / Neptune Facebook Google + Newsletter Ok Subscribe Unsubscribe You can unsubscribe whenever you want