Garage Conflans Sainte Honorine Online services Make an online quote Make an appointment Our brand Our promotions Our news Our services Our range of parts Contact us Maintenance Repairs All brands Our brand Our promotions Our news Our services Our range of parts Contact us OUR NEWS CONTACT EUROREPAR CAR SERVICE Find us on Our garagesGarage Conflans Sainte Honorine Back to results Share Garage - AUTO NUMBER 1 - CONFLANS STE HONORINE Your overall satisfaction See the reviews (28) Quality of reception Quality of advice Respect of commitments (deadlines, prices…) Your overall satisfaction Quality of reception Quality of advice Respect of commitments (deadlines, prices…) See the EUROREPAR Car Service opinions: trust is all about maintenance! Your overall satisfaction Quality of reception Quality of advice Compliance with commitments (deadlines, prices, etc.) See the opinions 20 RUE PIERRE LE GUEN 78700 CONFLANS STE HONORINE Telephone: 01 39 19 77 48 See telephone number Contact the garage by email Contact the garage by email Opening hours Monday to Friday: 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. and 2 p.m. to 6.30 p.m. Opening hours Monday to Friday: 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. and 2 p.m. to 6.30 p.m. EUROREPAR Car Service: Confidence goes hand in hand! Opening hours Monday to Friday: 8 am to 12 noon and 2 to 6:30 pm Opening hours Monday to Friday: 8 am to 12 noon and 2 to 6:30 pm Your overall satisfaction See the reviews (28) Quality of reception Quality of advice Respect for commitments (deadlines, prices, etc.) Your overall satisfaction Quality of reception Quality of advice Compliance with commitments (deadlines, prices, etc.) See the EUROREPAR Car Service reviews: trust is what keeps you going! Your overall satisfaction Quality of reception Quality of advice Respect of commitments (deadlines, prices, etc.) See the reviews Get there Make an online quote Make an appointment Rate this garage Rate this garage Make an online quote Take a Appointment Rate this garage Rate this garage Services Battery Air conditioning Exhaust Braking Distribution kit Mechanics Tires Technical pre-inspection Revision Suspension Drain Visibility Services Courtesy vehicle Customer reviews Leave a review Leave a review Overhaul 120,000km and tire change - September 18, 2019 Patrick B: Very good responsive and honest garage to recommend Read the full review disq plaq arr + overhaul + air conditioning refill - June 26, 2018 Vincent G: A very friendly and above all very efficient team. Car dropped off around 9 a.m. ready at 12 a.m. overhaul + rear discs and pads + air conditioning recharge. The prices are quite correct. I highly recommend EuropRepar Conflans Read the full review ERG valve - Shock absorber - Preheating plugs - Revision ... - December 31, 2016 Jean-Pierre I: Recommend ... Read the full shock absorber replacement review - October 11, 2016 Pierre E: Reception and quality advice, feeling of trust, everything is positive, and the new client that I am will undoubtedly remain loyal! Read the full review Repairing anti engine torque bar - October 1, 2016 Denis C: First visit for me in this garage. Several garage had previously refused to make the repair: extraction of a broken engine torque bar screw in the gearbox casing. The kind of random repair on which ... Read the full review 1 2 3 4 5 6 Leave a review Our offers Conditions of the offer Conditions of the offer Tires: the essential link not to be overlooked Conditions of the offer Tires: the essential link not to be overlooked Conditions of the offer Strict verification of the essential points and replacement of wearing parts according to the manufacturer's recommendations. Conditions of the offer An element of comfort and security, winter and summer! Conditions of the offer Effective braking for perfect control of your vehicle Conditions of the Tires offer: the essential link not to be overlooked Conditions of the offer Change or repair? For each problem there is a solution. Conditions of the offer Conditions of the offer Do not change, repair! Conditions of the offer Do not change any more, repair! AUTO NUMBER 1 Make an online quote Make an appointment Rate this garage Rate this garage Back to results Integrate the network Contact EUROREPAR Our services Oil change Oil Change Overhaul Tires Tires Brakes Air conditioning Air conditioning Battery Battery Visibility Visibility Repair navigation and car radio Repair navigation and car radio Exhaust Exhaust Distribution kit Distribution kit Suspension Suspension Technical pre-control Technical pre-control Mechanical Mechanical Windshield Windshield Our services Washing Washing Washing courtesy vehicle Courtesy vehicle Find a repairer Our garages About EUROREPAR Car Service Our teaches Our commitments Our news Online quote Customer service Copyright © 2020 Eurorepar Car Service Legal notice Terms of use Site map Manage my cookie preferences