Buy cheap tires, test winner, tire comparison, top brands EFR Online JavaScript is required to use all functions of this website. To be able to use the customizable functions of this website, you must allow cookies in your browser. Purchasing company Free tire dealer Where service is a top priority. Dealer Location Radius 5 km 10 km 20 km 50 km Navigation Dealer search Home tires PKWSUV 4x4TransporterMotorradLKWAckerschlepperIndustrie / StaplerEM / Wheel Loaders Wheel Configurator brand car service AchsvermessungAuspuff Service Battery Service Brake Service general inspection inspection oil change shock absorbers Air Service Offers Auto Service Tires Wheels Rims promotional brochure services AuswuchtenReifenmontageReifenreparaturMatchenReifeneinlagerungRäderwäscheAltreifenentsorgungLeasing and FlotteReifenversicherungEFR blog ERA BlogGewinnspielRadiospotEFR knowledge ERA WissenRDKSReifenlabelKontakt Contact Join Tire car The permanent interplay between brakes and acceleration strains the tires. Since they constantly come into contact with the road, they have to be extremely robust and endure a lot. With us you will find the best tires for every vehicle type, every season and every weather - just tires with mature performance. Of course we also offer the optimal service! SUV / 4x4 tires SUV (Sport Utility Vehicles) and classic off-road vehicles have been enjoying increasing popularity in recent years. The demand for the right SUV / 4x4 tires too. And because not every off-road vehicle is only used off-road, but also drives on the road, we have the right tires for every terrain - whether "Mud Terrain", "All Terrain" or "Street Terrain". No matter whether muddy, rocky-hard underground or asphalt road. Transporter and light truck Transporter or light truck (light truck) tires are subject to heavy loads. They have to carry heavy loads, often come into contact with curbs and are driven at very high speeds when using the motorway. Transporter tires therefore have, among other things, a reinforced substructure to ensure the required load capacity. Safety and robustness are therefore key requirements placed on these tires. But the cost-effectiveness of the product to be selected is also one of the decisive factors for choosing the right tire. And of course there are also summer and winter tires for vans. Make the right choice - let us advise you! Motorcycles Safety comes first when riding a motorcycle. With motorcycle tires from specialist dealers, you can go on the road or off-road with a good feeling. It goes without saying that we also professionally change and fit your tires! Truck truck tires are as different as their areas of application. They therefore have different profile pictures, speed indices and load capacities. But no matter whether they are used in local, regional or long-distance transport, whether they are intended for construction sites or off-road: with us you always get the right branded tires from top manufacturers. The right choice of tires has an impact on the economy of your transport. We offer you optimal advice - and of course the associated service too! Agricultural tractors Productivity in agriculture is also a question of the right tires. With us you get the latest farm tractor tires from well-known manufacturers that are well suited to the diverse requirements of field work and impress with their performance and durability. Soil protection, traction and economy are no strangers to us, but when we talk about agricultural tires, we are not only talking about excellent performance, but also good service and of course a fair price. So that these three components come together, come to us! Industry / forklift Efficiency and safety are very important for industrial tires. If you have to handle heavy loads, you need a robust foundation. The right tires are an important part of it. We offer you a wide range of excellent tire brands with tried and tested products that have passed pretty much every practical test. It is important for which application your truck is intended and on which surface it is moving. We therefore advise you in detail before we install the right tire. EM / wheel loaders Earth-moving machines and wheel loaders have a hard job that is very diverse. Our range of branded tires from major manufacturers is just as diverse. No matter what application, for which surface and for which machine you are looking for a tire, we have it! But we do not leave you alone with our offer, we offer you the specialist advice you need - because the right tire choice is an investment decision. We would be happy to support you in using the best economical solution. Brand quality pays off. Purchasing company Free tire dealer Where service is a top priority. Address Freier Tire Dealer mbH & Co. KG Königsplatz 40 34117 Kassel Contact +49 (561) 585980 +49 (561) 5859820 info@efr-online.de © 2020 Freier Tire Dealer mbH & Co. KG | Imprint | Privacy Policy Privacy settings