Privacy Policy | EFR Online JavaScript is required to use all functions of this website. To be able to use the customizable functions of this website, you must allow cookies in your browser. Purchasing company Free tire dealer Where service is a top priority. Dealer Location Radius 5 km 10 km 20 km 50 km Navigation Dealer search Home tires PKWSUV 4x4TransporterMotorradLKWAckerschlepperIndustrie / StaplerEM / Wheel Loaders Wheel Configurator brand car service AchsvermessungAuspuff Service Battery Service Brake Service general inspection inspection oil change shock absorbers Air Service Offers Auto Service Tires Wheels Rims promotional brochure services AuswuchtenReifenmontageReifenreparaturMatchenReifeneinlagerungRäderwäscheAltreifenentsorgungLeasing and FlotteReifenversicherungEFR blog ERA BlogGewinnspielRadiospotEFR knowledge ERA WissenRDKSReifenlabelKontakt Contact Join The Continental Summer Champions to contest any time - Safety. The right tire partner in every season - EFR This is car service. The right service partner at all times - EFR at all times - security. The right partner at all times - EFR data protection declaration 1. Data protection at a glance General information The following information provides a simple overview of what happens to your personal data when you visit this website. Personal data is all data with which you can be personally identified. You can find detailed information on the subject of data protection in our data protection declaration below this text. Data collection on this website Who is responsible for data collection on this website? The data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. You can find their contact details in the imprint of this website. How do we collect your data? On the one hand, your data is collected by you communicating it to us. This can be, for. For example, it is data that you enter in a contact form. Our IT systems automatically collect other data when you visit the website. This is primarily technical data (e.g. internet browser, operating system or time of page access). This data is recorded automatically as soon as you enter this website. What do we use your data for? Part of the data is collected to ensure that the website is provided correctly. Other data can be used to analyze your user behavior. What rights do you have regarding your data? You have the right to receive information about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data at any time free of charge. You also have the right to request that this data be corrected or deleted. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about data protection. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. You also have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted in certain circumstances. You can find details on this in the data protection declaration under "Right to restriction of processing". Analysis tools and tools from third-party providers When you visit this website, your surfing behavior can be statistically evaluated. This happens primarily with cookies and with so-called analysis programs. Your surfing behavior is usually analyzed anonymously; the surfing behavior cannot be traced back to you. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. You can find detailed information on these tools and your options for objection in the following data protection declaration. 2. Hosting and Content Delivery Networks (CDN) External hosting This website is hosted by an external service provider (hoster). The personal data collected on this website is stored on the hoster's servers. This can be v. a. are IP addresses, contact requests, meta and communication data, contract data, contact details, names, website access and other data that are generated via a website. The host is used for the purpose of fulfilling the contract with our potential and existing customers (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR) and in the interest of a safe, fast and efficient provision of our online offer by a professional provider (Art. 6 Para 1 lit.f GDPR). Our hoster will only process your data to the extent necessary to fulfill its performance obligations and to follow our instructions in relation to this data. 3. General information and mandatory information Data protection The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration. When you use this website, various personal data are collected. Personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. This data protection declaration explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this is done. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from access by third parties. Note on the responsible body The responsible body for data processing on this website is: EFR - Purchasing Company Freier Reifenfachhandel mbH & Co. KG Königsplatz 40 34117 Kassel Phone: 0561/585980 Email: info@efr-online.de The responsible body is the natural one or a legal person who alone or together with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names, email addresses, etc.). Revocation of your consent to data processing Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal email to us. The legality of the data processing carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. Right to object to data collection in special cases and direct advertising (Art. 21 GDPR) IF DATA PROCESSING IS BASED ON ART. 6 ABS. 1 LIT. E OR F GDPR, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT AT ANY TIME TO OBJECT THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR REASONS FOR YOUR SPECIAL SITUATION; THIS IS ALSO APPLICABLE TO PROFILING BASED ON THESE PROVISIONS. THE RELEVANT LEGAL BASIS ON WHICH PROCESSING IS BASED IS TAKEN FROM THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT. IF YOU SUBJECT, WE WILL NO LESS PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA, BECAUSE WE CAN PROVIDE OBLIGATORY PROTECTED REASONS FOR PROCESSING THAT ARE OF YOUR INTEREST, RIGHTS AND DISCLAIMER OF IMPRESSION. OPPOSITION UNDER ART. 21 (1) GDPR). IF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS PROCESSED TO OPERATE DIRECT ADVERTISING, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT AT ANY TIME TO PROCESS PERSONAL DATA FOR THE PURPOSE OF SUCH ADVERTISING; THIS IS ALSO APPLICABLE TO PROFILING, TO THE extent IT IS CONNECTED WITH SUCH DIRECT ADVERTISING. IF YOU OBJECT, YOUR PERSONAL DATA WILL NO LONGER BE USED FOR THE PURPOSE OF DIRECT ADVERTISING (OBLIGATION UNDER ART. 21 (2) GDPR). Right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority In the event of violations of the GDPR, the data subject has the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of their habitual residence, their place of work or the place of the alleged violation. The right to lodge a complaint is without prejudice to other administrative or judicial remedies. Right to data portability You have the right to have data that we process automatically based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract handed over to you or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you request the direct transfer of the data to another person responsible, this will only take place if it is technically feasible. SSL or TLS encryption This page uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or inquiries that you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from "http: //" to "https: //" and by the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data that you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties. Information, deletion and correction You have the right to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, the right to correct or delete this data. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about personal data. Right to restriction of processing You have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint. The right to restrict processing exists in the following cases: If you dispute the accuracy of your personal data stored with us, we usually need time to check this. For the duration of the examination, you have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted. If the processing of your personal data happened / happens illegally, you can request the restriction of the data processing instead of the deletion. If we no longer need your personal data, but you need it to exercise, defend or assert legal claims, you have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted instead of being deleted. If you have filed an objection in accordance with Art. 21 Para. 1 GDPR, you and our interests must be weighed up. As long as it is not clear whose interests outweigh the rights, you have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted. If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, this data - apart from its storage - may only be obtained with your consent or to assert, exercise or defend legal claims or to protect the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest the European Union or a Member State. Objection to advertising e-mails We hereby object to the use of contact data published within the scope of the imprint for sending unsolicited advertising and information material. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam e-mails. 4. Data collection on this website Cookies Our website uses so-called "cookies". Cookies are small text files and do no damage to your device. They are either stored temporarily on your device for the duration of a session (session cookies) or permanently (permanent cookies). Session cookies are automatically deleted at the end of your visit. Permanent cookies remain stored on your end device until you delete them yourself or an automatic solution is implemented by your web browser. In some cases, third-party cookies can also be stored on your device when you enter our site (third-party cookies). These enable us or you to use certain services of the third-party company (e.g. cookies for processing payment services). Cookies have different functions. Numerous cookies are technically necessary because certain website functions would not work without them (e.g. the shopping cart function or the display of videos). Other cookies are used to evaluate user behavior or to display advertising. Cookies that are required to carry out the electronic communication process or to provide certain functions you require (e.g. shopping cart function) are set on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR saved. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. If a corresponding consent has been requested (e.g. consent to the storage of cookies), the processing takes place exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the consent can be revoked at any time. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted. Insofar as cookies from third-party companies or for analysis purposes are used, we will inform you separately in the context of this data protection declaration and, if necessary, ask for your consent. Server log files The website provider automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are: Browser type and browser version Operating system used Referrer URL Host name of the accessing computer Time of the server request IP address A combination of this data with other data sources is not carried out. This data is recorded on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the technically error-free presentation and optimization of his website - the server log files must be recorded for this. Contact form If you send us inquiries using the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the inquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. We will not pass on this data without your consent. This data is processed on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR, if your request is related to the fulfillment of a contract or is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on our legitimate interest in the effective processing of inquiries addressed to us (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. GDPR) or on your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. was queried. The data you enter in the contact form will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory legal provisions - especially retention periods - remain unaffected. Inquiry by email, phone or fax If you contact us by email, phone or fax, your inquiry, including all personal data resulting from it (name, inquiry), will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We will not pass on this data without your consent. This data is processed on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR, if your request is related to the fulfillment of a contract or is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 a) GDPR) and / or on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. Have the inquiries addressed to us. The data you send to us via contact requests will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory statutory provisions - especially statutory retention periods - remain unaffected. 5. Analysis tools and advertising m4 website user statistics We use the internal m4 website user statistics on our website. The collection of the data is in the legitimate interest and serves the statistical evaluation of visitor access and user behavior for the continuous improvement of our website and the range of our services. The legal basis for the use of user statistics is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 letter f) GDPR. We respect the Do-Not-Track (DNT) function and do not collect any data in our user statistics when it is activated. The data collected include: Current session ID (no IP storage) Browser and operating system of the visitor's end device as well as the operating system website used, from which the visitor accesses the website (so-called referrer URL) Date and time of access by the Visitor Name and URL of the page accessed by the visitor. You can object to the recording, provided that it has been activated, in our data protection settings. 6. YouTube plugins and tools with extended data protection This website integrates videos from YouTube. The website is operated by Google Ireland Limited ("Google"), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. We use YouTube in the extended data protection mode. According to YouTube, this mode means that YouTube does not save any information about visitors to this website before they watch the video. However, the extended data protection mode does not necessarily preclude the transfer of data to YouTube partners. For example, regardless of whether you are watching a video, YouTube connects to the Google DoubleClick network. As soon as you start a YouTube video on this website, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. The YouTube server is informed which of our pages you have visited. If you are logged into your YouTube account, you enable YouTube to assign your surfing behavior directly to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account. Furthermore, YouTube can save various cookies on your end device after starting a video. With the help of these cookies, YouTube can receive information about visitors to this website. This information may a. used to collect video statistics, improve usability and prevent fraud. The cookies remain on your device until you delete them. If necessary, further data processing processes can be triggered after the start of a YouTube video, over which we have no influence. YouTube is used in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If a corresponding consent was requested (e.g. consent to the storage of cookies), the processing takes place exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the consent can be revoked at any time. Further information on data protection at YouTube can be found in their data protection declaration at: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de. Google Web Fonts This page uses so-called web fonts, which are provided by Google, for the uniform display of fonts. The Google Fonts are installed locally. There is no connection to Google servers. Further information on Google Web Fonts can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google's data protection declaration: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de. Google Maps (with consent) This website uses the Google Maps map service via an API. The provider is Google Ireland Limited ("Google"), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. To ensure data protection on this website, Google Maps is deactivated when you enter this website for the first time. A direct connection to the Google servers will only be established if you activate Google Maps yourself (consent according to Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR). This prevents your data from being transferred to Google the first time you enter the page. After activation, Google Maps will save your IP address. This is then usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this page has no influence on this data transfer after activating Google Maps. You can find more information on the handling of user data in Google's data protection declaration: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/. Tire & rim configurator from BMF We use the tire & rim configurator from BMF on our website. The provider is: BMF Media Information Technology GmbH Bürgerm.-Fischer-Str. 9-11 D-86150 Augsburg Tel. +49 (0) 821 498 160-0 E-Mail: info@bmfgroup.de Data protection declaration BMF: https://bmfgroup.de/datenschutz/ Product name: PROVIS 4 3RD PARTY CONFIGURATOR (Stand May 17, 2018) In the further course of the section referred to as configurator. For this purpose, the browser you are using must connect to the BMF servers. This gives BMF knowledge that our website was accessed via your IP address. The BMF rim configurator is used in the interest of a simplified offer request for rim and tire configuration from our range. The legal basis for using the configurator is Art. 6 Para. 1 Clause 1 b) GDPR. Appropriate rims and tire offers (based on the entered data) are offered by voluntarily entering vehicle data such as: 4-digit HSN 6-10-digit TSN + VSN or manual selection of vehicle data. The selected configurations can be requested from the operator of the website: EFR - Purchasing Company Freier Reifenfachhandel mbH & Co. KG Königsplatz 40 34117 Kassel Phone: 0561/585980 Email: info@efr-online.de using the contact form. The configurator uses cookies that are stored on your computer to enable the use of the configurator. These cookies are removed from your computer after leaving the configurator. Purchasing company Free tire dealer Where service is a top priority. Address Freier Tire Dealer mbH & Co. KG Königsplatz 40 34117 Kassel Contact +49 (561) 585980 +49 (561) 5859820 info@efr-online.de © 2020 Freier Tire Dealer mbH & Co. KG | Imprint | Privacy Policy Privacy settings