EFR Blog all about tires and wheels EFR Online JavaScript is required to use all functions of this website. To be able to use the customizable functions of this website, you must allow cookies in your browser. Purchasing company Free tire dealer Where service is a top priority. Dealer Location Radius 5 km 10 km 20 km 50 km Navigation Dealer search Home tires PKWSUV 4x4TransporterMotorradLKWAckerschlepperIndustrie / StaplerEM / Wheel Loaders Wheel Configurator brand car service AchsvermessungAuspuff Service Battery Service Brake Service general inspection inspection oil change shock absorbers Air Service Offers Auto Service Tires Wheels Rims promotional brochure services AuswuchtenReifenmontageReifenreparaturMatchenReifeneinlagerungRäderwäscheAltreifenentsorgungLeasing and FlotteReifenversicherungEFR blog ERA BlogGewinnspielRadiospotEFR knowledge ERA WissenRDKSReifenlabelKontakt Contact Join ERA blog updates and interesting facts around the topic of tires, wheels and cars. Rely on safety now and convert to winter tires The earlier you make the change, the better. Although we and the ADAC recommend to install winter tires according to the so-called O-to-O rule, i.e. from October to the weekend after Easter, the waiting times for an appointment with dealers in the onset of winter are very long. On the other hand, the tire selection is still greatest at the beginning of the season and you avoid longer waiting times for your desired product. In addition, according to road traffic regulations, there has been a so-called "situational winter tire obligation" in Germany since 2010. The regulation states that in snow, black ice and slush or comparable winter conditions, a car may only be driven if it is equipped with winter tires. If you don't stick to it, you can expect a fine of up to € 80 and get a point in Flensburg. Anyone who believes that they can manage with summer tires over the winter just because they are not on the road in snow and ice should keep in mind that the rubber compound of summer tires is not designed for cold temperatures. This also means that summer tires have significantly poorer driving properties in winter than winter tires. So don't compromise on safety, switch now to the winter specialists and save with our great winter offers. Winter tires are not for summer With the rising temperatures, winter tires lose more and more grip and wear out faster. So it is high time to send the winter tires for a well-deserved summer break. Many motorists drive with their winter tires, often out of convenience, carelessness or misunderstood economy, even in warm seasons. In this way, the driver usually only “experiences” the design-related disadvantages of summer operation when it is too late. Because the warmer the temperatures, the longer the braking distance. [...] In order to guarantee optimum grip on ice and snow, winter tires are made from extremely soft rubber compounds. However, the tire is also more sensitive to heat and cannot transmit enough braking or cornering forces at high temperatures. At the same time, wear increases disproportionately. For the safety and the wallet to dear, it is recommended to always switch to summer tires from Easter. A rule of thumb says the summer tire time goes from O to O - from Easter to October. Source: www.bussgeldkatalog-mpu.de read on New EU regulations call for more fuel efficiency A regulation that the EU Parliament already issued in 2009 makes consumers rethink. As a first step, this stipulates that from 2011 all new cars must be delivered with environmentally friendly, petrol-saving tires that meet precisely defined requirements. In the second step, which will follow in 2012, all tires entering the European trade must have a uniform identification with classes A to G. [...] In order to determine the respective class of a tire, conditions were defined which, in addition to wet grip and rolling noise, also take into account the fuel efficiency of a tire and are binding for all manufacturers. This should enable the buyer of new tires to quickly and easily recognize how ecological the desired tire actually is. Since such tires are also banned in which polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon is used as a plasticizer, this should already be considered when buying new tires. Read more Aquaplaning - how do good tires protect? The tires are the main active safety equipment of the car. They are the vehicle's only reference point to the road. The connection between the car and the road are four contact surfaces of the tires, each about the size of a postcard. Especially with large amounts of precipitation, it is therefore important that the tires have a sufficient tread depth. Optimally, the water is drained to the outside via the profile of the tires. However, this only works up to a speed of around 80 km / h and if the profile of the tires is significantly above the legal minimum depth. At a higher speed or insufficient tread, a thin film of water forms between the tires and the surface, which leads to loss of grip. [...] A good profile significantly reduces the risk of aquaplaning, while an insufficient profile depth can lead to loss of control even at speeds below 80 km / h. And how do you protect yourself against aquaplaning as a driver? Check your tire pressure regularly. It has a direct influence on the contact area of ​​the tires and thus on the drainage of water between the road and the tires when it rains. Reduce your speed when it starts to rain and adjust it immediately to the visibility and traffic conditions. The slower you drive, the lower the risk of aquaplaning. If you notice that the steering effect suddenly drops on a wet road, do not apply the brakes under any circumstances. As soon as the tires suddenly come into contact with the road, braking leads to uncontrollable vehicle reactions. Try to keep the steering wheel as straight as possible so that you don't skid if the tires grip again. Invest in new tires early enough. Don't skimp on security. Sources: www.avd.de http://de.wikipedia.org read more Obligation to use winter tires Danger to road traffic will be punished with increased fines in future After the Oldenburg Higher Regional Court classified the threat of fines in the road traffic regulations regarding incorrect tires as unconstitutional, hardly anyone would have expected that the legal basis would be adjusted again this year. But on November 26, 2010, the Federal Council approved the draft law of Federal Minister of Transport Peter Ramsauer. As soon as the Federal Government implements this recommendation of the Federal Council, the new winter tire regulation applies to “winter road conditions”. [...] Driving on black ice, slippery snow, slush, ice or frosty smoothness without M + S tires with motor vehicles will in future be punished with a fine of 40 euros or more. The draft law is based on the existing designations of the manufacturers when designating the tires. Accordingly, tires with the designation "M + S" are classified as winter tires. If you are still on the road with summer tires now, it is high time to make an appointment with your EFR + dealer to replace the tires. You can have your summer tires stored there professionally and inexpensively. Don't take unnecessary risks. EFR + wishes you a good trip in the cool season. Read more Overview of weather conditions / Recommended tires Summer road conditions: Temperatures above 7 degrees Celsius / Dry or wet road Suitable tires: Summer or all-season tires with a minimum tread depth of 3mm Winter road conditions: Temperatures below 7 degrees Celsius / Smooth road through slush, snow and ice Suitable tires: Winter or all-season tires with a minimum tread depth of 4mm [...] suitable tires with regard to the axle positions: same make, same tread design and same load and speed indices per axle. As a consumer, you can find out about the results of independent tests of summer, winter and all-season tires at any time. For example at Stiftung Warentest, the ADAC or motor magazines. ADAC test results Source: Federal Council press release / opinion of the BRV on the judgment of the Oldenburg Higher Regional Court on "situational winter tire duty" from a technical / regulatory perspective in particular. read more Our partner Continental informs You have deactivated the integration of YouTube videos in the data protection settings. If you still want to see this video, please activate this function. Is your car fit for the cold season? After the first harbingers of winter have made us aware in the last few weeks that it is best to be prepared early enough for a sudden change in the weather, here are a few tips on how you can make your car fit for winter. Clear view for free travel Because the braking distances tend to get longer in winter, nothing should restrict your view. Neither by ice from outside, nor by condensate on the inside of the pane. It is best to replace the wiper blades of your windscreen wipers early enough and mix an anti-freeze preparation with the wiper water. Your EFR + dealer has various cleaning water additives on offer. Avoid experiments with alcohol. In the worst case, this will damage the pump or the hoses of the wiper system. Staying on track safely The rule of thumb says: winter tires from October to Easter. During this period you are on the safe side with winter tires. We already have the first frosty nights behind us and experience from last year shows that winter can be very persistent. Check the profile before fitting your tires. As soon as it has run down to less than 4 mm, the tires lose the necessary grip on snow-covered roads. You should also pay attention to the date of manufacture of the tires. You should not be older than 6 years. This information can be found in the DOT identifier - a four-digit number that indicates both the week of manufacture and the year of manufacture of the tire. Use the EFR + service and have your tires fitted by a specialist. You can store your tires comfortably and professionally with us. We can also advise you when it is essential to buy a new set of winter tires. Avoid moisture in the car You should grease the locks of your car with oil or graphite before the onset of winter. This preventive treatment prevents moisture from collecting in it and freezing the mechanics at freezing temperatures. If you still need to use the door lock deicer, you should then grease the lock again. You should clean the rubber seals in the doors and then rub them in with a talcum pencil. This prevents the gums from freezing and they keep moisture out of the interior of your car. Source: Automobile Club of Germany. [As of October 26, 2010] All around satisfied! Complete wheels from € 155.00 Tire offers Tires from € 39 More than tires! Use our auto service purchasing company Free tire dealer Where service is a top priority. Address Freier Tire Dealer mbH & Co. KG Königsplatz 40 34117 Kassel Contact +49 (561) 585980 +49 (561) 5859820 info@efr-online.de © 2020 Freier Tire Dealer mbH & Co. KG | Imprint | Privacy Policy Privacy settings