Cheap car service, car service, brakes, oil, exhaust | EFR Online JavaScript is required to use all functions of this website. To be able to use the customizable functions of this website, you must allow cookies in your browser. Purchasing company Free tire dealer Where service is a top priority. Dealer Location Radius 5 km 10 km 20 km 50 km Navigation Dealer search Home tires PKWSUV 4x4TransporterMotorradLKWAckerschlepperIndustrie / StaplerEM / Wheel Loaders Wheel Configurator brand car service AchsvermessungAuspuff Service Battery Service Brake Service general inspection inspection oil change shock absorbers Air Service Offers Auto Service Tires Wheels Rims promotional brochure services AuswuchtenReifenmontageReifenreparaturMatchenReifeneinlagerungRäderwäscheAltreifenentsorgungLeasing and FlotteReifenversicherungEFR blog ERA BlogGewinnspielRadiospotEFR knowledge ERA WissenRDKSReifenlabelKontakt Contact Join The ERA-car service About our service around the tire, we offer a range of other services as part of our car service. Ask your EFR dealer about additional services that are suitable for your car (only at participating dealers). Even if you should not save on safety: Our professional assembly service is not only good, but also cheap! Wheel alignment By potholes or driving over curbs, the chassis components adjust over time. In order to avoid poor road holding, a longer braking distance and higher tire wear, the chassis geometry should be checked at regular intervals by a specialist. Thanks to a professional wheel alignment, we can see in a few minutes whether the suspension components need to be readjusted by our mechanics. By precisely adjusting the axle geometry, you increase your safety and also the mileage of your tires. Exhaust service Due to wetness and salt (especially in winter) and condensation inside, your exhaust is exposed to corrosion every day. If this corrosion progresses, loud noises, higher petrol consumption and lower engine power can be the unpleasant consequences. We therefore offer you the right parts in OEM quality for almost all vehicle types and brands. The professional installation service is a matter of course for us. Shock absorber service Contrary to popular belief, an intact shock absorber not only ensures more driving comfort, but above all, more driving safety! Only with an intact shock absorber does the steering not flutter and the driver remains in control of his vehicle. The braking distance is shortened and tire wear is even. Safety - economy - comfort: three good reasons to have the shock absorbers checked regularly! We not only offer you a first-class installation service at a good price, but also a piece of indispensable security. Battery service The car battery is the heart of your engine. If it doesn't work properly, your car won't run. Due to the new engine generations, vehicles require a battery with high starting power. Furthermore, safety and comfort settings such as lights, blowers, seat heating and a heated rear window all require electricity. The battery is extremely stressed, especially in winter on short journeys. Come to us and let us check your battery! If you need a new battery, with the right brands we have not only powerful, but also safe batteries in OEM quality. Air conditioning service Modern air conditioning systems are under constant load and should function smoothly all year round. Your air conditioning system is constantly under pressure and gradually loses some coolant. Almost every driver knows the consequences, unpleasant smells in the vehicle and reduced cooling capacity in summer. To prevent this from happening, have your air conditioning system checked by us once a year. We check whether all components are still in perfect condition and, if necessary, fill your air conditioning system with new refrigerant. Of course, we also replace the cabin filter if necessary, so that germs in the car have no chance. Oil change Hardly anything strains your engine as much as the use of old or too little engine oil: the resulting increased friction between the cylinder and piston leads to a reduction in engine performance. Not only does the engine wear out over time, fuel consumption and exhaust emissions also increase. With regular and timely oil changes, we ensure that you not only protect your engine, but also your wallet. To increase the service life of your engine, we only use particularly free-flowing, engine-friendly oil - i.e. high-performance lubricants that correspond to the special features of the respective engine type and the manufacturer's specifications. Inspection To prevent damage to the vehicle, cars must be inspected at regular intervals. The service intervals are specified by each manufacturer. You should absolutely adhere to the specifications of the vehicle manufacturer, as this will increase the mileage of your vehicle and ensure that traffic safety is maintained. We carry out the necessary inspection according to the manufacturer's specifications and only exchange what really needs to be replaced. Of course, we talk to you about it beforehand and only install spare parts in original equipment quality. After each inspection, you will of course get a stamp in your service booklet, so that the manufacturer's guarantee is retained. HU HU appointment is every two years. New cars must be checked for the first time after 36 months. In order to save you time, effort and effort, you can have the HU carried out directly on site - by an officially sworn expert, of course. Purchasing company Free tire dealer Where service is a top priority. Address Freier Tire Dealer mbH & Co. KG Königsplatz 40 34117 Kassel Contact +49 (561) 585980 +49 (561) 5859820 info@efr-online.de © 2020 Freier Tire Dealer mbH & Co. KG | Imprint | Privacy Policy Privacy settings