Tire pressure monitoring systems (TPMS) | EFR Online JavaScript is required to use all functions of this website. To be able to use the customizable functions of this website, you must allow cookies in your browser. Purchasing company Free tire dealer Where service is a top priority. Dealer Location Radius 5 km 10 km 20 km 50 km Navigation Dealer search Home tires PKWSUV 4x4TransporterMotorradLKWAckerschlepperIndustrie / StaplerEM / Wheel Loaders Wheel Configurator brand car service AchsvermessungAuspuff Service Battery Service Brake Service general inspection inspection oil change shock absorbers Air Service Offers Auto Service Tires Wheels Rims promotional brochure services AuswuchtenReifenmontageReifenreparaturMatchenReifeneinlagerungRäderwäscheAltreifenentsorgungLeasing and FlotteReifenversicherungEFR blog ERA BlogGewinnspielRadiospotEFR knowledge ERA WissenRDKSReifenlabelKontakt Contact Us Join the tire pressure monitoring systems (TPMS) From 11/01/2014 Duty! From November 1, 2014, all newly registered cars and motorhomes (class M1) in the EU must have an integrated TPMS that is already installed during vehicle manufacture. However, it is not uncommon for vehicles that were newly registered before November 1st, 2014 to be affected. TPMS stands for Tire Pressure Control System and is used for the automatic, permanent monitoring of the tire pressure. A pressure drop is shown on the dashboard display and can be quickly remedied. What systems are there? A distinction is made between indirect and direct TPMS. For indirect systems, among other things, the ABS electronics measure the tire pressure from the current tire speed with the help of existing ABS sensors. Direct systems monitor the pressure with sensors that are located in all tires. Direct TPMS provide very precise data and enable additional functions, but require additional effort for maintenance, wheel and tire changes. An effort that is worthwhile for you! Direct measurement TPMS on board? Benefit from the advantages! A professionally maintained TPMS not only offers you advantages in driving safety, it also saves you money. More safety! Optimal tire pressure means road contact with the entire tread and therefore optimal grip - for short braking distances, high cornering stability and more driving comfort. You will also be informed or warned by a warning light if the target air pressure of your tires is significantly undercut. Cost less! Optimal tire pressure ensures even abrasion, reduces tire wear and rolling resistance - for a longer tire life and less fuel consumption. More environmental protection! Less fuel consumption also means a reduction in vehicle CO2 emissions. And because of the longer tire life, fewer old tires are produced. Your direct measuring TPMS - a clear case for our experts! - In vehicles with direct TPMS, the valves must be serviced and the sensors checked every time the tires are changed. This ensures the functionality of the system. In order to ensure trouble-free communication with the TPMS receiver, vehicle-specific programming of the sensors and / or a learning process for the on-board electronics is required for new tires. In addition to special tools and the most modern diagnostic and programming technology, well-founded TPMS know-how is required for all of these activities - our experts offer everything! Our range of services for your direct TPMS: Functional testing of existing sensors, maintenance of the valves (checking and, if necessary, renewal of TPMS-specific wear parts such as valve insert, cap, nut, seal) Programming and installation of new sensors / Sensors for your vehicle type Any questions about TPMS? We are happy to assist and advise you! EFR WissensRDKSReifenlabel Purchasing company Independent tire dealer Where service is a top priority. Address Freier Tire Dealer mbH & Co. KG Königsplatz 40 34117 Kassel Contact +49 (561) 585980 +49 (561) 5859820 info@efr-online.de © 2020 Freier Tire Dealer mbH & Co. KG | Imprint | Privacy Policy Privacy settings