Privacy Policy Motorcycle restoration Christoph Axtmann | Velocette Triumph Motorbike Repair Motorcycle Restoration Christoph Axtmann Marxzell Home News & Dates Restoration & Repair Spare Parts CNC Milling Sandblasting Mechanical Processing Contact and Directions Imprint Privacy Policy You are here: Privacy Policy , is: Christoph Axtmann Burbacher Straße 2 76359 Marxzell Germany Contact: Phone: +49 (0) 7248/932444 E-Mail: christoph.axtmann@t-online.de Data collection Usage data that we collect when you visit our website: If When you visit one of our websites, the date and time of the page visit and the IP address of your computer are recorded and saved for the web statistics. The data is recorded by the server operator of our website and you can use this link to obtain further information on the scope, purpose and duration of the data analysis and storage: Data protection declaration of the server operator of our website The statistical data offered by our server operator when you visit our website will become data not evaluated, passed on or saved by us. If you contact us, we will store your personal address data, possibly your email address and telephone number. Under no circumstances will we pass this data on to third parties. Your rights as a data subject You can exercise the following rights at any time using the contact details of our responsible body within the meaning of data protection laws: information about your data stored with us and their processing (Art. 15 GDPR), correction of incorrect personal data (Art. 16 GDPR), deletion of your data Data stored by us (Art. 17 GDPR), restriction of data processing, insofar as we are not yet allowed to delete your data due to legal obligations (Art. 18 GDPR), objection to the processing of your data by us (Art. 21 GDPR) and data portability, if you have consented to data processing or have concluded a contract with us (Art. 20 GDPR). If you have given us your consent, you can revoke it at any time with future effect. You can contact the supervisory authority responsible for you at any time with a complaint (Art. 77 GDPR in conjunction with Section 19 BDSG). The competent supervisory authority depends on the state of your place of residence, your work or the alleged violation. A list of the supervisory authorities (for the non-public area) with address can be found at: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html. Use of Google Maps Type and purpose of processing: We use the offer of Google Maps on this website. Google Maps is operated by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (hereinafter "Google"). This enables us to show you interactive maps directly on the website and enables you to use the map function conveniently. When you visit the website, Google receives information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. This takes place regardless of whether Google provides a user account that you are logged in to or whether there is no user account. If you are logged in to Google, your data will be assigned directly to your account. If you do not want your Google profile to be assigned, you must log out of Google before activating the button. Google stores your data as usage profiles and uses them for the purposes of advertising, market research and / or the needs-based design of its website. Such an evaluation is carried out in particular (even for users who are not logged in) to provide needs-based advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right to object to the creation of these user profiles, and you must contact Google to exercise them. If you do not want Google to collect, process or use data about you via our website, you can deactivate JavaScript in your browser settings. In this case, however, you cannot use our website or only use it to a limited extent. You can find more information about data processing by Google in the Google data protection information. There you can also change your personal data protection settings in the data protection center. You can find detailed instructions on how to manage your own data in connection with Google products here. Legal basis: The legal basis for the integration of Google Maps and the associated data transfer to Google is your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 a GDPR). Recipient: When you visit the website, Google receives information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. This takes place regardless of whether Google provides a user account that you are logged in to or whether there is no user account. If you are logged in to Google, your data will be assigned directly to your account. If you do not want your Google profile to be assigned, you must log out of Google before activating the button. Google stores your data as usage profiles and uses them for the purposes of advertising, market research and / or the needs-based design of its website. Such an evaluation is carried out in particular (even for users who are not logged in) to provide needs-based advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right to object to the creation of these user profiles, and you must contact Google to exercise them. Further information on the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing by the plug-in provider can be found in the provider's data protection declaration. There you will also find further information on your rights and setting options to protect your privacy (https://policies.google.com/privacy.) Storage period: We do not collect any personal data by integrating Google Maps. Further information on Google Maps can be found in Google's data protection declaration (https://policies.google.com/privacy). Third country transfer: Google processes your data in the USA and has submitted to the EU_US Privacy Shield https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. Revocation of consent: If you do not want Google to collect, process or use data about you via our website, you can deactivate JavaScript in your browser settings. In this case, however, you cannot use our website or only use it to a limited extent. Provision required or required: The provision of your personal data is voluntary, solely on the basis of your consent. If you prevent access, this may result in functional restrictions on the website. Embedded YouTube videos Type and purpose of processing: We embed YouTube videos on some of our websites. The operator of the corresponding plugins is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA (hereinafter "YouTube"). When you visit a page with the YouTube plugin, a connection to YouTube servers is established. YouTube is informed which pages you visit. If you are logged into your YouTube account, YouTube can assign your surfing behavior to you personally. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account beforehand. If a YouTube video is started, the provider uses cookies that collect information about user behavior. For more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and processing by YouTube, please refer to the provider's data protection declaration, where you will also find further information on your rights and setting options to protect your privacy (https://policies.google.com/privacy) . Google processes your data in the USA and has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework Legal basis: The legal basis for the integration of YouTube and the associated data transfer to Google is your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 a GDPR). Recipient: Calling YouTube automatically triggers a connection to Google. Storage duration and revocation of consent: Those who have deactivated the storage of cookies for the Google ad program will not have to expect such cookies when watching YouTube videos. YouTube also stores non-personal usage information in other cookies. If you want to prevent this, you must block the storage of cookies in the browser. Further information on data protection at "YouTube" can be found in the provider's data protection declaration at: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/ Third country transfer: Google processes your data in the USA and has EU_US privacy Shield subjected to https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. Provision required or required: The provision of your personal data is voluntary, solely on the basis of your consent. If you prevent access, this may result in functional restrictions on the website. Changes to our data protection regulations We reserve the right to adapt this data protection declaration so that it always corresponds to the current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the data protection declaration, e.g. when introducing new services. The new data protection declaration then applies to your next visit. Questions to the data protection officer If you have any questions about data protection, please send us an e-mail or contact the responsible body specified above in terms of data protection laws. The data protection declaration was created with the data protection declaration generator of activeMind AG (version 2018-06-12). up