Motorcycle restoration Velocette and classic Triumph | Christoph Axtmann | Velocette Triumph Motorbike Repair Motorcycle Restoration Christoph Axtmann Marxzell Home News & Dates Restoration & Repair Spare Parts CNC Milling Sandblasting Mechanical Processing Contact and Directions Imprint Privacy Policy You are here: Home Motorcycle Restoration Marxzell Hello and welcome, you are on the homepage of the company Motorradrestauration in Marxzell. My name is Christoph Axtmann and I would like to show you on this website what our company can do for you. Hello and welcome. Thanks for visting our homepage. My name is Christoph Axtman and I am the owner of Motorradrestauration in Marxzell, Germany. Let me give you a short overview of our work and its main emphasis. Restoration and repair The focus of our work is on the engine repair of classic British motorcycle brands - with a focus on Velocette, Triumph and Norton. We specialize in Velocette OHV singles, here we also offer partial or complete restoration. Our established workshop service priorities encompass repair and restoration of classic british motorcycles, with emphasis on Velocette, Triumph and Norton. Velocette OHV singles being our specialty, we do offer partial, as well as, complete restoration of those. Restoration & Repair Sales and manufacture of spare parts Another focus of our work is the design and manufacture of improved or unavailable spare and add-on parts. We manufacture spare parts in the field of CNC turning and milling ourselves. You can also get spare parts for Velocette and Triumph (up to 1980). Another focus lies on the area of ​​design and manufacture of improved or out of stock replacement parts, accessories or attachments. We have a small batch production of mechanical parts on CNC milling and turning machines. We also sell replacement parts for Velocette and Triumph up to 1980. Spare parts CNC turning and milling work Do you need individual part production according to your own wishes? We offer mechanical processing in the area of ​​milling and turning. Here are a few examples. Are you looking for individual production of parts? We offer single production of mechanical parts on the CNC milling machine. Following are some examples of our work. CNC turning and milling work Mechanical processing Here we offer mechanical processing in the area of ​​turning and milling. We use a few examples to explain our options. You own parts which have to be machined by milling or turning? Many times we can do the job for you. Following are examples of our possibilities. Mechanical processing Contact information -contact- Motorcycle restoration - Christoph Axtmann - Marxzell Telephone: 07248/932444 (weekdays 10 a.m. - 6 p.m.) E-mail: motorradrestauration@t-online.de Contact and directions to the top