Imprint | Motorcycle restoration Christoph Axtmann | Velocette Triumph Motorcycle Repair Motorcycle Restoration Christoph Axtmann Marxzell Home News & Dates Restoration & Repair Spare Parts CNC Milling Sandblasting Mechanical Processing Contact and Directions Imprint Privacy Policy You are here: Imprint Imprint Information according to § 5 TMG: MOTORRADRESTAURATION Christoph Axtmann Burbacher Straße 2 76359 Marxzell Germany Contact: Telephone: +49 (0) 7248/932444 Email: christoph.axtmann@t-online.de VAT ID: DE143188393 Information on online dispute resolution: The EU Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution on the Internet . This platform serves as a contact point for out-of-court settlement of disputes arising from online purchase or service contracts between retailers and consumers. This takes you to the OS platform: https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/ I am neither willing nor obliged to participate in a dispute settlement procedure before a consumer arbitration board. Concept and page design Ute Linder ute.linder@googlemail.com Disclaimer 1. Disclaimer The content of this website is created with the greatest possible care. However, the provider does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of the content provided. The use of the content of the website is at the user's own risk. Contributions identified by name reflect the opinion of the respective author and not always the opinion of the provider. The mere use of the provider's website does not create any contractual relationship between the user and the provider. 2. External links This website contains links to third party websites ("external links"). These websites are the responsibility of the respective operators. When the external links were first linked, the provider checked the third-party content to determine whether there were any legal violations. No violations of the law were evident at the time. The provider has no influence on the current and future design and on the content of the linked pages. Setting external links does not mean that the provider adopts the content behind the reference or link. A permanent control of the external links is not reasonable for the provider without concrete indications of legal violations. With knowledge of legal violations, however, such external links will be deleted immediately. 3. Copyright and ancillary copyright The content published on this website is subject to German copyright and ancillary copyright. Any use not permitted by German copyright and ancillary copyright law requires the prior written consent of the provider or the respective rights holder. This applies in particular to the duplication, editing, translation, storage, processing or reproduction of content in databases or other electronic media and systems. Contents and rights of third parties are marked as such. The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of individual contents or entire pages is not permitted and is punishable by law. Only the production of copies and downloads for personal, private and non-commercial use is permitted. The presentation of this website in third-party frames is only permitted with written permission. 4. Data protection By visiting the website of the provider, information about the access (date, time, page viewed) can be saved. This data is not personal data, but is anonymized. They are evaluated for statistical purposes only. It will not be passed on to third parties for commercial or non-commercial purposes. The provider expressly points out that data transmission on the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) has security gaps and cannot be completely protected against access by third parties. The use of the contact details of the imprint for commercial advertising is expressly not desired unless the provider has given his prior written consent or there is already a business relationship. The provider and all persons named on this website hereby object to any commercial use and disclosure of their data. 5. Special conditions of use Insofar as special conditions for individual uses of this website deviate from the aforementioned numbers 1 to 4, this is expressly pointed out at the appropriate place. In this case, the special terms of use apply in each individual case. Source: Disclaimer from Juraforum.de. up