Mechanical processing Motorcycle restoration Christoph Axtmann | Norton | Velocette | Triumph Motorcycle Restoration Christoph Axtmann Marxzell Home News & Dates Restoration & Repair Spare Parts CNC Milling Sandblasting Mechanical Processing Contact and Directions Imprint Data Protection Declaration Here it goes back to: Home Mechanical Processing Often you want to change components in the restoration of vehicles and other projects to adapt and use them. You quickly reach the limits of your options, but we can offer our help with some things. Here are some examples. Reworking engine housing parts A Norton Commando should be retrofitted with a beautifully designed electric starter. Unfortunately, during assembly it turned out that the new chain case on the inside of the rear wall was not worked out deep enough and the primary chain washed the housing. The housing was milled deeper inside the chain's range of motion. Repairing and strengthening the Velocette Viper, Venom and MSS engine housings The designers saved material on the Velocette Viper, Venom, MSS and Thruxton engine housings on the left crankshaft main bearing seat. The tapered roller bearing is held in place by only a little aluminum and unfortunately is often pushed out into the open by the crankshaft. In the best case scenario, only the rear wall of the bearing seat is broken out, but sometimes the entire seat breaks out. We have been offering our sophisticated and permanent repairs for many years: the housing is precisely measured and the damaged bearing seat is milled out. An insert is made of high-strength aluminum and shrunk into the housing with a positive fit and then glued for safety. With a wide collar that is slightly recessed into the housing, it is supported extensively on the inner wall and transfers the bearing forces into the housing without tension peaks. The aluminum alloy used has about 3 to 4 times the strength of the original casting and has never been broken again in later operation. After the bond has hardened, the bearing seat is milled back into the housing. The housing is now not only repaired, but also sustainably reinforced. A consequential damage is not yet known for this repair. The last two pictures show the removal of an old repair approach, in which a steel bush was screwed to the housing. However, steel has a lower thermal expansion than aluminum, so that the workpiece used can loosen at high temperatures and cracks can form around the screw holes. In this case, the housing was turned out further and a thick-walled oversize repair socket was used. Grinding the Velocette Viper, Venom and MSS rocker arms The rocker arms are equipped with a soldered hard metal tread and can be reground if worn. up