Privacy policy. Cookies policy. Danpol Łódź This site uses cookies. Staying on it, you agree to the use of cookies. I accept cookies. Learn more. Rzgowska 222A, 93-317 Łódź tel. 42 646 27 22, cell601 897 038 Danpol Łódź www.uamedopony.net sklep@ukujeopony.net Home Our Offer Services and Service Access Contact Privacy policy Privacy policy Danpol the owner of the website www.uamedopony. net, makes every effort to ensure that the privacy of website users is properly protected. In order to implement lawful, transparent and secure processing of personal data, we accept this Privacy Policy, which applies from May 25, 2018. §.1 General provisions The data administrator is Danpol with its registered office in Łódź at ul. Rzgowska 222a, NIP: 7291738813, REGON: 471382198. Data protection is carried out in accordance with the requirements of generally applicable law, and their storage takes place on secured servers at reputable service providers. If you have questions about the processing of personal data and your rights, please contact us by e-mail: sklep@uamedopony.net. The term 'GDPR' means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data and repealing Directive 95/46 / EC (general Data Protection Regulation). §2. Scope, purposes and legal basis for the processing of personal data Due to the fact that we use contact details in various matters through the utilizedopony.net website, we process users' personal data for various purposes, in different scopes and on different legal grounds. Below we present information on the processing of personal data grouped according to the purpose of data processing: - presentation of the offer of our services and the products we offer. Scope of data: In order to prepare and present the offer of our services and the products we offer, we process personal data sent via the contact form: Name and name, Email address, Telephone number, IP address, Message content. Legal basis: Legitimate purpose (processing at the request of the data subject). - handling other queries from the contact form Data range: In order to respond to queries that are not a request for the offer of our services and products offered, we process data sent using the contact form: Name, email address, telephone number, IP address, content messages. Legal basis: Legitimate purpose (processing at the request of the data subject). In the case of personal data obtained in a way other than through the utilizedopony.net website (by phone, email, etc.), we also process it only for the purpose for which it was provided and for the time necessary to achieve this purpose. The personal data obtained is processed in accordance with the provisions on the protection of personal data and in accordance with the implemented Privacy Policy. §3. Users' rights related to the processing and transfer of personal data Each person whose personal data relates to has the right to: a) access their personal data, b) rectify personal data, c) delete personal data, d) limit the processing of personal data, e) transferring personal data, f) objecting to the processing of personal data, g) withdrawing the previously expressed consent to the processing of personal data. To exercise your rights, please contact us at sklep@uamedopony.net. We reserve the right to process personal data after withdrawal of consent (objection) only to the extent of the need to pursue any claims before a court or if national, EU or international law obliges us to retain data. If necessary, the User's personal data and other data will be made available to entities authorized under applicable law (e.g. law enforcement authorities). §4. Cookies Policy "Cookies" files, so-called "cookies" are small files saved on the User's disk when they visit websites. A cookie usually contains, among others, the name of the website from which it originates, the lifetime of the cookie or a randomly generated unique number used to identify the browser you are using. Our cookies do not pose a threat to your computer - we do not save personal data in them. We only use them to collect data that later helps us improve the site. These files in no way change the settings of your computer or the settings of the software installed on it. Two types of cookies can be used on our website - session cookies and permanent cookies. Sessions remain on your computer only while using the site, while permanent ones remain on your computer as long as they have a set lifetime or until you delete them. The website www.uamedopony.net uses "cookies" (cookies) and similar technologies primarily to: - optimize the use of our site by Users, - collect information on statistics. We use "cookies" to collect general and anonymous statistical data through the following analytical and marketing tools: - Google Analytics (Google Inc. based in the USA), - Google AdWords (Google Ireland Limited based in Ireland), - Facebook (Facebook Ireland Ltd. with headquarters in Ireland), - OVH (OVH Sp. Z o.o. with headquarters in Poland). If you do not agree, change your browser settings. If you do not change the settings, you agree to save cookies on your drive. All modern web browsers allow you to enable or disable the cookie mechanism (it is usually enabled by default). If you do not want to receive cookies, you can change your browser settings yourself. A detailed description of the settings change in the most popular web browsers is given below: Internet Explorer Mozilla Firefox Chrome Opera Safari Instructions for mobile devices: Android iOS (Safari) Within various mobile systems, many different web browsers are available. Detailed information on cookie settings can usually be obtained in the settings of the browser used. More information about "cookies" can be found at: wszystkoociasteczkach.pl © Danpol Łódź 2018 Created by netpassion.pl Click +1 and recommend our site to other Google+ users. Thank you! Call us.