Danpol Łódź - Tire Service - Vulcanization - Tires and Rims This site uses cookies. Staying on it, you agree to the use of cookies. I accept cookies. Learn more. Rzgowska 222A, 93-317 Łódź tel. 42 646 27 22, cell601 897 038 Danpol Łódź www.uamedopony.net sklep@uamedopony.net Home Our offer Services and service Access Contact About us »Selected prices of tires and services» Online store ( TIRES) »Tire catalog prices» Information, interesting facts, tire and rim parameters »Automotive links» Our Allegro auctions »Legal notice» Privacy Policy »Site map (sitemap) In our offer: Japanese Bridgestone tires Czech Barum tires (Continental group) BFGoodrich tires (Michelin group) Aluminum rims ANZIO French tires Michelin tires Continental tires Vredestein tires Dunlop tires German alloys BORBET German tires Kleber Japanese tires Falken Firestone tires (Bridgestone group) German tires Fulda Italian tires Pirelli Rims DEZENT Leichtmetallräder tires Goodyear tires Korean tires Hanormoran tires Michelin group) Swiss Maloya tires Aluminum rims ENZO Finnish op ony Nokian Tires Yokohama Polish tires Dębica (Goodyear group) Japanese Toyo tires Alloy wheels Ronal Tires Uniroyal Tires Platin Slovenian tires Sava tires 4x4 from USA Cooper Tires Rims Leialmetallfelgen tires Dayton tires (Bridgestone group) Korean Kumho tires Spanish tires Maten tires Roadstone tires Polish wheels ATT Austrian tires Semperit (Continental group) Chinese tires Wanli Retreaded tires Profile Taiwanese tires Maxxis Tires and Rims - Tire service and Auto service - Danpol Łódź Do you need new tires? Or are you interested in used or retreaded tires? Do you want to buy aluminum or steel rims? Are you looking for a workshop to replace pads, brake discs, shock absorbers or other ongoing repairs? ... Come and visit us! We are a Łódź company specializing in the sale and service of tires and ongoing repairs for years. Many years of experience in the automotive industry means that our services are always of high quality. We strive to ensure that professional equipment and qualified employees meet the requirements of all our customers! Our current offer includes new, used and retreaded tires - both summer and winter. We have a large selection of cheap tires for cars and vans (reinforced vans). We also sell aluminum and steel rims from renowned manufacturers and related accessories (screws, nuts, centering rings, wheel protectors). We provide comprehensive maintenance services such as: seasonal tire replacement, tire condition checking, tire repair (including repair of side damage "hot"), wheel repair (straightening of alloy wheels and straightening of steel wheels), etc. We provide service and service for TPMS pressure sensors (checking sensors, copying / cloning sensors, programming new sensors). Vulcanization is not everything, we also provide car air conditioning service. By using, among others from Bosch devices we perform: filling (studding) with coolant, fumigation (ozonation), auto air conditioning service. Tire service in Łódź at 222a Rzgowska Street is open from Monday to Friday, from 8:00 to 18:00 and on all Saturdays from 8:00 to 14:00. How to find us: access map. You're welcome! © Danpol Łódź 2018 Website design Click +1 and recommend our site to other Google+ users. Thank you! Call us.