ESD Breakdown Towing, Convenience store in Roquebrune-sur-Argens, tug in the Var 83 Fermervvvvbvv PROMOTIONS Hello and welcome to our site. ESD gives you regular discounts and reductions. By regularly visiting our site you can discover our promotional offers limited in time! See you soon For more info OUR NEWS GET A QUOTE BE RECALLED 24 hours a day 7 days a week ZA des Garillans - RN7 83520 ROQUEBRUNE SUR ARGENS Tel: 04 94 19 05 06 ESD Our means Breakdown Towing Overhaul Maintenance Repair Transport Plan and Contact OUR NEWS GET A QUOTE BE RECALLED Tugboat convenience store Roquebrune-sur-Argens (83) Euro Service Dépannage (ESD) is a breakdown and towing company located in Roquebrune-sur-Argens in the Var (83). Our towing convenience stores operate within an average radius of 100 km around Fréjus Saint-Raphaël. For 20 years, on all sites, in the most diverse situations, the experience and qualification of our staff, the performance of our equipment and our logistics have enabled us to carry out all types of repairs, winches, cranes and towing on roads and highways. ESD, a towing convenience store located in the Var (83), provides even the most unusual towing and repair work, on all vehicles (cars, motorcycles, quads, boats, caravans, motorhomes, trailers, collector vehicles). ESD is a certified transport capacity, motorway approved, and meets NF standards. ESD, our business, assist you! ESD is the preferred partner of the largest garages and car, motorcycle and truck concessions in the Var-Est. Assistance and breakdown assistance 7 days a week and 24 hours a day… serious and quality included. Breakdown assistance Towing Guarding Grouping before repatriation Breakdowns Accidents Thefts Removal of wreckage Overhaul Maintenance Repair Transport Etc. A mechanical workshop has been specially set up to carry out maintenance and repairs on your vehicle. This workshop is run by a highly experienced mechanic, who works for mechanical work and pneumatic replacements. A 32-ton heavy-duty tow truck equipped with 2 large winches and a workshop van are available for the breakdown service, towing and winching of your heavy goods vehicles, from the small truck to the semi-trailer (flatbed, tank, car transporter, tipper, and many others). Because of our activity, we work in close collaboration with 5 gendarmerie brigades as well as the municipal police forces of various municipalities (Roquebrune-sur-Argens, Fréjus Saint-Raphael, Saint-Aygulf, Les Adrets-de-l'Esterel, Le Muy, La Motte, Bagnols-en-Forêt, Saint-Paul-en-Forêt, Tourrettes, Tanneron and Puget-sur-Argens) in the context of road accidents, impoundments and wreck removal that pollute your environment and unnecessarily clutter up the available parking lots. ESD is also a partner of many rental agencies for building and public works equipment; our trucks allow us to carry out transport and crane operations on machines up to 30 tonnes (mechanical shovels, rollers, loaders, containers, tractors, compactors, aerial work platforms). Siren: 400 958 781 - ZA des Garillans - RN7, 83520 ROQUEBRUNE SUR ARGENS - Tel: 04 94 19 05 06 Euro Service Dépannage (ESD) is a breakdown, towing, winching, crane and transport company located in Roquebrune-sur- Argens in the Var (83). Our towing convenience stores are involved in 83, 06, 13 and 04. ESD Our means Breakdown Towing Overhaul Maintenance Repair Transport Our news Get a quote Be reminded Map and Contact Legal info