Citroën Dealers and Services - Search ALL POINTS OF THE OFFICIAL CITROËN SPAIN NETWORK ALL THE OFFICIAL CITROËN NETWORK IN SPAIN Discover the entire network of Citroën official dealers and services in Spain. Access directly to all network points as well as their sites. You can make appointments online and discover the stock of new and used vehicles, after-sales services, original spare parts and promotional offers at your nearest Citroën Network Point. FIND THE NEAREST CITRO CITN OFFICIAL NETWORK POINT ANDALUCIA Andalusia ANDORRA ARAGON Aragon ASTURIAS Asturias, Principality of BALEARES Balears (Illes) Balears, Illes Cáceres Cádiz CANTAIAS CANTAUNIA CASTILLA LE CASTILLA CASTILLA LE CASTILLA CASTILLA CASTILLA VALENCIANA Comunitat Valenciana EXTREMADURA GALICIA GIBRALTAR Girona ISLAS BALEARES MADRID Madrid, Community of MELILLA MURCIA Murcia, Region of NAVARRA Navarra, Comunidad Foral de PAIS VASCO RIOJA, LA Soria Valencia VALENCIANA Legal note SiteMap Follow us Accepter cookies * The general conditions of use of the site The site www.citroen.es is aimed at the personal information of Internet users who make use of it and their access and use are governed by the present general conditions indicated below, as well as by the applicable legislation. The connection and access to this site www.citroen.es implies acceptance, in full and without reservation, by the Internet user of all the stipulations of these General Conditions. Index of headings: 1. Intellectual property rights 2. Information on products and services 3. Protection of personal data 4. Hyperlinks 5. Applicable legislation and competent jurisdiction 6. Management of access codes 7. Limitation of liability 8. Setting up to date 9. Financing information 10. Cookies The website has been published by PSAG Automóviles Comercial España, SA, CI.F. A-82844473, with registered office in Madrid, C / Eduardo Barreiros 110, 28041, registered in the Madrid Mercantile Registry, Volume 15,985, Book 0, Folio 152, Section 8, Sheet M-270409, 1st registration. Contact: CARe & Business Responsible for the publication of the website: • Director of the publication: Antoine Burguiere • Responsible for the website: Jerónimo Molina • Address: C / Eduardo Barreiros, nº 110, 28041, Madrid. 1. Intellectual property rights Citroën informs users of this website that many of its elements: a) are protected by copyright law, especially in the case of photographs, articles, drawings, animation sequences, ...; b) and / or are protected by the legislation on designs, particularly the vehicle models that appear on the website; c) they are protected by trademark legislation, especially the Citroën brand, the “Two Chevrons” brand (representing the Citroën logo) and the brands of vehicle models that appear on the website. The elements thus protected are the property of AUTOMOBILES CITROËN or a third party that has authorized Citroën to use them. Therefore, any reproduction, representation, use, adaptation, modification, incorporation, translation, commercialization, partial or total, in any form and on all media (paper, digital, ...), without prior written authorization is prohibited. Citroën, except for the exceptions provided by law, which may constitute a violation of Industrial and / or Intellectual Property rights, giving rise to the corresponding civil and criminal responsibilities. 2. Information on products and services The information and illustrations that appear on this website are based on the technical characteristics in force at the time of the online or update of the various pages of the site. The equipment incorporated in the vehicles that appear on this website may be included as standard, be optional or not available, depending on the model.In the framework of a policy of constant product improvement, Citroën may modify, at any time, the technical characteristics, equipment, options and colors of the vehicles. On the other hand, current reproduction techniques do not allow the colors to be faithfully reproduced. The models and / or versions presented on this website, as well as the equipment, options and accessories correspond to those distributed in Spain, and may vary from one country to another or may not be available in all countries of the world. It is pointed out that only the signing of an order or reservation voucher in a sales establishment allows the sale or effective reservation of a vehicle. Services The services presented on this website are those that may be available to members of the participating Citroën network. Regarding spare parts and accessories, the prices indicated for information do not include installation, except in cases of "all-inclusive" prices. These "all inclusive" prices will be valid only during the indicated period. The Citroën commercial network is at your disposal to answer any questions regarding the products and services indicated on this website. 3. Citroën's privacy policy and treatment of personal data: PSAG AUTOMÓVILES COMERCIAL ESPAÑA, S.A.4. Hyperlinks To be able to incorporate a hyperlink by referring to the website www.citroen.es, prior written authorization from Citroën will be necessary, which in no case can be held responsible for the content, as well as the products and services proposed in the Websites to which the page www.citroen.es is connected by hyperlinks or any other type of link. 5. Applicable legislation and competent jurisdiction The website www.citroen.es and these General Conditions, written in Spanish, will be governed by Spanish legislation, excluding the conflict of laws regulations. In case of controversy over the interpretation or execution of the content of the website, the Courts and Tribunals of Madrid capital will be the only competent ones, unless otherwise provided by law. 6. Management of access codes On this website, Citroën offers you different spaces that will allow you to access privileged services (eg: Citroën Connect). To gain access to these spaces, you must enter your e-mail address, full name and choose a password. This access code is strictly personal and you must guarantee its confidentiality. For this, you will be responsible for any use of said access code and, in no case, Citroën can be held responsible in cases of loss or damage caused by the use of such spaces and / or access codes. You must inform Citroën of any fraudulent use of your password or space and disconnect after consulting the website. 7. Limitation of liability The user will access the site www.citroen.es under his sole and entire responsibility. Citroën, its subsidiaries and the members of its network cannot be held responsible for direct or indirect damages, such as, mainly, material damage, loss of data or program, financial damages, consequence of the use of said website or the sites The ones that are linked We highlight the fact that certain products or services presented on the site www.citroen.es may be subject to special regulations, including restrictions and / or prohibitions in some countries. Therefore, you must ensure that the country in which you are connecting allows consultation of the www.citroen.es site. 8. Updating Citroën reserves the right to modify and update, without notice, these General Conditions and any element, product or service that appears on said website. Users will be subject to all these modifications, having to consult these General Conditions on each connection. 9. Financing information All financing offers made on the website www.citroen.es are conditioned on the acceptance of the file by Citroën Financial Services (PSA Financial Services Spain EFC S.A., Branch in Spain). The information published on the website has no contractual value and registration in it does not constitute a financing offer, and the offers and scales may be subject to conditions and depending, in any case, on the acceptance of the file by of Citroën Financial Services. Citroën Financial Services may accept or reject your request once you have accepted, by signing, a previous offer of financing and present, to the Citroën Network member with whom you are dealing, the supporting documents requested about your identity. and patrimonial situation. 10. Cookies What are cookies? Cookies are a "small text file that the server of the web page that you have accessed to browse downloads onto your computer's hard drive." Cookies allow you to store and retrieve information about the user of the equipment that connects to the website and, depending on the information they contain and the way you use your equipment, they can be used to recognize the user who connects. Cookies contain some data, especially: - the name of the server; - often a unique N ° username; - sometimes an expiration date. This information is stored on your computer in a simple text file to which a server has access to read and write information. A cookie is mandatorily assigned a unique domain name (that of the server that registered it), so that it can only be accessed through a search from that server. This website uses cookies. This informs the user that cookies can be installed automatically in their Internet browser when they enter that website. Cookies are files sent to users' hard drives so that they can more easily navigate the website and perform frequency statistics or to display personalized advertising based on the user's browsing. These cookies do not contain, in any case, nominal information. The user may deactivate the use of cookies by modifying the parameters of his Internet browser. THE DIFFERENT TYPES OF COOKIES WE USE The cookies used on our websites are of different types: Anonymous cookies that measure the frequency and use of the online service. Statistical cookies are used to measure the activity of the website (the number of visits, the average time spent by Internet users, the elements they have consulted, ...). The purpose of these cookies is to constantly improve our website to ensure that it meets your needs. Statistical cookies are strictly anonymous and do not allow the visitor to the Website to be identified or personal data to be collected (for example, name, IP address, ...). Technical cookies When connecting to some of our websites, you can enter identifying elements (for example, your client account in MyCitroën, ...). These websites use cookies to, for example, remember your account or your access to a specific service. Third-party cookies (advertising) Most of Citroën's internet advertising is posted on third-party websites and is implemented by media agencies. These third parties can use their own cookies to analyze how many users have seen or “clicked” on an advertising banner installed on the third party's website. These cookies installed by third parties come from the cookie policies of the companies that install them and we do not have access to read or create said cookies. Other third-party cookies Citroën uses other third-party cookies to analyze user tracking on our websites and to propose to you during your navigation, for example, request a brochure, information or a vehicle test when deemed appropriate. These cookies are sent by us or by our technical partners in order to measure the audience of the different contents and sections of our website, in order to better evaluate and organize them. These Cookies also allow, if it is the case, to detect navigation problems and consequently improve the ergonomics of our services for the user who browses the web. These Cookies only collect anonymous statistics and frequency volumes, they exclude all nominal information. These cookies will also be used to personalize our web pages based on the anonymous data collected in all of them. The lifespan of these audience measurement cookies does not exceed 90 days. Flash Cookies The website uses Adobe Flash Player to present part of our content on the Citroen website. To improve your browsing as a user, “local shared object” cookies are used so that you can more easily access certain functions. These flash cookies cannot be managed from your browser, but through the Adobe flash player program. The Adobe site provides explanations of the cookies used http://www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security. PERSONALIZED ADVERTISING: HOW IT WORKS Cookies are installed on your computer, within a specific file, and depending on the Web pages you access, they will be able to memorize: • The Web pages you have recently visited • The products that are from your interest • The information system (language, country, operating system, browser, etc.) to improve the presentation the next time you visit our websites. Citroën personalized advertising: The CentralTag service authorized by Citroën allows Internet users to receive personalized advertising on function of the last pages you have visited (interest shown by a vehicle while browsing the Citroën websites: www.citroen.es, http://configurador.citroen.es/, or http: //www.carstore.citroen .is). You don't want to see this personalized advertising again: To deactivate this personalization, click here: http://www.centraltag.com/commercial/policy/citroen.action CentralTag is a member of the NAI (Network Advertising Initiative). You can also unsubscribe on the website: http://www.networkadvertising.org/. If you do not want our site to collect third-party cookies Krux: you can disable these cookies on the website www.youronlinechoices.com Enter the website http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ to learn more about online behavioral advertising and to learn about blocking options from other IAB member societies. Will I continue to receive advertising if I unsubscribe from the program? Yes, advertising will continue to appear but they will no longer be based on your centers of interest collected in your web browsing.