Trailers center Müller in Saarmund - data protection STARTMARKENUNSINN TRAILERSLuggage trailersBunk bed trailersAutotrailers / machine transportersTipper trailersThree-sided tippersTurnable trailersKOCH® TRAILERSWM-MEYER TRAILERS OFFERSRENTAL PRICES1 CONTACTRequest for quotations Data protection at a glance. General information The following information provides a simple overview of what happens to your personal data when you visit this website. Personal data is all data with which you can be personally identified. You can find detailed information on the subject of data protection in our data protection declaration listed below this text.b. Data collection on this website Who is responsible for data collection on this website? The data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. You can find their contact details in the imprint of this website.How do we collect your data? On the one hand, your data is collected by providing us with it. This can be e.g. For example, this is data that you enter in a contact form. Other data is automatically collected by our IT systems when you visit the website. This is primarily technical data (e.g. internet browser, operating system or time of page access). This data is collected automatically as soon as you enter this website.What do we use your data for? Part of the data is collected to ensure that the website is provided correctly. Other data can be used to analyze your user behavior. What rights do you have regarding your data? You have the right to receive information about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data at any time free of charge. You also have the right to request that this data be corrected or deleted. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have further questions about data protection. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. You also have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted in certain circumstances. You can find details on this in the data protection declaration under "Right to restriction of processing". 2. HostingExternal hostingThis website is hosted by an external service provider (hoster). Personal data collected on this website is stored on the hoster's servers. This can be v. a. IP addresses, contact inquiries, meta and communication data, contract data, contact details, names, website access and other data generated via a website. The host is used for the purpose of fulfilling the contract towards our potential and existing customers (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.b GDPR) and in the interest of a safe, fast and efficient provision of our online offer by a professional provider (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.f GDPR). Our hoster will only process your data to the extent that this is necessary to fulfill its performance obligations and follow our instructions in relation to this data.Conclusion of a contract for order processing 3. General information and mandatory information Data protection The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration. When you use this website, various personal data are collected. Personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. This data protection declaration explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose, and we point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from access by third parties -Mail: info@anhaengerzentrum-saarmund.de Revoking your consent to data processing Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time. An informal notification by e-mail to us is sufficient. The legality of the data processing carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. Right to object to data collection in special cases and direct advertising (Art. 21 GDPR) IF DATA PROCESSING IS BASED ON ART. 6 ABS. 1 LIT. E OR F GDPR, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT AT ANY TIME TO OBJECT THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR REASONS FOR YOUR SPECIAL SITUATION; THIS IS ALSO APPLICABLE TO PROFILING BASED ON THESE PROVISIONS. THE RELEVANT LEGAL BASIS ON WHICH PROCESSING IS BASED IS TAKEN FROM THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT. IF YOU SUBJECT, WE WILL NO LESS PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA, BECAUSE WE CAN PROVIDE OBLIGATORY PROTECTED REASONS FOR PROCESSING THAT ARE OF YOUR INTEREST, RIGHTS AND DISCLAIMER OF IMPRESSION. CONTRADICTION ACCORDING TO ARTICLE 21 (1) GDPR). IF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS PROCESSED TO OPERATE DIRECT ADVERTISING, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT AGAINST THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONALIZED INDICATORS AT ANY TIME; THIS IS ALSO APPLICABLE TO PROFILING, TO THE extent IT IS CONNECTED WITH SUCH DIRECT ADVERTISING. IF YOU OBJECT, YOUR PERSONAL DATA WILL NO LONGER BE USED FOR THE PURPOSE OF DIRECT ADVERTISING (OBJECTION ACCORDING TO ART. 21 (2) GDPR). Right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority to the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement. The right to lodge a complaint is without prejudice to other administrative or judicial legal remedies. If you request the direct transmission of the data to another person responsible, this will only take place as far as it is technically feasible. SSL or TLS encryption This page uses for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or inquiries You send us as the site operator, SSL or TLS encryption. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from "http: //" to "https: //" and by the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, you can The data that you transmit to us is not read by third parties. Information, deletion and correction You have the right to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, at any time within the scope of the applicable legal provisions a right to have this data corrected or deleted. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about personal data. Right to restriction of processing You have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint. The right to restrict processing exists in the following cases: If you dispute the accuracy of your personal data stored with us, we usually need time to check this. For the duration of the check, you have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted. If the processing of your personal data happened / happens unlawfully, you can request the restriction of the data processing instead of the deletion. If we no longer need your personal data However, if you need them to exercise, defend or assert legal claims, you have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted instead of being deleted. If you have lodged an objection pursuant to Art. 21 Para between your and our interests. As long as it is not clear whose interests outweigh the restrictions, you have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted.If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, this data - apart from its storage - may only be obtained with your consent or for the assertion , Exercise or defense of legal claims or to protect the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the European Union or a member state. 4. Data collection on this website Cookies Some of the websites use so-called cookies. Cookies do no damage to your computer and contain no viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective and safer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies". They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted. Cookies that are required to carry out the electronic communication process or to provide certain functions you require (e.g. shopping cart function) are stored on the basis of Article 6 (1) lit. f GDPR saved. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. If a corresponding consent has been requested (e.g. consent to the storage of cookies), the processing takes place exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR; The consent can be revoked at any time.As far as other cookies (e.g. cookies for analyzing your surfing behavior) are stored, these are treated separately in this data protection declaration. Server log files The website provider automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are: browser type and browser version used operating system referrer URL host name of the accessing computer time of the server request IP address. This data is not merged with other data sources. This data is recorded on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the technically error-free presentation and optimization of his website - this requires the server log files to be recorded.Contact formIf you send us inquiries using the contact form, your details will be included in the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there stored for the purpose of processing the request and in the event of follow-up questions. We will not pass on this data without your consent. This data is processed on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR, if your request is related to the fulfillment of a contract or is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on our legitimate interest in the effective processing of inquiries addressed to us (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. GDPR) or on your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR) if this was queried. The data you enter in the contact form will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory legal provisions - in particular retention periods - remain unaffected.Request by email, phone or faxIf you contact us by email, phone or fax, your request, including all personal data resulting from it (name, request) will be processed for the purpose of processing your This is stored and processed by us. We will not pass on this data without your consent. This data is processed on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR, if your request is related to the fulfillment of a contract or is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 a GDPR) and / or on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 Para. 1 letter f GDPR), since we have a legitimate interest in the effective Processing of the inquiries addressed to us. The data you send to us via contact requests remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed ). Mandatory legal provisions - in particular statutory retention periods - remain unaffected.Registration on this websiteYou can register on this website to use additional functions on the site. We only use the data entered for the purpose of using the respective offer or service for which you have registered. The mandatory information requested during registration must be given in full. Otherwise, we will reject the registration. For important changes, for example in the scope of the offer or for technically necessary changes, we use the e-mail address provided during registration to inform you in this way. The data entered during registration is processed for the purpose the implementation of the usage relationship based on the registration and, if necessary, for the initiation of further contracts (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR). The data collected during registration will be stored by us as long as you are registered on this website and will then be deleted . Statutory retention periods remain unaffected. Processing of data (customer and contract data) We collect, process and use personal data only insofar as they are necessary for the justification, content design or change of the legal relationship (inventory data). This is done on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures. We only collect, process and use personal data about the use of this website (usage data) if this is necessary to enable or bill the user for the use of the service. The customer data collected will be deleted after the order has been completed or the business relationship has ended. Statutory retention periods remain unaffected. Data transmission upon conclusion of the contract for services and digital content We only transfer personal data to third parties if this is necessary in the context of contract execution, for example to the credit institution commissioned with the payment processing. No further transmission of the data takes place or only then if you have expressly consented to the transmission. Your data will not be passed on to third parties without express consent, for example for advertising purposes. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures. Third party content on the website Our website integrates content from other providers. This can be pure content elements (e.g. news, news), but also widgets (functions, e.g. booking systems) or e.g. Fonts and technical libraries. This also includes Google Fonts. For technical reasons, this is done by loading this content from the browser from other servers. In this context, the IP currently used by your browser and the browser used by the requesting system are transmitted. Please note the respective data protection declarations of the third-party providers in this regard. Route planner Bing Maps We use interactive map material from Microsoft Bing Maps (Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052, USA on our website. Telephone: +1 (425) 882 8080) so that you view our location or plan a route to it. When using this service, various persistent cookies are set by the provider. You can prevent this via your browser settings (opt-out). If you use the service, various data will be transmitted to the provider. An overview of this data can be found in the provider's terms of use (https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/maps/product/terms) and the data protection declaration (https://privacy.microsoft.com/de-de / privacystatement). If you are logged in to the relevant services, also outside of this website, you can be identified by these providers. Please inform yourself about the usage and data protection conditions of the providers about this possibility. We have no influence on the type and scope of the data processed by this service, the type of processing and use or the transfer of this data to third parties. We also have no effective control options in this regard. When you call up a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache in order to display texts and fonts correctly. For this purpose, the browser you use must connect to the Google servers. This gives Google knowledge that this website was accessed via your IP address. Google Web Fonts are used in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font will be used by your computer. Further information on Google Web Fonts can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google's privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de. CONTACT US We look forward to your message. ADDRESS trailer center MüllerMühlenstraße, 19 Mühlenstraße14558 Nuthetal CONTACT Tel .: +49 (0) 332 00 - 85971 Fax: +49 (0) 332 00 - 51404info@anhaengerzentrum-saarmund.de OPENING HOURS Monday - Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. Saturday: 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. Sunday: closed Other times are possible after personal agreement. Home | Contact | Privacy Policy Disclaimer | ImprintLast change: 31.03.2020 © 2020 Trailer Center MüllerAll prices including vehicle documents. All prices are non-binding. Manufacturer's suggested retail prices. All technical data, dimensions and weights are approximate and binding. We reserve the right to make changes