Trailer Center Müller in Saarmund - Imprint START BRAND NONSENSE trailers trailers flatbed flatbed trailers Auto trailers / MaschinentransporterHeckkipperDreiseitenkipperDrehschemelanhängerKOCH® ANHÄNGERWM-MEYER trailers Offers Rates Contact Offer Legal Privacy YOUR PARTNER WHEN IT COMES TO TRAILER GOES CONTRACTORS OF NONSENSE, Koch® & OTHER BRANDS Imprint According to § 5 TMGAnhängerzentrum Müller Klaus Dieter Müller Mühlenstraße 1,914,558 NuthetalRegistergericht: Amtsgericht Potsdam Hegelallee 814,467 Potsdam Represented by: Klaus Dieter MüllerContact Phone: +49 (0) 33200 - 85971 Fax: +49 (0) 33200 - 51404E-Mail: info@anhaengerzentrum-saarmund.de Sales tax ID Sales tax identification number according to §27 a sales tax law: DE 223 891 354 Responsible for the content after Section 55 (2) RStV Trailer Center MüllerKlaus Dieter MüllerMühlenstraße 1914558 Nuthetal Dispute Settlement The European Commission provides a platform ready for online dispute resolution (OS): https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr. You can find our email address in the imprint above. We are not willing or obliged to participate in dispute settlement procedures before a consumer arbitration board. Liability for content As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages in accordance with general laws in accordance with Section 7 (1) TMG. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, we as a service provider are not obliged to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the time we become aware of a specific legal violation. As soon as we become aware of such violations, we will remove this content immediately. Liability for links Our offer contains links to external third-party websites, the content of which we have no influence on. For this reason, we cannot accept any liability for this external content. The respective provider or operator is always responsible for the content of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time the link was created. No illegal content was discernible at the time the link was created. A permanent control of the content of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of an infringement. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately. Copyright The content and works on these pages created by the site operator are subject to German copyright law. The duplication, processing, distribution and any kind of use beyond the limits of copyright law require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of this page are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. As far as the content on this page was not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are respected. In particular contents of third parties are marked as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, please let us know. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such content immediately. CONTACT US We look forward to your message. ADDRESS trailer center MüllerMühlenstraße, 19 Mühlenstraße14558 Nuthetal CONTACT Tel .: +49 (0) 332 00 - 85971 Fax: +49 (0) 332 00 - 51404info@anhaengerzentrum-saarmund.de OPENING HOURS Monday - Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. Saturday: 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. Sunday: closed Other times are possible after personal agreement. Home | Contact | Privacy Policy Disclaimer | ImprintLast change: 31.03.2020 © 2020 Trailer Center MüllerAll prices including vehicle documents. All prices are non-binding. Manufacturer's suggested retail prices. All technical data, dimensions and weights are approximate and binding. We reserve the right to make changes