Exklusive Location | GetSpeed Performance Center Nürburgring Suchbegriff eingeben und Enter-Taste drücken RaceTaxi GetSpeed TV Shop Racing Events Location Trackdays Events Clubsport First Steps/Coaching Workshop Hosting Multimedia Gallery Highlight Videos 360° Images and Videos from GetSpeed Webcams Company Career News Partner Stress Level Monitoring Contact Company About us Stress Level Monitoring Career Team Partner Contact Clubsport First Steps/Coaching Workshop Hosting Racing Racing Team Events Location Trackdays Events Multimedia 360° Images and Videos from GetSpeed Highlight Videos Gallery Webcams News Neueste Beiträge GetSpeed bringt Junior-Team auf die legendäre Nordschleife GetSpeed ist ab 2020 offizielles Mercedes-AMG Performance-Team Große Pläne bei GetSpeed für die Saison 2020 All news 0 RaceTaxi Shop GetSpeed TV Trackdays Car Rental EXCLUSIVE EVENTS AT THE NÜRBURGRING EXCLUSIVE EVENTS AT THE NÜRBURGRING EXCLUSIVE EVENTS AT THE NÜRBURGRING EXCLUSIVE EVENTS AT THE NÜRBURGRING EXKLUSIVE EVENTS At an exclusive location. The GetSpeed Performance Center gives you the chance to put yourself in the scene as a classy host. We offer fully equipped rooms, quite in the style of motorsports. Of course, it is possible to design the location the way you like it on request! Whether sportive, elegant or very discreet – this is where your entirely customized and unique event takes place. Regardless of the kind of event you have in mind, we will make it real together with you. Presentations, trainings and show events have been held successfully here in the industrial park at the Nürburgring. Our regional catering partners furthermore see to the well-being of your up to 100 guests at the GetSpeed Performance Center. So that the event will be a complete success and you can concentrate on your guests, we will be happy to see to the entire organization for you – including guest management. To thrill your guests directly from the start, we offer an exclusive shuttle service by limousine or helicopter. Compose your very special setting for the perfect event together with GetSpeed. Besides VIP lounges, race taxi drives, guided tours through the pit lane and the starting lineup, as well as shuttle and helicopter flights to the best track sections of the Nordschleife, the Nürburgring offers a variety of restaurants and hotel offers even including a fully equipped movie theater. A separate small world is waiting for you. Browse our gallery and see our spectacular and diverse location for yourself. You are welcome to contact us at any time by phone or email for questions and requests. Or you can simply schedule an appointment with us and form your own opinion on site. We are looking forward to your inquiry! ADAC Total 24h-Rennen 20.05.20 | 22:00 - 24.05.20 | 21:59 HIER GEHT´S ZUM LIVE-STREAM! PERFORMANCE Produkte von GetSpeed 3-in-1 Multifunktionsjacke €189,00 Select options Armband €2,90 Read more Basecap €24,90 Add to basket ZUM SHOP GetSpeed Performance GmbH & Co. KG Gottlieb-Daimler-Straße 5 53520 Meuspath FON 0049 2691.9330334 FAX 0049 2691.9330335 EMAIL info@getspeed.de Neueste Beiträge GetSpeed bringt Junior-Team auf die legendäre Nordschleife GetSpeed ist ab 2020 offizielles Mercedes-AMG Performance-Team Große Pläne bei GetSpeed für die Saison 2020 top Damit dieses Internetportal ordnungsgemäß funktioniert, legen wir manchmal kleine Dateien – sogenannte Cookies – auf Ihrem Gerät ab. Das ist bei den meisten Websites üblich. Ablehnen AkzeptierenPrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Dein erfolgreicher Einstieg in den Motorsport! Dein großer Traum ist es Rennfahrer zu werden? Dann bist Du bei uns genau richtig. Egal ob Anfänger, talentierter Junior-Fahrer oder Späteinsteiger, der Anfang ist leichter als man denkt. Über 20 Jahre Motorsporterfahrung und unzählige Siege auf der Nürburgring Nordschleife zeichnen das GetSpeed Performance Center aus. Wir beraten Dich und finden mit Dir gemeinsam Deinen idealen Einstieg in den Rennsport. Name * E-Mail-Adresse * Nachricht Please leave this field empty. 3 2 1 G O