WINTER TEST PORTIMAO 2020 | Enter GetSpeed ​​search term and press Enter RaceTaxi GetSpeed ​​TV Shop Racing Race Car Events Location Trackdays Events Club Sport First Steps / Coaching Workshop Hosting Vehicle Market Multimedia Galleries Highlight Videos Performance from all perspectives Webcams Company Career News Partner Stress Level Monitoring Company About us Stress Level Monitoring Career Team Partner Contact Clubsport First Steps / Coaching Workshop Hosting Vehicle Market Racing Racing Team Racing Cars Events Location Trackdays Events Multimedia Performance from All Perspectives Highlight Videos Galleries Webcams News Latest Posts GetSpeed ​​Brings Junior Team to the Legendary Nordschleife GetSpeed ​​is official Mercedes-AMG Performance from 2020 Team Big plans at GetSpeed ​​for the 2020 season All news 0 RaceTaxi Shop GetSpeed ​​TV Trackdays Car Rental WINTERTEST PORTIMAO 2020 Home / WINTERTEST PORTIMAO 2020 TIME TO GET THE SEASON STARTED Start the season with us under exclusive test conditions at the Autodromo do Algarve in the south of Portugal. Get one of the limited slots for the perfect debut into the new season 2020! Six hours of sunshine a day, only professional drivers on track, open pitlane, no noise limit and a breathtaking scenery is what our test days offer. WHAT YOU CAN EXPECT Prepare the 2020 season from February 14 to February 17 in our exclusive test setting. Get your individual offer now! Get your offer +49 (0) 2691.933 03 34 Race on and GetSpeed! Track information Length> 4.684 m Length of straights> 3.204 m (68.3%) Length of corners> 1.488 m (31.7%) Track width> 14 m Number of corners> 16 Right-handers> 9 Left-handers> 7 Minimum radius of corner > 18 m maximum radius of corner> 160 m maximum rise> 6.2% maximum fall> 12.0% maximum bank> 8.0% minimum bank> 2.0% GetSpeed ​​Performance GmbH & Co.KG Gottlieb-Daimler-Strasse 5 53520 Meuspath FON 0049 2691.9330334 FAX 0049 2691.9330335 EMAIL info@getspeed.de Latest articles GetSpeed ​​brings junior team to the legendary Nordschleife GetSpeed ​​will be the official Mercedes-AMG Performance Team from 2020 Big plans at GetSpeed ​​for the 2020 season top Sometimes we make small files for this internet portal to work properly - so-called cookies - on your device. This is common for most websites. Decline AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary always active Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Not necessary Not necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Your successful entry into motorsport! Your big dream is to be a racing driver? Then you are exactly right with us. No matter if you are a beginner, a talented junior driver or a late entrant, the beginning is easier than you think. The GetSpeed ​​Performance Center is characterized by over 20 years of motorsport experience and countless victories on the Nürburgring Nordschleife. We will advise you and work with you to find your ideal entry into racing. Name * Email address * Message Please leave this field empty. 3 2 1 G O