Site was not found. | Enter GetSpeed ​​search term and press Enter RaceTaxi GetSpeed ​​TV Shop Racing Race Car Events Location Trackdays Events Clubsport First Steps / Coaching Workshop Hosting Vehicle Market Multimedia Galleries Highlight Videos Performance from all perspectives Webcams Company Career News Partner Stress Level Monitoring Company About us Stress Level Monitoring Career Team Partner Contact Clubsport First Steps / Coaching Workshop Hosting Vehicle Market Racing Racing Team Racing Cars Events Location Trackdays Events Multimedia Performance from All Perspectives Highlight Videos Galleries Webcams News Latest Posts GetSpeed ​​Brings Junior Team to the Legendary Nordschleife GetSpeed ​​is official Mercedes-AMG Performance from 2020 Team Big plans at GetSpeed ​​for the 2020 season All news 0 RaceTaxi Shop GetSpeed ​​TV Trackdays Car Rental Test the current Mercedes-AMG GT3 from May 4th to 6th 2020 at the Hockenheimring Home / Error 404 Test de n current Mercedes-AMG GT3 from May 4th to 6th, 2020 at Hockenheimring 29Apr From the simulator back to the racing car: The Mercedes-AMG Team GetSpeed ​​makes it possible! After weeks of standstill on the racetrack, we are offering a short-term test option from May 4 to 6, 2020. Test the current Mercedes-AMG GT3 at the Hockenheimring Baden-Württemberg with our experienced team. Open Pitlane on all three days between 9 a.m. and 12 p.m. and 1 p.m. and 4 p.m. The Mercedes-AMG GT3 sets standards in terms of safety - but also away from the racetrack, our hygiene regulations and measures ensure maximum protection to prevent infections. Read More Share This Mercedes-AMG Team GetSpeed ​​with top line-up for the Nordschleife 27March GetSpeed ​​launches three Mercedes-AMG GT3s in the Nürburgring endurance series GetSpeed ​​Performance is ready for the Nordschleife season. Even if the engines are still indefinitely, the team around team boss Adam Osieka is ready to start the season at any time. GetSpeed ​​Performance uses three Mercedes-AMG GT3s in the Nürburgring endurance series this year, nine drivers share the cockpits of the vehicles in the Green Hell. "In view of the current situation, motorsport naturally takes a back seat," says team boss Adam Osieka. “I hope that we will experience races again in the near future - and we are prepared for that. The numerous race cancellations are a logical and understandable consequence in the fight against the virus, but every day standing still too much will have dramatic economic consequences for all of us. In this difficult time, the well-being of my employees, their families and everyone is very important to me and I hope we all get through this crisis in good health. ”Maximilian Buhk, Maximilian Götz, Raffaele form the spearhead for the Nürburgring program of the Meuspath team Marciello and Fabian Schiller, who are competing for the Mercedes-AMG Team GetSpeed ​​application - a top-class and fast quartet with a lot of experience on the demanding Nordschleife. With Janine Hill, John Shoffner, a well-established and long-standing couple is getting into the race for GetSpeed ​​at the Nürburgring. The Anglo-American duo caused a sensation in 2019 with several podium finishes in the Pro-Am classification of the SP9 class. The two received support from Fabian Schiller again this year. Matthieu Vaxivière, Emmanuel Collard and François Perrodo are also three fast drivers in the third Mercedes-AMG GT3. Together they drove at the classic in Le Mans. “Our three vehicles are first-class and with Fabian, Raffaele and Maximilian Buhk and Maximilian Götz we have an experienced and fast spearhead who can compete for overall victories. I have great confidence in the boys, who have all shown their speed and reliability in the past. In fact, only the Nordschleife, which is sometimes really merciless, can stop us. I am pleased that we can once again use a strong car with Janine, John and Fabian and will launch a third, also very strong, car with Emmanuel, François and Matthieu. ”In the first year with vehicles from Mercedes-AMG GetSpeed ​​was on the first row five times in 2019, took a pole position and a total of four podium places in the VLN Endurance Championship Nürburgring. Dominik Baumann and Fabian Schiller won the first victory for GetSpeed ​​in the VLN. The first race for the Nürburgring endurance series will take place on June 27, 2020. # 2 Mercedes-AMG GT3 Maximilian Buhk Maximilian Götz Raffaele Marciello Fabian Schiller # 8 Mercedes-AMG GT3 Emmanuel Collard François Perrodo Matthieu Vaxivière # 23 Mercedes-AMG GT3 Janine Hill John Shoffner Fabian Schiller Read more Share This GetSpeed ​​brings the junior team to the legendary Nordschleife 28Jan When the season of the Nürburgring endurance series begins with the first race of the season on March 21, 2020, GetSpeed ​​Performance will start with three Mercedes-AMG GT3s. In addition to the vehicle with Janine Hill and John Shoffner and the factory-supported Mercedes-AMG with four top-class drivers, the team around team boss Adam Osieka plans to deploy another junior team. GetSpeed ​​has put together a package that is very interesting from a sporting and financial point of view. “We want to give the talented youngsters an attractive chance to recommend themselves for higher tasks and to gain GT3 experience in a professional environment. We already started creating professional foundations for young drivers last year. The pilots are intensively looked after and set up by us. We have gathered a wealth of experience in the Green Hell that we would like to pass on, ”says Adam Osieka. The deployment of the junior team includes two performance tests, the first three races of the Nürburgring endurance series and the 24-hour race on the legendary Nordschleife. The highlight is the price. Driver seats are available for 89,000 euros (plus VAT). Read More Share This GetSpeed ​​will be the official Mercedes-AMG Performance Team from January 24th 2020 The year 2020 will be a milestone in the history of GetSpeed. From this year on, team boss Adam Osieka will appear as Mercedes-AMG Team GetSpeed. This extended factory support relates to the entire racing program at the Nürburgring. As the driver for the races in the Eifel, the new performance team from the Nürburgring business park relies on a top-class quartet. The Nordschleife-tested GetSpeed ​​pilots in the Nürburgring endurance series and for the legendary 24-hour race in the Eifel will be announced at a later date. “I am very happy to receive this news - and only one year after we switched to Mercedes-AMG. As a result, our successes in recent years have a different value. That is the reward and the recognition for our tireless work and our permanent commitment. We will do everything we can to continue to do justice to this great vote of confidence from Mercedes-AMG in the future, ”says Adam Osieka, who will again be using the Rooster Rojo J2R Mercedes-AMG GT3 with Janine Hill and John Shoffner on the Nordschleife this season becomes. The Anglo-American duo caused a sensation in 2019 with several podium finishes in the Pro-Am classification of the SP9 class. A third Mercedes-AMG GT3 is planned for the Nordschleife. Osieka: "It will be a very exciting project - we will announce the first details shortly." In the premiere season with vehicles from Mercedes-AMG on the legendary Nordschleife, GetSpeed ​​Performance was on the front row five times last year and won a pole Position and a total of four podium places in the VLN Endurance Championship Nürburgring. Dominik Baumann and Fabian Schiller won the first victory for GetSpeed ​​in the VLN. Read More Share This Big plans at GetSpeed ​​for the 2020 season 3Jan GetSpeed ​​remains true to the VLN, planning for the ADAC GT Masters, GT Open and Blancpain series 2019 was crowned with success for GetSpeed ​​Performance. The team from the Nürburgring business park completed several masterpieces in the past season. The crew around Adam Osieka successfully entered new territory in several series, and was just as victorious on tried and tested routes. For 2020, GetSpeed ​​again has promising and promising plans. The racing program is to be expanded again this year. The focus is on the ADAC GT Masters and the Blancpain series as interesting and expandable projects. Adam Osieka was extremely active beyond the turn of the year as part of these already very advanced plans. The GetSpeed ​​team boss had intensive discussions with several fast drivers. It is clear that Fabian Schiller is available as a pilot in the silver category for both prestigious series. The 22-year-old from Bonn has demonstrated his excellent driving skills and his skills as a coach - on and off the track - on many courses around the world. In addition, GetSpeed ​​has continued to focus on the training and education of up-and-coming talents and ambitious gentleman drivers. “We want to expand the area for young pilots and gentleman drivers. We have created professional foundations to provide intensive support for these drivers. This has already borne fruit in 2019. We are concerned with continuously building up the drivers and passing on the experience we have gained, ”says Adam Osieka. The VLN remains an integral part of the program Of course, races in the Nürburgring Long Distance Series (VLN) are on the program again. At the end of the season, GetSpeed ​​was the team of the hour on the legendary Nordschleife. With second place in the eighth race Philip Ellis and Maximilian Götz celebrated the third podium in a row for the Vodafone Mercedes-AMG GT3 with the start number 2. At VLN7 Fabian Schiller and Dominik Baumann were the first VLN victories in team history and at VLN6 the Austrian was Baumann with Ellis as third on the podium. Adam Osieka plans to build on this with two to three GT3s in 2020. “For Janine Hill and John Shoffner, we will again be using a Mercedes-AMG GT3 this year. We are also planning to use a vehicle with professional racing drivers and another GT3 with talented juniors. In addition to the races in the Nürburgring endurance series, we are also starting at the 24-hour race in our motorsport home. ”Engagement in the ADAC GT Masters is a serious option GetSpeed ​​was very satisfied with the premiere year in the GT4 Germany and in the Belcar Series. In the Belgian long-distance series for prototypes, GT cars and touring cars, Michael Cool won the championship in the GT4 class with the # 93 Mercedes-AMG GT4 from Veidec Silver Eagle Racing and finished fourth overall. In the ADAC GT4 Germany Hamza and Jusuf Owega were on the podium four times. The brothers had chances for the championship until the final at the Sachsenring. In the end, they were very good thirds and were therefore the best Mercedes-AMG team in the strong line-up. After the first strong year as part of the ADAC GT Masters, GetSpeed ​​wants to use two GT4 vehicles here in the future and is even striving for higher things. “We were immediately competitive in an aspiring series with many well-known teams. That is why we are setting ourselves ambitious goals for 2020. We are also seriously considering the ADAC GT Masters. ”GT Open is increasingly driven, premieres at Blancpain GetSpeed ​​gained its first valuable experience in 2019 at the GT Open and the Blancpain GT Europe World Challenge. Good results were also achieved there. Janine Hill and John Shoffner with the Rooster Rojo J2R Mercedes-AMG GT3 were guests at the International GT Open at the Hockenheimring Baden-Württemberg, in Spa-Francorchamps and at the penultimate round of the season near the Catalonian capital Barcelona on the Circuit de Catalunya. Here GetSpeed ​​got a total of four podium places. The Anglo-American duo came second in the Am class twice. Denis Remenyako and Fabian Schiller finished third and second in the Pro-Am class. The Russian Remenyako had previously finished second and first in the Blancpain GT Sports Club series in Spa-Francorchamps as part of the SRO Speedweek. “Janine Hill and John Shoffner have developed splendidly thanks to the excellent coaching by Fabian Schiller. The two of them really liked the racing format of the GT Open. In 2020 we want to compete in all races with one or two cars, ”says Adam Osieka. In the coming year, GetSpeed ​​will expand the colorful, varied series bouquet either by participating in the ADAC GT Masters or by starting in Blancpain in both the GT World Challenge Europe Sprint and Endurance Cup. Concluding discussions are still ongoing here. “What is certain is that we will step on the gas in 2020 more than ever. Always according to the motto: GetSpeed! “, Osieka promises. Read More Share This VLN finale with ups and downs Oct 27 podium in the class for GetSpeed ​​at the VLN season finale Despite all odds, GetSpeed ​​Performance again had a top ten position and a podium place in the SP9 Pro at the last VLN run of the season Reached on. Janine Hill, John Shoffner and Fabian Schiller jumped at the 44th DMV Münsterland Cup as overall eighth and second in the class with the # 23 Rooster Rojo J2R Mercedes-AMG GT3 for the teammates. The spearhead of the team from the industrial park at the Nürburgring was chased by a losing streak. The race of Philip Ellis and Dominik Baumann ended in the # 2 Vodafone Mercedes-AMG GT3 due to an unintentional collision in the second round through the Green Hell. “I had imagined the final race of the Nordschleife season to be a little nicer and would have loved to see number 2 at the finish line. That's racing, you're powerless. But we showed again that the pace is there. Fabian Schiller confidently led and controlled the race for 11 laps. He drove excellently in his double stint and got John and Janine in a good starting position. We are very happy about that. We are taking a lot of experience and above all a very good feeling into the next year. Four podium places in the VLN, three of them in a row, are great successes. I am very confident that 2020 will be our year, ”said team boss Adam Osieka. On Friday, the # 2 caught fire during the test and setting drives with Dominik Baumann at the wheel in the engine area. In the short time the vehicle could not be rebuilt. The mechanics from GetSpeed ​​did great teamwork. The Mercedes-AMG GT3 used in sprint races in the GT Open this season was rebuilt and partly rebuilt until early in the morning for racing on the Nordschleife. "The GT Open season is over and we had already partially disassembled the vehicle," explains Osieka. "A strong performance, since the car was not in a ready-to-race condition and some adjustments had to be made for the 4-hour race." At 2:30 a.m. the car was finally ready to go. GetSpeed ​​also had bad luck on board in qualifying. Fabian Schiller and Dominik Baumann did not get a single free lap due to code 60 zones. Starting from sixth place (# 23) and twelfth place (# 2), the start was brilliant. After the first lap, the Rooster Rojo J2R Mercedes-AMG GT3 and the sister vehicle were already on P2 and P3. Philip Ellis, in particular, had done a good job over the SP9 competition with a brilliant overtaking, sometimes even across the meadow. Only one lap later the glory was over. In a Code 60 zone, a competitor vehemently drove the GetSpeed ​​racing car into Metzgesfeld at the back right and caused irreparable damage and the premature end. Ellis is shot from behind in Code 60 zone “I don't know if the other driver didn't see Code 60. Maybe he also misjudged his braking point. In any case, he drove me full pipe on the back. After that, the car no longer felt right. The gearbox and engine temperatures rose suddenly. Getting shot down in a Code 60 is very annoying. Unfortunately, that's also part of motorsport, ”said Philip Ellis. “It was really a shame, I had a very good start. A big thank you to the team, who converted the entire car yesterday after the other car was a little torched. That it ended this early and in this way is of course doubly bitter. The team deserved something different. ”Meanwhile, in # 23, Schiller was still cold like a dog's snout on the Nordschleife. The 22-year-old took the lead on lap four and went to the pits for the first pit stop in lap seven. After 15 laps, the Troisdorfer handed over to P1 to John Shoffner. At this point in time, the winner of VLN7 had brought out around 32 seconds of buffer in second place overall. "I had a good rhythm. I really enjoyed driving at the top. Once you are in flow on the Nordschleife, the whole thing is no longer so strenuous. You are used to lapping. In my first stint it was a bit chaotic on the track due to the many code 60 phases. In the second stint I was able to really step on the gas. Ultimately, everything was great, even if the results for our car are not as prominent as for number 2. Nevertheless, John and Janine drive the lap here in 8:15 minutes, which should be imitated by someone of the age “, Schiller was full of praise for his teammates. Shoffner / Hill showed in the second half of the race that they had learned a lot in their first season on a GT3 vehicle. The Anglo-American duo drove constant times around 8:30 minutes in the crowds and easily made the top ten and second place in the Pro-Am classification. Accordingly, the fastest woman at the VLN was happy: “It was a nice end to the season with great weather. I am very satisfied with the result and the performance of all three drivers on number 23. You have to drive proactively in the SP9, but at the same time you have to stay on the accelerator. We have achieved our goal and are in good company up there. It was a successful season, ”said Janine Hill and John Shoffner added:“ Great weather and a great day. All well-known manufacturers fought for victory today, we were among the front runners. A top ten place and only around three minutes behind the overall winner, that's impressive. You have to learn to be aggressive, but also to plan the overtaking maneuvers properly, otherwise you will lose five or six seconds. In our first year in the SP9 we were able to continuously improve, we gradually narrowed the gap to the competition, ”said John Shoffner. Read more Share This Philip Ellis: "We want to play with the big boys" 23Oct GetSpeed ​​has matured before the VLN finals - from underdog to favorites GetSpeed ​​Performance really got going on the home stretch of the season. The team from the Nürburgring business park is the team of the hour in the VLN Endurance Championship Nürburgring. Adam Osieka's crew has been the most successful overall in the past three races. With second place in the eighth race, Philip Ellis and Maximilian Götz recently celebrated the third podium in a row for the Vodafone Mercedes-AMG GT3 with start number 2. At the VLN final on Saturday (October 26th), GetSpeed ​​has its sights set on victory again. “We're going to the VLN season finale with a big chest. All five drivers in both cars have repeatedly demonstrated their skills on the world's most beautiful racetrack and backed them up with strong results. After the successes of the past few months, our goal with the two Mercedes-AMG GT3s can and must be the podium - both in the overall classification and in the Pro-Am class, ”says team boss Adam Osieka confidently. At VLN7 Fabian Schiller and Dominik Baumann celebrated the first VLN victory in team history and at VLN6 the Austrian Baumann with Ellis was third on the podium. In this combination, the # 2 will race through the Green Hell next Saturday. "I'm looking forward to being there again," says Dominik Baumann. “Unfortunately, I was prevented from doing the last run, but I followed the race closely on the Internet. The team was doing well again. I hope for a few dry laps. It has always been wet on my two previous missions. I am very motivated. It worked great with Philip last time. I think it can be another good weekend for us. ”Ellis has been on the podium three times this season. Teammate Ellis took his Maturity exam at VLN8 when the 27-year-old drove his elbows in a round-long fight in the final stages and asserted itself against the Nordschleife experts Klaus Bachler, Frank Stippler and Manuel Metzger. In just five races with GT3 vehicles in the Eifel, Ellis has been on the podium three times with three different partners. An impressive record of performance. Only one victory is missing to crown it. Thanks to recent successes, GetSpeed ​​is also in a promising position overall in the fight for the ROWE Speed ​​Trophy by VLN. The rating for the fastest of the fastest around the legendary Nordschleife has been published since 2013. Should Baumann / Ellis win at VLN9 and also take the pole, and the current leader, the # 6 Mercedes-AMG GT3 of the Black Falcon Team, would be tenth in the race if the overall victory was achieved. “We definitely want to defend second place in the team standings, maybe we can even close the gap to the front. And I would also like to overtake the Stippi, ”says Philip Ellis, who is currently fourth behind Audi driver Frank Stippler (32.21) in the SP9 Pro class winner trophy with 26.88 points. The sister car, the Rooster Rojo J2R Mercedes-AMG GT3 with the # 23, is driven as usual by Janine Hill, John Shoffner and Fabian Schiller. At VLN8, the well-established trio confirmed the strong team result of the racing team from the business park at the Nürburgring in the world's largest mass sports series with 12th place in the overall classification and third place in the Pro-Am class. The 44th DMV Münsterland Cup next Saturday is the ninth round of the VLN Endurance Championship Nürburgring. The qualifying between 8:30 and 10 a.m. decides on the starting line-up for the race over a distance of four hours. Race start is at 12 noon. The entire race day is available in the livestream at www.getspeed.de. Cameras are installed in the cockpits of GetSpeed's two Mercedes-AMG GT3s so that the race can also be followed live from the driver's perspective. Philip Ellis (car number 2, Vodafone Mercedes-AMG GT3) “I know Dominik from VLN6. I got along extremely well with him. Back then, it was the first race for him after his shoulder injury, and also under difficult weather conditions. Our driving style is relatively similar, so the car is oriented in the same direction. In the meantime, he has also successfully driven a VLN race with Fabian (Schiller). Now he has certainly gained even more confidence in GetSpeed's Mercedes-AMG GT3. Accordingly, I expect that we can ride in the front again. We actually belong there. We want to play with the big boys. I am really looking forward to the last run on the Nordschleife. The goal is a podium, my wish would be first. An overall victory at the end would be the crowning glory. ”Fabian Schiller (car number 23, Rooster Rojo J2R Mercedes-AMG GT3)“ The car works well under all conditions. At VLN8 we have gained some valuable experience with the setup. A GT3 is very sensitive and sensitive to the temperature, both the outside and the track temperature. But also with the different tire compounds, different grip levels. That makes the whole thing very complex. The aerodynamics always work differently. You have to have the right knack for it. We continue to improve from race to race. Experience is very important. The weather forecast is good. Let's see what's going on in the last race. ”Read More Share This Cool remains freezing cold: Champion in the GT4 class of the Belcar 22Oct GetSpeed ​​Performance achieved all goals with fourth place in the overall ranking GetSpeed ​​Performance took part in the final of the Belcar Endurance Championship last weekend (Belcar) in Assen, Netherlands, has achieved its intended season goals. At the Hankook final races on the TT Circuit, Michael Cool won the class with the # 93 Mercedes-AMG GT4 from Veidec Silver Eagle Racing and thus also the championship in the GT4 class. After finishing 17th overall on the 4.555-meter racetrack in the Dutch province of Drente, the Belgian also improved from seventh to fourth place in the long-distance series for prototypes, GT cars and touring cars in the final accounts. The # 22 with Wim Spinoy and Kenneth Heyer was unlucky at the sixth and last event of the Belgian series. The Mönchengladbacher had a serious accident in lap 24 of the team from the Nürburgring business park in the Mercedes-AMG GT4, which luckily went off lightly and without injuries for everyone involved. "What can I say? It doesn't matter who did what percent wrong. After viewing the onboard recordings, I'm just glad that I and my driver colleague are doing well after this accident, ”said Kenneth Heyer. “After the violent accident, it was of course no longer possible for Kenneth Heyer to continue. The subsequent safety car phase unfortunately also fell into Michael Cool's pit stop window, which also cost him a few places in the race, ”said Adam Osieka. In the GT4 class, Michael Cool / Bart Van Samang won with 164 points ahead of Kenneth Heyer / Wim Spinoy (140). “Overall, we had a successful weekend at the premiere in Assen. The pace of the cars was very good. The setup adjustment of the two Mercedes-AMG GT4s to the new track went really well. In qualifying we were in the first two places in the class. We took fourth place in the overall standings and the title in the GT4 class, in which we were able to win all races over the entire season. In this respect, my conclusion is very positive, ”said the team manager. Read More Share This GetSpeed ​​Performance is targeting top five at the Belcar finale on October 17th Team internal battle of the two Mercedes-AMG GT4s for the class winner trophy Aggressive, GetSpeed ​​Performance travels to the finale of the Belcar Endurance Championship (Belcar) in Assen, the Netherlands, from 19 to 20 October at. At the Hankook Finalraces on the TT Circuit, the team from the industrial park at the Nürburgring wants to drive even further in the overall classification. Before the sixth and last event of the long-distance series for prototypes, GT cars and touring cars, the # 93 Mercedes-AMG GT4 from Veidec Silver Eagle Racing with Michael Cool and Bart Van Samang and the # 22 with Wim Spinoy and Kenneth Heyer are promising. The # 93 is seventh with 148 points, the # 22 with 145.5 points eighth out of 62 rated teams in the overall table. In the GT4 class of the Belgian series, the two GetSpeed ​​duos have also been fighting closely for overall victory since the start of the season. “We are very confident in the last race. If we are spared from failures, we can definitely jump forward in the overall classification. Both cars in the GT4 class have shared all victories so far, which will be a gripping finish. I'm curious to see who will ultimately be ahead of our team, ”says team boss Adam Osieka, and Kenneth Heyer adds:“ With the new track in the racing calendar, this will be an interesting final weekend for everyone involved. We are fully attacking again. I have already competed with the GT Masters in Assen. The TT Circuit is a nice, fast course, which should be even better for our Mercedes-AMG GT4 than the usual route in Zolder. The team's internal struggle for overall victory in the class also ensures the salt in the soup. There will be no agreements. A placement in the Belcar in the top five would be a great thing in the final accounts. ”On the 4.555 meter long racetrack in the Dutch province of Drente, a 45-minute qualification in the Belcar is on Saturday from 17:10. The next day the race takes place from 10 a.m. over a distance of 125 minutes. Read more Share This GetSpeed ​​with second place on the podium for the third time in a row 13Oct Ellis / Götz in the Vodafone Mercedes-AMG GT3 again get a top result for GetSpeed ​​GetSpeed ​​Performance is the most successful VLN team of the past three races. With second place in the eighth VLN run, Philip Ellis and Maximilien Götz celebrated the third podium in a row for the Vodafone Mercedes-AMG GT3 with starting number 2. Janine Hill, John Shoffner and Fabian Schiller completed the Mercedes-AMG GT3 in the Rooster Rojo J2R with rank twelve in the overall classification - third in the Pro-Am class - the strong result of the racing team from the industrial park at the Nürburgring. “Sometimes wishes come true,” said team boss Adam Osieka after the race. “We wanted a sunny race and another top position. Both worked out. ”The penultimate four-hour race of the year in the Green Hell was anything but child's play for Ellis / Götz in the GetSpeed ​​spearhead. A light touch on the route boundary at the entrance to the Döttinger Höhe, a little wrangling at the pit entrance with a colleague and the resulting tire damage not only cost time, but also everyone involved. "But we didn't give up," says Osieka. “The team at the pits delivered a sensational performance just like our drivers on the track. We fought and the good results are our deserved reward. “The final phase in particular became a real racing thriller. Ellis prevailed in a lap-long fight bumper to bumper against Klaus Bachler, Frank Stippler and Manuel Metzger, who all have far more Nordschleife experience than the 27-year-old, who can only look back on six races with GT3 vehicles on the Nordschleife . "I knew that Manuel was hanging on my neck in the last few laps," said Ellis with a wink. "But it only boils with water, so I was not particularly nervous and concentrated on staying ahead in the few places where an overtaking maneuver is possible on the Nordschleife." Osieka praised: "With these races Philip has his Graduated. ”In the sister vehicle, Hill, Shoffner and Schiller enjoyed the first completely rain-free VLN race of the year. "I was hoping for good weather and now it was finally dry," said Hill, who finished the race for the fifth time as the best lady in the field with around 160 participants. “My first stint was really good. The first five laps were great. Then I noticed that we still had a lot to learn, because in lap seven the car suddenly felt completely different. The GT3 vehicle is very sensitive and has an incredible number of technical parameters that you have to consider. Still, it's a lot of fun. ”Like his partner, Shoffner delivered to VLN8. "In his stint he was sometimes only 15 seconds slower per lap than the absolute professionals at the top," said Schiller, who demonstrated his high speed again and again this season and who described the two ambitious amateur pilots in the GetSpeed ​​Performance team as Coach accompanies. "It was strong. I also learned a lot from the first dry VLN race. You have to take very high risks to get the most out of the car. You can clearly see that, but in the end it is not our primary goal. We want to run clean races and build up our wealth of experience together. ”“ All in all, we had a very, very good race, ”Osieka concluded. “It would have been nice to race for victory again. On the other hand, races with small imponderables weld the team together enormously. At the beginning of the year, I didn't think we would do so well against the established teams in the VLN. We fight together - including in two weeks at the final. ”The ninth round of the VLN Endurance Championship Nürburgring will take place on October 26, 2019 and will cover the usual four-hour distance. Comments from the driver Maximilian Götz (car number 2, Vodafone Mercedes-AMG GT3) “My first race for GetSpeed ​​Performance was familiar from the start. I already knew Adam and the team from the 24-hour race, where I started for HTP and we shared the pits. Everything is well organized. The preparations were very meticulous. That makes it easy for you to feel good - a great family. I had a decent stint. I will remember the situation in which I struggled past the Walkenhorst BMW for a long time. I started to overtake at the end of the Döttinger Höhe and we are parallel to each other at 260 km / h in the Tiergarten. I don't know who was in the car, but two drivers showed eggs - that was cool. After that I had light contact with the guardrail in the head of the gallows and another tire damage. Second place is a very good result. ”Janine Hill (car number 23, Rooster Rojo J2R Mercedes-AMG GT3)“ This is our first year in a GT3 and we learn with every effort. The switch from the Cup vehicle to the Mercedes-AMG GT3 was a really big step for us. The differences are huge. The GT3 is a very sensitive car that is very sensitive to changes in the setup. Together with the engineers and Fabian (Schiller) we work step by step into the complexity with the many parameters that can be changed. Nevertheless, the car is easier for me to drive. I'm looking forward to the final in two weeks, then we'll attack again and hopefully end the season with a good result. ”Read More Share This 12345NEXT10 ... Latest Posts GetSpeed ​​Brings Junior Team to Legendary Nordschleife GetSpeed ​​will be the official Mercedes from 2020 -AMG Performance Team Big plans at GetSpeed ​​for the 2020 season VLN finals with ups and downs Philip Ellis: "We want to play with the big boys" Archives January 2020 October 2019 September 2019 August 2019 July 2019 June 2019 May 2019 April 2019 March 2019 January 2019 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 October 2017 Categories General VLN ADAC GT4 Germany Belcar GT Open 24h Race Nürburgring Blancpain Product CategoriesGeneral VIP Lounge ADAC Zurich 24h Race Porsche Sales GetSpeed ​​Performance GmbH & Co. KG Gottlieb-Daimler-Strasse 5 53520 Meuspath FON 0049 2691.9330334 FAX 0049 2691.9330335 EMAIL inf o@getspeed.de Latest articles GetSpeed ​​brings junior team to the legendary Nordschleife GetSpeed ​​will be official Mercedes-AMG performance team from 2020 Big plans at GetSpeed ​​for the 2020 season top Sometimes we make small files - so-called cookies - for this internet portal to work properly - on your device. This is common for most websites. Decline AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary always active Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Not necessary Not necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Your successful entry into motorsport! Your big dream is to be a racing driver? Then you are exactly right with us. No matter if you are a beginner, a talented junior driver or a late entrant, the beginning is easier than you think. The GetSpeed ​​Performance Center is characterized by over 20 years of motorsport experience and countless victories on the Nürburgring Nordschleife. We will advise you and work with you to find your ideal entry into racing. Name * Email address * Message Please leave this field empty. 3 2 1 G O