Trackdays | GetSpeed Performance Center Nürburgring Suchbegriff eingeben und Enter-Taste drücken RaceTaxi GetSpeed TV Shop Racing Events Location Trackdays Events Clubsport First Steps/Coaching Workshop Hosting Multimedia Gallery Highlight Videos 360° Images and Videos from GetSpeed Webcams Company Career News Partner Stress Level Monitoring Contact Company About us Stress Level Monitoring Career Team Partner Contact Clubsport First Steps/Coaching Workshop Hosting Racing Racing Team Events Location Trackdays Events Multimedia 360° Images and Videos from GetSpeed Highlight Videos Gallery Webcams News Neueste Beiträge GetSpeed bringt Junior-Team auf die legendäre Nordschleife GetSpeed ist ab 2020 offizielles Mercedes-AMG Performance-Team Große Pläne bei GetSpeed für die Saison 2020 All news 0 RaceTaxi Shop GetSpeed TV Trackdays Car Rental INTERNATIONAL EMOTIONAL AMBITIOUS INTERNATIONAL EMOTIONAL AMBITIOUS INTERNATIONAL EMOTIONAL AMBITIOUS INTERNATIONAL EMOTIONAL AMBITIOUS INTERNATIONAL EMOTIONAL AMBITIOUS INTERNATIONAL EMOTIONAL AMBITIOUS INTERNATIONAL EMOTIONAL AMBITIOUS INTERNATIONAL EMOTIONAL AMBITIOUS GET A KICK-START WITH THE TRACK DAYS OF OUR PARTNER RSR Go to the limits and get everything out of your vehicle – regardless if it is a common passenger car or racy sports car. You can show what you are able to do and, at the same time, travel to beautiful and exclusive places.  Drive on the best tracks in Europe: From Italy to Spain to Portugal, we have inspiring race courses where you can put your abilities to the test. You can start out slowly as a beginner and gather experience. As experienced racing expert, you will test the limits of your abilities on the international circuits and improve continuously. Find out more here about the locations and their race circuits that you will travel to. You can find information on the Track Days, prices and offers further down on the page. In Europa On Tour Portimão Portimão is a tranquil town in the deep south of Portugal. Located directly at the sea, you can dive into the world of Portugal after a successful drive. A visit to this town is worthwhile for gourmets in any case because it is well known for its fishing. Portimão booms today from tourism and its picture-perfect beaches. There are no upcoming events at this time. Nürburgring Nordschleife The Nürburgring Nordschleife is our home. It is a unique, fascinating racetrack in the middle of the forests of the Eifel mountains and has a length of 20.832 km. Everyone should must once experience the myth of the Nordschleife. There are no upcoming events at this time. Circuit Spa Francorchamps Because of the many altitude changes and numerous curves, the nearly 7-km long racetrack in Belgium also has the nickname “Ardenne Roller Coaster”. Besides Formula 1, also the ADAC GT Masters, Blancpain Endurance Series and formerly the DTM go to the start here. There are no upcoming events at this time. Dijon Prenois Only 8 turns and a distance of 3,801 km makes Dijon to one of the shortest and fastest tracks in europe. Through the routing, the hills and downhills of the track this is a clear goal destination for trackday enthusiasts. There are no upcoming events at this time. Ronda Circuito Ascari sounds Italian – not least because it is named after the Italian race driver Alberto Ascari. The circuit itself is located in the south of Spain, however, near the town Ronda in the Province of Málaga. Circuito Ascari is situated in a valley, has a length of about 5 km and is 12 meters wide across the entire length. In addition, it has a kart track for youngsters and enthusiastic hobby drivers where you can get a first feel. The town of Ronda is about 13 km away and can be reached easily. Because of its great location, it is ideal for sightseeing and breath-taking views, because it is characterized by a historic part of town with Moorish roots. There are no upcoming events at this time. Jerez The large city of Jerez is located in Spanish Andalusia and has about 213,000 residents. Do you know the Sherry wine? That is to say, the famous white wine comes from Jerez and it is exported to all parts of the world. Until 1997, Formula 1 races took place on the Circuito de Jerez – today it is considered to be a very popular test track – thus perfect for a drive during our Track Days! Valencia Valencia in Spain with more than 780,000 residents is the largest venue of the Track Days. Besides Barcelona and Madrid, it is the third largest city of the country. Valencia is known for its passionate love for sports and the plentitude of cultural sites. This means, it never gets boring in Valencia when you want to get into the action after the day on the track. Rental Cars by RSR GetSpeed works in partnership with RSRNurburg to provide track car rentals for trackdays and Touristenfahrten sessions on the Nürburgring Nordschleife. RSR Nurburg is the original rental car company for the Nürburgring, with over 20 years experience with the widest range of the best sports cars available today! RSR is located only 300m from the entrance to the Nürburgring Nordschleife and are your one-stop-shop for everything motorsport and the Nürburgring. Let their experience around the Green Hell guide you around the track. RSR caters from first timers to seasoned professionals, any budget or skill level. For more information about the range of cars available, visit this page: https://www.rsrnurburg.com/car-rentals Impressions Contact Please leave this field empty. GetSpeed Performance GmbH & Co. KG Gottlieb-Daimler-Straße 5 53520 Meuspath FON 0049 2691.9330334 FAX 0049 2691.9330335 EMAIL info@getspeed.de Neueste Beiträge GetSpeed bringt Junior-Team auf die legendäre Nordschleife GetSpeed ist ab 2020 offizielles Mercedes-AMG Performance-Team Große Pläne bei GetSpeed für die Saison 2020 top Damit dieses Internetportal ordnungsgemäß funktioniert, legen wir manchmal kleine Dateien – sogenannte Cookies – auf Ihrem Gerät ab. Das ist bei den meisten Websites üblich. Ablehnen AkzeptierenPrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Dein erfolgreicher Einstieg in den Motorsport! Dein großer Traum ist es Rennfahrer zu werden? Dann bist Du bei uns genau richtig. Egal ob Anfänger, talentierter Junior-Fahrer oder Späteinsteiger, der Anfang ist leichter als man denkt. Über 20 Jahre Motorsporterfahrung und unzählige Siege auf der Nürburgring Nordschleife zeichnen das GetSpeed Performance Center aus. Wir beraten Dich und finden mit Dir gemeinsam Deinen idealen Einstieg in den Rennsport. Name * E-Mail-Adresse * Nachricht Please leave this field empty. 3 2 1 G O