Performance aus allen Perspektiven | GetSpeed Performance Center Suchbegriff eingeben und Enter-Taste drücken RaceTaxi GetSpeed TV Shop Racing Events Location Trackdays Events Clubsport First Steps/Coaching Workshop Hosting Multimedia Gallery Highlight Videos 360° Images and Videos from GetSpeed Webcams Company Career News Partner Stress Level Monitoring Contact Company About us Stress Level Monitoring Career Team Partner Contact Clubsport First Steps/Coaching Workshop Hosting Racing Racing Team Events Location Trackdays Events Multimedia 360° Images and Videos from GetSpeed Highlight Videos Gallery Webcams News Neueste Beiträge GetSpeed bringt Junior-Team auf die legendäre Nordschleife GetSpeed ist ab 2020 offizielles Mercedes-AMG Performance-Team Große Pläne bei GetSpeed für die Saison 2020 All news 0 RaceTaxi Shop GetSpeed TV Trackdays Car Rental INTENSE CLOSE UP INSIDE INTENSE CLOSE UP INSIDE INTENSE CLOSE UP INSIDE INTENSE CLOSE UP INSIDE INTENSE CLOSE UP INSIDE 360° Images and Videos from GetSpeed Experience the GetSpeed Team up close while living their passion – from any perspective. With the 360°-videos you are in the middle of the racing action from one moment to the next. Be it at the workshop, at the event location or in one of our performance cars – you decide. Regardless if you are on the couch in your living room at the moment or on the road, on a train or at work during passing your lunch break with a drive in a Porsche! See our mechanics at work or use the 3D tour for our exclusive event location – so that you can get a clear impression directly before a personal visit! Our office The workshop Interior of the performance car ADAC Total 24h-Rennen 20.05.20 | 22:00 - 24.05.20 | 21:59 HIER GEHT´S ZUM LIVE-STREAM! Virtual Reality – The Pure Experience You are putting on your VR glasses and are sitting in a high-performance car in the middle of the Nürburgring. Adrenaline is pumping through your veins. The engine is starting, the pilot is putting in first gear, releasing the clutch and 450 HP are pressing you into your bucket seat. Your heart is beating to the rhythm of the engine. The cockpit is steaming with excitement. Breath-taking landscapes are passing you by at high speed. Trees and cars are merely fleeting shadows in the corner of your eye. You are here. You are alert. You are live in the action. BENZIN IM BLUT? Erlebe eine atemberaubende Taxifahrt durch die ‘Grüne Hölle’ beim schnellsten Team der VLN Porsche Carrera Cup Klasse. Nimm’ als Co-Pilot Platz im offiziellen Nürburgring Racetaxi im Rahmen der Touristenfahrten auf der Nürburgring Nordschleife oder während des VLN-Freitagstraining, inmitten der Rennboliden. Auf Wunsch inkl. Stress Level Monitoring und Deiner Onboard-Runde als Erinnerung! JETZT BUCHEN GetSpeed Performance GmbH & Co. KG Gottlieb-Daimler-Straße 5 53520 Meuspath FON 0049 2691.9330334 FAX 0049 2691.9330335 EMAIL info@getspeed.de Neueste Beiträge GetSpeed bringt Junior-Team auf die legendäre Nordschleife GetSpeed ist ab 2020 offizielles Mercedes-AMG Performance-Team Große Pläne bei GetSpeed für die Saison 2020 top Damit dieses Internetportal ordnungsgemäß funktioniert, legen wir manchmal kleine Dateien – sogenannte Cookies – auf Ihrem Gerät ab. Das ist bei den meisten Websites üblich. Ablehnen AkzeptierenPrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Dein erfolgreicher Einstieg in den Motorsport! Dein großer Traum ist es Rennfahrer zu werden? Dann bist Du bei uns genau richtig. Egal ob Anfänger, talentierter Junior-Fahrer oder Späteinsteiger, der Anfang ist leichter als man denkt. Über 20 Jahre Motorsporterfahrung und unzählige Siege auf der Nürburgring Nordschleife zeichnen das GetSpeed Performance Center aus. Wir beraten Dich und finden mit Dir gemeinsam Deinen idealen Einstieg in den Rennsport. Name * E-Mail-Adresse * Nachricht Please leave this field empty. 3 2 1 G O