Coaching | GetSpeed Performance Center Nürburgring Suchbegriff eingeben und Enter-Taste drücken RaceTaxi GetSpeed TV Shop Racing Events Location Trackdays Events Clubsport First Steps/Coaching Workshop Hosting Multimedia Gallery Highlight Videos 360° Images and Videos from GetSpeed Webcams Company Career News Partner Stress Level Monitoring Contact Company About us Stress Level Monitoring Career Team Partner Contact Clubsport First Steps/Coaching Workshop Hosting Racing Racing Team Events Location Trackdays Events Multimedia 360° Images and Videos from GetSpeed Highlight Videos Gallery Webcams News Neueste Beiträge GetSpeed bringt Junior-Team auf die legendäre Nordschleife GetSpeed ist ab 2020 offizielles Mercedes-AMG Performance-Team Große Pläne bei GetSpeed für die Saison 2020 All news 0 RaceTaxi Shop GetSpeed TV Trackdays Car Rental CONTROLL TIMING COACHING CONTROLL TIMING COACHING CONTROLL TIMING COACHING CONTROLL TIMING COACHING CONTROLL TIMING COACHING COACHING Driving races means risk. Overtaking means fighting and speed means a pure adrenaline rush. The oil trickles like sweat from the engine and the body vibrates to the beat of the machine. There is no limit. Always to the limit, always the maximum. Perfect control and perfect timing at all moments. The game of speeding up and braking determines success. The boundaries between vision and reality get blurred on the asphalt and the cockpit is the only cosmos. Adrenaline is pumping through the veins. Man and machine become one. Nothing can stop you. Life on the racetrack is characterized by passion and emotion. We at GetSpeed enjoy every moment – which is why we love motorsports! You are always on the search for the special kick? You have always dreamed of being behind the wheel of a racing machine? We would like to help you satisfy your deep craving for adrenaline. Before heading to pole position, you have to learn the basics first. We want to help you with this and offer a professionally instructed coaching for this purpose. Whether you are advanced or a complete beginner, we will lead you step-by-step to ever greater challenges. Your coach: Adam Osieka, 20-time Class winner of the VLN and the 24-hr race. He has the expertise and passion to make you into a race driver. If you have more questions about the coaching at the Nürburgring, please contact us. We are happy to be available at any time for you by phone or email. Contact us and receive training to become a race driver very soon! COACHING ANFRAGE Please leave this field empty. PERFORMANCE Produkte von GetSpeed 3-in-1 Multifunktionsjacke €189,00 Select options Armband €2,90 Read more Basecap €24,90 Add to basket ZUM SHOP GetSpeed Performance GmbH & Co. KG Gottlieb-Daimler-Straße 5 53520 Meuspath FON 0049 2691.9330334 FAX 0049 2691.9330335 EMAIL info@getspeed.de Neueste Beiträge GetSpeed bringt Junior-Team auf die legendäre Nordschleife GetSpeed ist ab 2020 offizielles Mercedes-AMG Performance-Team Große Pläne bei GetSpeed für die Saison 2020 top Damit dieses Internetportal ordnungsgemäß funktioniert, legen wir manchmal kleine Dateien – sogenannte Cookies – auf Ihrem Gerät ab. Das ist bei den meisten Websites üblich. Ablehnen AkzeptierenPrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Dein erfolgreicher Einstieg in den Motorsport! Dein großer Traum ist es Rennfahrer zu werden? Dann bist Du bei uns genau richtig. Egal ob Anfänger, talentierter Junior-Fahrer oder Späteinsteiger, der Anfang ist leichter als man denkt. Über 20 Jahre Motorsporterfahrung und unzählige Siege auf der Nürburgring Nordschleife zeichnen das GetSpeed Performance Center aus. Wir beraten Dich und finden mit Dir gemeinsam Deinen idealen Einstieg in den Rennsport. Name * E-Mail-Adresse * Nachricht Please leave this field empty. 3 2 1 G O