Big plans at GetSpeed ​​for the 2020 season Enter GetSpeed ​​search term and press Enter RaceTaxi GetSpeed ​​TV Shop Racing Race Car Events Location Trackdays Events Club Sport First Steps / Coaching Workshop Hosting Vehicle Market Multimedia Galleries Highlight Videos Performance from all perspectives Webcams Company Career News Partner Stress Level Monitoring Company About us Stress Level Monitoring Career Team Partners Contact Clubsport First Steps / Coaching Workshop Hosting Vehicle Market Racing Racing Team Racing Cars Events Location Trackdays Events Multimedia Performance from All Perspectives Highlight Videos Galleries Webcams News Latest Posts GetSpeed ​​Brings Junior Team to the Legendary Nordschleife GetSpeed ​​is official Mercedes-AMG Performance from 2020 Team Big plans at GetSpeed ​​for the 2020 season All news 0 RaceTaxi Shop GetSpeed ​​TV Trackdays Car Rental Big plans at GetSpeed ​​for the 2020 season Home / VLN / Big plans at GetSpeed ​​for the season 202 0 Big plans at GetSpeed ​​for the 2020 season In :: VLN 3Jan GetSpeed ​​the VLN remains true to the future, planning for the ADAC GT Masters, GT Open and Blancpain series 2019 was successful for GetSpeed ​​Performance. The team from the Nürburgring business park completed several masterpieces in the past season. The crew around Adam Osieka successfully entered new territory in several series, and was just as victorious on tried and tested routes. For 2020, GetSpeed ​​again has promising and promising plans. The racing program is to be expanded again this year. The focus is on the ADAC GT Masters and the Blancpain series as interesting and expandable projects. Adam Osieka was extremely active beyond the turn of the year as part of these already very advanced plans. The GetSpeed ​​team boss had intensive discussions with several fast drivers. It is clear that Fabian Schiller is available as a pilot in the silver category for both prestigious series. The 22-year-old from Bonn has demonstrated his excellent driving skills and his skills as a coach - on and off the track - on many courses around the world. In addition, GetSpeed ​​has continued to focus on the training and education of up-and-coming talents and ambitious gentleman drivers. “We want to expand the area for young pilots and gentleman drivers. We have created professional foundations to provide intensive support for these drivers. This has already borne fruit in 2019. We are concerned with continuously building up the drivers and passing on the experience we have gained, ”says Adam Osieka. The VLN remains an integral part of the program Of course, races in the Nürburgring Long Distance Series (VLN) are on the program again. At the end of the season, GetSpeed ​​was the team of the hour on the legendary Nordschleife. With second place in the eighth race Philip Ellis and Maximilian Götz celebrated the third podium in a row for the Vodafone Mercedes-AMG GT3 with the start number 2. At VLN7 Fabian Schiller and Dominik Baumann were the first VLN victories in team history and at VLN6 the Austrian was Baumann with Ellis as third on the podium. Adam Osieka plans to build on this with two to three GT3s in 2020. “For Janine Hill and John Shoffner, we will again be using a Mercedes-AMG GT3 this year. We are also planning to use a vehicle with professional racing drivers and another GT3 with talented juniors. In addition to the races in the Nürburgring endurance series, we are also starting at the 24-hour race in our motorsport home. ”Engagement in the ADAC GT Masters is a serious option GetSpeed ​​was very satisfied with the premiere year in the GT4 Germany and in the Belcar Series. In the Belgian long-distance series for prototypes, GT cars and touring cars, Michael Cool won the championship in the GT4 class with the # 93 Mercedes-AMG GT4 from Veidec Silver Eagle Racing and finished fourth overall. In the ADAC GT4 Germany Hamza and Jusuf Owega were on the podium four times. The brothers had chances for the championship until the final at the Sachsenring. In the end, they were very good thirds and were therefore the best Mercedes-AMG team in the strong line-up. After the first strong year as part of the ADAC GT Masters, GetSpeed ​​wants to use two GT4 vehicles here in the future and is even striving for higher things. “We were immediately competitive in an aspiring series with many well-known teams. That is why we are setting ourselves ambitious goals for 2020. We are also seriously considering the ADAC GT Masters. ”GT Open is increasingly driven, premieres at Blancpain GetSpeed ​​gained its first valuable experience in 2019 at the GT Open and the Blancpain GT Europe World Challenge. Good results were also achieved there. Janine Hill and John Shoffner with the Rooster Rojo J2R Mercedes-AMG GT3 were guests at the International GT Open at the Hockenheimring Baden-Württemberg, in Spa-Francorchamps and at the penultimate round of the season near the Catalonian capital Barcelona on the Circuit de Catalunya. Here GetSpeed ​​got a total of four podium places. The Anglo-American duo came second in the Am class twice. Denis Remenyako and Fabian Schiller finished third and second in the Pro-Am class. The Russian Remenyako had previously finished second and first in the Blancpain GT Sports Club series in Spa-Francorchamps as part of the SRO Speedweek. “Janine Hill and John Shoffner have developed splendidly thanks to the excellent coaching by Fabian Schiller. The two of them really liked the racing format of the GT Open. In 2020 we want to compete in all races with one or two cars, ”says Adam Osieka. In the coming year, GetSpeed ​​will expand the colorful, varied series bouquet either by participating in the ADAC GT Masters or by starting in Blancpain in both the GT World Challenge Europe Sprint and Endurance Cup. Concluding discussions are still ongoing here. “What is certain is that we will step on the gas in 2020 more than ever. Always according to the motto: GetSpeed! “, Osieka promises. Share This VLN finale with ups and downs PREVIOUS POST GetSpeed ​​will be official Mercedes-AMG performance team from 2020 NEXT POST Latest articles GetSpeed ​​brings junior team to the legendary Nordschleife GetSpeed ​​is official Mercedes-AMG performance team from 2020 Big plans at GetSpeed for the 2020 season VLN final with ups and downs Philip Ellis: "We want to play with the big boys" Archives January 2020 October 2019 September 2019 August 2019 July 2019 June 2019 May 2019 April 2019 March 2019 January 2019 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 October 2017 Categories General VLN ADAC GT4 Germany Belcar GT Open 24h Race Nürburgring Blancpain Product CategoriesGeneral VIP Lounge ADAC Zurich 24h Race Porsche Sales GetSpeed ​​Performance GmbH & Co. KG Gottlieb-Daimler- Straße 5 53520 Meuspath FON 0049 2691.9330334 FAX 0049 2691.9330335 EMAIL info@getspeed.de Latest Posts GetSpeed ​​bri ngt junior team on the legendary Nordschleife GetSpeed ​​is official Mercedes-AMG performance team from 2020 Big plans at GetSpeed ​​for the 2020 season top In order for this internet portal to work properly, we sometimes put small files - so-called cookies - on your device. This is common for most websites. Decline AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary always active Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Not necessary Not necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Your successful entry into motorsport! Your big dream is to be a racing driver? Then you are exactly right with us. No matter if you are a beginner, a talented junior driver or a late entrant, the beginning is easier than you think. The GetSpeed ​​Performance Center is characterized by over 20 years of motorsport experience and countless victories on the Nürburgring Nordschleife. We will advise you and work with you to find your ideal entry into racing. Name * Email address * Message Please leave this field empty. 3 2 1 G O