Stress Level Monitoring | GetSpeed ​​Performance Center Nürburgring Enter search term and press Enter RaceTaxi GetSpeed ​​TV Shop Racing Events Location Trackdays Events Clubsport First Steps / Coaching Workshop Hosting Multimedia Gallery Highlight Videos 360 ° Images and Videos from GetSpeed ​​Webcams Company Career News Partner Stress Level Monitoring Contact Company About us Stress Level Monitoring Career Team Partner Contact Clubsport First Steps / Coaching Workshop Hosting Racing Racing Team Events Location Trackdays Events Multimedia 360 ° Images and Videos from GetSpeed ​​Highlight Videos Gallery Webcams News Latest Posts GetSpeed ​​brings junior team to the legendary Nordschleife GetSpeed ​​is official from 2020 Mercedes-AMG Performance Team Big plans at GetSpeed ​​for the 2020 season All news 0 RaceTaxi Shop GetSpeed ​​TV Trackdays Car Rental PULSE BLOOD BLOOD PRESSURE BRAIN CURRENTS PULSE BLOW BLOOD PRESSURE BRAIN CURRENTS PULSE BLOW BLOOD PRESSURE BRAIN FLOWS World Premiere in the Program of the 24-hr Race he program of the 24h-race at the Nürburgring included a world premiere: The stress level of Adam Osieka, Steve Jans, Dieter Schornstein and Andy Sammers was measured continuously while driving and transmitted live via LTE from the driving car including video. With patented and proprietary know-how, GetSpeed ​​has developed the innovation in a strategic partnership with Vodafone, BioRICS, Race Navigator, Wige and nürburgring.tv to reach application maturity and has already tested it offline in the previous VLN test races. The stress level of the drivers can be measured by means of primary parameters such as pulse, blood pressure, breathing frequency, tension of the skin, CO2 output, brain flows and a special algorithm. Based on this data, conclusions as to mental strength, motivation and subconscious fears of drivers can be drawn. By measuring the stress level, thus a direct or indirect gain in driving safety and driving performance can be achieved. Furthermore, the information gathered supports relevant decisions before and during the race. The past: beyond measuring the stress level, it is also planned to develop and apply approaches to improve stress tolerance during the current season. This is done by targeted coaching on individual track sections, mental and physical training in the lead-up and follow-up, influencing reduced physical functions and sufficient supply of water and nutrients to the driver. Prospectively, measuring the stress level enables the direct, interactive and situational interaction between man and machine - e.g. in the case of physical failures or critical driving incidents. With the Race Navigator, GetSpeed ​​and BioRICS launched a protected end-to-end system (sensors, transmission, analysis, display) in 2013. Beyond the product, we offer interested teams and drivers in racing and motorsports a solution package (diagnosis, analysis , optimization). Objectives - Results - System Online measurement of stress levels of racing & sports drivers in racing action Diagnosis of causes & indications by means of processed primary parameters Training programs to treat stress, mental strength and subconscious fear Algorithm: proprietary & patented Test parameters: Various drivers - track sections - race - conditions Objective & result: More driving safety and driving performance in motorsport Your personal stress level monitor Experience your personal stress level anytime and anywhere with the GetSpeed-BioRics technology that is used successfully in motorsports. The product A watch with elegant design, which is linked with the corresponding app. The result Your percentage rate stress level during daily activities and at any time of the day. Graphic display in a daily overview. Price € 299 incl.VAT and license for the first 6 months. After the first 6 months, the license must be renewed. The costs for this are € 72 per year of € 6 per month. How can I order it? Simply fill out the attached form! Get Information Please leave this field empty. GetSpeed ​​Performance GmbH & Co.KG Gottlieb-Daimler-Strasse 5 53520 Meuspath FON 0049 2691.9330334 FAX 0049 2691.9330335 EMAIL info@getspeed.de Latest posts GetSpeed ​​brings junior team to the legendary Nordschleife GetSpeed ​​will be the official Mercedes-AMG performance team from 2020 Plans at GetSpeed ​​for the 2020 season top In order for this internet portal to function properly, we sometimes place small files - so-called cookies - on your device. This is common for most websites. Decline AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Your successful entry into motorsport! Your big dream is to be a racing driver? Then you are exactly right with us. No matter if you are a beginner, a talented junior driver or a late entrant, the beginning is easier than you think. The GetSpeed ​​Performance Center is characterized by over 20 years of motorsport experience and countless victories on the Nürburgring Nordschleife. We will advise you and work with you to find your ideal entry into racing. Name * Email address * Message Please leave this field empty. 3 2 1 G O