Ben's classic car service Hadamar for Hadamar Limburg Weilburg If you have found a vehicle of interest to you on the Internet, classified ads or from a dealer around the corner that aroused your interest in buying but you do not trust yourself, the technical condition and the associated costs that you would incur after the purchase we would be happy to accompany and advise you on your visit. After buying the vehicle, we will take it to our workshop if necessary, do the work and present the vehicle to the TÜV. No matter whether full acceptance according to § 21 StVZO, classic car assessment for the H-license plate according to §23 StVZO or a simple main inspection. When you receive your vehicle, you will receive all the documents you need for smooth registration.Restauration support If you have decided to restore your vehicle yourself and you have reached a point where you can not go any further we would be happy to provide you with advice and assistance in the areas of technology, sheet metal, electrics and approval requirements. The same applies if you have noticed that your project is growing over your head and, for example, due to lack of space, you are unable to complete your project. Just make an appointment with us, we will assess the work already carried out, advise you on how to proceed or take on the project in our workshop. Manufacture of repair panels and body parts Thanks to many years of experience in body and vehicle construction, the Classic car restoration, further training to become a master in body and vehicle construction and the equipment in our workshop, which ranges from a roll stretching machine, a beading machine, a segment folding bench and various upsetting and stretching devices to a wide variety of hand tools for sheet metal processing, we have the option of repair sheets and to manufacture body parts yourself. This is particularly advantageous for you if various body parts are no longer manufactured or are temporarily out of stock, which would definitely hinder the restoration process. Full and partial restoration No matter whether you want to have your vehicle restored from scratch or only repair work or want a partial restoration, with us you get exactly what you need. The work carried out is photo-documented during the restoration. You will receive the resulting photos on CD on completion of the work. In this way you can document the work carried out in the event of a possible later sale. While your vehicle is in our workshop, you are free to get a personal picture of the work at any time by visiting us in the workshop. From oil change, brake service, chassis overhaul, wheel and tire assembly to glass replacement, even of glued disks, we are happy to help you. Just get in touch with us. Electrical work From finding and repairing cable breaks, converting to a fuse box of today's standards, to adapting cable harnesses from other manufacturers (for engine conversions) or tying a completely new, individual cable harness for your vehicle For example, to hide this, we have the right solution for each of your wishes. Conversion and upgrading If the performance of your vehicle is no longer sufficient for you, or if you would like to make it more sporty at the many different events, there are many options, the performance to increase. Whether the conversion to 4 cylinder to 6 or 8 cylinder engine, or the conversion from naturally aspirated to turbo. All conversions can be TÜV-compliant and therefore do not stand in the way of an H mark. Such a conversion includes the adjustment of the chassis, brake system, exhaust system, etc. and is not a problem for us. An example of this is the Renault 5 GTE, which has the conversion from 96 HP naturally aspirated to Volvo engine with turbocharging behind it, chassis, brakes and exhaust system were adjusted so that full acceptance according to §21 StVZO worked smoothly. The vehicle is currently in the next stage of expansion. The performance is now increased by expanding the displacement, a larger turbocharger and a freely programmable control unit. You can also find pictures here on the page. Spare parts procurement and TüV Through a well-developed network to clubs and specialized spare parts dealers in Germany and abroad, as well as the possibility to manufacture a lot ourselves, we can also help you with the spare parts procurement. If you do not want to present your vehicle for the main inspection yourself, we would be happy to do it for you. Before the presentation, at a test organization, we can look through your vehicle together in our workshop and discuss upcoming work directly, which we then carry out for the main inspection. Conversion for racing As for everything in Germany, there are also requirements for the various racing classes and historic motorsport requirements. If you decide to use your vehicle at such events, we would be happy to go through the various regulations with you and convert your vehicle in accordance with the applicable regulations. © 2019 by Ben`s Oldtimer Service