Cookies: Mercedes-Benz Louzao Perillo-Oleiros Cookies Cookies We use cookies and similar technologies, such as HTML5 Storage or Local Shared Objects (hereinafter jointly referred to as "cookies") in order to be able to know user preferences and thus be able to optimize the configuration of the web pages. This facilitates navigation and makes possible a high degree of ease of use for the user who visits a web page. Cookies are small files that are stored on your device. With the help of cookies it is possible to check whether a communication with our pages has been previously established on your device. The cookie on your device is uniquely identified. Cookies contain personal data only if you have given your consent or if it is technically essential, for example, to be able to open a session with restricted access. If you use our website, you declare your compliance with the use and storage of cookies on your device. However, you can visit our website also without cookies. Most browsers accept cookies automatically. You can avoid storing cookies on your device by choosing in your browser settings the setting * Do not accept cookies *. You can delete cookies that are already stored on your device at any time. For more detailed information, see the instructions of the manufacturer of your browser or your device. The fact of not accepting cookies may suppose a limitation in the functionality of our offers. We divide cookies into the following categories: Essential cookies (type 1) These cookies are necessary so that web pages and their functions can operate correctly. Without these cookies it is not possible to make certain services available, such as the vehicle configurator. Function cookies (type 2) These cookies allow to increase the comfort and performance of web pages and make different functions available. For example, in function cookies, the selected language can be memorized. Performance cookies (type 3) These cookies collect information about your use of web pages. Feature cookies help us, for example, to identify the most popular sections of our offer on the Internet. In this way we can better adapt the content of our web pages to your preferences, improving our offer for you. The information collected with these cookies is not related to people. You will find more information on the collection and evaluation of information in the section "Evaluation of user data". Third party cookies (type 4) These cookies come from third parties, for example, from social networks. They are used in the first line to integrate content from social networks, such as Social Plugins, on our page. You will find more information about our use of Social Plugins in the "Social Plugins" section of the Privacy Statement. Data Protection General Cookies Name of the Cookie Description Type of Cookie JSESSIONID This cookie is used by an external server that provides card data. Stores the "Session ID" that groups together multiple queries related to the server and assigns a session. Type 1 JSESSIONID This cookie is used by an external server that provides card data. Stores the "Session ID" that groups together multiple queries related to the server and assigns a session. Type 4 s_cc These cookies store information about how users use the website and thus help us to continually improve our website according to your interests. Type 3 s_sq These cookies store information about how users use the website and thus help us to continually improve our website according to your interests. Type 3 s_vi These cookies store information about how users use the website and thus help us to continually improve our website according to your interests. Type 3 emb_cis_ * This cookie indicates that you accept the use of cookies on our website. It is set once you have closed the pop-up window 'Use of cookies' Type 2 cookiePolicy This cookie shows that you have authorized the use of cookies on our web pages. The cookie is memorized when you close the warning window on the use of cookies. Type 2 s_cpc s_ria s_sv_sid These cookies store information about how users use the website and thus help us to continually improve our website according to your interests. Type 3 PHPSESSID This cookie is automatically created and does not contain any personal information. It only lasts for the duration of your visit, they are removed as soon as the web browser is closed. Type 2 model This cookie stores the last vehicle model you have seen. In this way, on your next visit we can inform you of specific content of a specific model depending on your interests. Type 2 unit Our website contains information about all the products and services offered by Mercedes-Benz. This cookie saves the sections that you have last visited. This information allows us to direct you to the product pages that interest you on your next visit. Type 2 HighBandwidth $ ms_externalFlash These cookies contain information about which version of Adobe Flash Player is installed on a device and what bandwidth is available. In this way we can offer you multimedia content that corresponds to your individual system requirements and avoid long loading times. Type 3 sr_embvs These cookies contain information about the latest Mercedes-Benz vehicle model that a user has created in the configurator. These data are displayed on the information pages of the corresponding model and allow you to continue with the configuration at another time. Type 2 sr_embvs_path These cookies contain information about the latest Mercedes-Benz vehicle model that a user has created in the configurator. These data are displayed on the information pages of the corresponding model and allow you to continue with the configuration at another time. Type 2 sr_voc These cookies contain information about the latest model of Mercedes-Benz minivan or van that a user has created in the configurator. These data are displayed on the information pages of the corresponding model and allow you to continue with the configuration at another time. Type 2 sr_voc_path These cookies contain information about the latest model of Mercedes-Benz minivan or van that a user has created in the configurator. These data are displayed on the information pages of the corresponding model and allow you to continue with the configuration at another time. Type 2