FAQ | Smart-Repair-Schwerk Home Services Wheel repair Paint repair Interior repair Sheet repair FAQ Gallery Directions Contact Imprint / data protection declaration General opening times Mon-Fri from 8 am to 6 pm or by telephone agreement. The idea Who doesn't know it? When parking or leaving, overlook the curb and the paint is off. Or not paying attention when smoking and there is already a hole in the seat. This is really annoying. If you then drive to the dealer or painter with such damage, you not only have to bring a lot of money, but also a lot of time. And who has had enough of both these days? Appointment / request Would you like to request an appointment or can you already tell us what the damage is? Then do not hesitate to call us on 0431-16082691 or 0176-75124863. Start> FAQ FAQ FAQ Does my insurance cover the damage? Whether your insurance company pays the damage depends on how you are insured. In the normal case (in the case of minor damage) that you have caused yourself, usually Your deductible will be higher than repairing the damage itself. In our experience, even if a repair is slightly more expensive than your deductible, it is advisable to pay for the repair out of your own pocket. If you use the insurer to cover the costs, the insurer will upgrade you. What is the best time of year to have damage repaired? The repair of your vehicle is not tied to any season. As soon as you have discovered any damage, you should visit us. We are there for you all year round. How long does it take before you contact me? After you have sent your request to us using the online form, we will usually get in touch with you within the next working day. You can also contact us at any time on 0176 75 12 48 63 or 0431 66 74 74 1. How long does it take for you to submit an offer to me? That depends entirely on you. We would be happy to arrange a suitable appointment with you on site. We are also happy to look after the damage, estimate the effort and submit the offer after consultation outside of opening hours. How do I contact you? We are available via email info [at] smart-repair-schwerk.de, via phone: 0431/6674741, cell phone 0176/75124863, fax .: 0431/6674879, or from Monday to Friday from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. in the To reach the workshop. Where can I find them? Our workshop is at Holzkoppelweg 33 (Hall 33) 24148 Kiel See the "Directions" page for details. Can you handle emergencies? We regularly have customers who need urgent and short-term repairs, e.g. for leasing returns, sales or transport damage. Please contact us in such a case! We will do our best to repair your damage as soon as possible. How much does it cost to repair the damage? It depends on the damage and the effort. We ask for your understanding that we can only give exact costs after the inspection. We are usually up to 50% cheaper than conventional repairs. How long will it take to drive again? Usually. It takes about 2 hours to repair your damage (varies according to damage and effort). However, many of our customers prefer to make the vehicle available to us before starting work and to pick it up again after work. How long does the repair last? Until the point at which your vehicle is damaged in exactly the same place. How long should I wait before the vehicle can be washed? It is advisable to wash the vehicle if possible on the day of the repair. The high quality clear coat takes a certain amount of time to harden. If cleaning is unavoidable on the same day, please contact us, we will be happy to give you tips on how to prevent problems. Copyright © 2010 Smart Repair Schwerk. - Realized by Dirk Laubach.