Smart-Repair-Schwerk | We paint the scratch and not the car! Home Services Rims repair Paint repair Interior repair Sheet metal repair FAQ Gallery Directions Contact Imprint / data protection declaration General opening times Mon-Fri from 8 am to 6 pm or by telephone agreement. The idea Who doesn't know it? When parking or leaving, overlook the curb and the paint is off. Or not paying attention when smoking and there is already a hole in the seat. This is really annoying. If you then drive to the dealer or painter with such damage, you not only have to bring a lot of money, but also a lot of time. And who has had enough of both these days? Appointment / request Would you like to request an appointment or can you already tell us what the damage is? Then do not hesitate to call us on 0431-16082691 or 0176-75124863. The idea With the smart repair process it is possible to reduce this annoyance and cost factor to a minimum. Offer partial painting on and in the vehicle: more and more components are being painted on the current car models and are therefore very susceptible to damage of all kinds. we only paint the scratch and not the entire component, as would normally be the case with a painter. Increase in value According to a current ADAC Internet study (available at www.ADAC.de Keyword: repair procedure), smart repair is a suitable procedure to help your vehicle regain its shine and to significantly increase the value of the vehicle. And the first scratch is known to hurt the most. Spring cleaning Are you finished with the spring cleaning and have you already brought your apartment to a high gloss? Then it's time for your car to shine in new splendor. “Spring cleaning” is not just a topic for your own four walls, but also on the car. This does not only include changing the tires or knocking out the floor mats. In order to maintain the look and value permanently, your vehicle also needs maintenance in the spring. Everyday damage Everyday damage disappears in no time. With the help of the spot repair or smart repair procedure, we can solve minor mishaps, e.g. Undo dents, stone chips, scratches in the paint, etc. on and in your vehicle. The idea With the smart repair process it is possible to reduce this annoyance and cost factor to a minimum. Offer partial painting on and in the vehicle: more and more components are being painted on the current car models and are therefore very susceptible to damage of all kinds. we only paint the scratch and not the entire component, as would normally be the case with a painter. Increase in value According to a current ADAC Internet study (available at www.ADAC.de Keyword: repair procedure), smart repair is a suitable procedure to help your vehicle regain its shine and to significantly increase the value of the vehicle. And the first scratch is known to hurt the most. You can find more information about smart repair on our other pages: Our range of services.We will tell you how much you can save with smart repair.More information ... FAQ Frequently Asked QuestionsFind answers to questions about smart repairMore information ... How to get there To us. We look at your damage directly on site. More information ... Contact Do you have any questions? Then contact us. More information ... Copyright © 2010 Smart Repair Schwerk. - Realized by Dirk Laubach.