Imprint / data protection declaration | Smart-Repair-Schwerk Home Services Wheel repair Paint repair Interior repair Sheet repair FAQ Gallery Directions Contact Imprint / data protection declaration General opening times Mon-Fri from 8 am to 6 pm or by telephone agreement. The idea Who doesn't know it? When parking or leaving, overlook the curb and the paint is off. Or not paying attention when smoking and there is already a hole in the seat. This is really annoying. If you then drive to the dealer or painter with such damage, you not only have to bring a lot of money, but also a lot of time. And who has had enough of both these days? Appointment / request Would you like to request an appointment or can you already tell us what the damage is? Then do not hesitate to call us on 0431-16082691 or 0176-75124863. Start> Imprint / Data protection declaration Imprint / Data protection declaration Data protection declaration Responsible body in terms of data protection laws, in particular the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), is: Smart-Repair-Schwerk Sebastian Schwerk Holzkoppelweg 33 / Hall 33 24118 Kiel 04 31/16 08 26 91 Telephone 04 31/6 67 48 79 Fax 01 76/75 12 48 63 Mobile info@smart-repair-schwerk.de www.smart-repair-schwerk.de Your rights as a data subject You can exercise the following rights at any time using the contact details provided by our data protection officer: Information about Your data stored with us and their processing, correction of incorrect personal data, deletion of your data stored with us, restriction of data processing if we are not yet allowed to delete your data due to legal obligations, objection to the processing of your data by us and data portability if you have consented to the data processing or a Ver have completed with us. If you have given us your consent, you can revoke it at any time with future effect. You can contact the supervisory authority responsible for you at any time with a complaint. The competent supervisory authority depends on the state of your place of residence, your work or the alleged violation. A list of the supervisory authorities (for the non-public area) with address can be found at: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html. Purposes of data processing by the responsible body and third parties We only process your personal data for the purposes stated in this data protection declaration. Your personal data will not be passed on to third parties for purposes other than those mentioned. We only pass on your personal data to third parties if: you have given your express consent to this, processing is necessary to process a contract with you, processing is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation, processing is necessary to protect legitimate interests and none There is reason to assume that you have an overriding legitimate interest in not disclosing your data. Collection of general information when visiting our website When you access our website, information of a general nature is automatically collected by means of a cookie. This information (server log files) includes, for example, the type of web browser, the operating system used, the domain name of your Internet service provider and the like. This is exclusively information that does not allow any conclusions to be drawn about your person. This information is technically necessary in order to correctly deliver the content of websites you have requested and is mandatory when using the Internet. They are processed in particular for the following purposes: ensuring a problem-free connection to the website, ensuring smooth use of our website, evaluating system security and stability as well as for other administrative purposes. The processing of your personal data is based on our legitimate interest for the aforementioned purposes for data collection. We do not use your data to draw conclusions about you personally. The recipient of the data is only the responsible body and, if applicable, the processor. We may statistically evaluate anonymous information of this type in order to optimize our website and the technology behind it. Cookies Like many other websites, we also use so-called "cookies". Cookies are small text files that are transferred from a website server to your hard drive. This automatically gives us certain data, such as B. IP address, browser used, operating system and your connection to the Internet. Cookies cannot be used to start programs or transfer viruses to a computer. Based on the information contained in cookies, we can make navigation easier for you and enable our websites to be displayed correctly. Under no circumstances will the data we collect be passed on to third parties or linked to personal data without your consent. Of course, you can of course also view our website without cookies. Internet browsers are regularly set to accept cookies. In general, you can deactivate the use of cookies at any time via the settings of your browser. Please use the help functions of your internet browser to find out how you can change these settings. Please note that individual functions of our website may not work if you have deactivated the use of cookies. Contact form If you have any questions about us by email or contact form, please give us your voluntary consent for the purpose of contacting us. For this, a valid email address is required. This is used to assign the request and then answer it. The specification of further data is optional. The information you provide will be stored for the purpose of processing the request and for possible follow-up questions. Personal data will be automatically deleted after your request has been dealt with. Use of script libraries (Google Webfonts) In order to present our content correctly and graphically appealing across browsers, we use script libraries and font libraries such as B. Google Webfonts (https://www.google.com/webfonts/). Google web fonts are transferred to your browser's cache to avoid multiple loading. If the browser does not support Google Webfonts or prevents access, content is displayed in a standard font. Calling script libraries or font libraries automatically triggers a connection to the operator of the library. It is theoretically possible - but currently also unclear whether and if so for what purposes - that operators of corresponding libraries collect data. The privacy policy of the library operator Google can be found here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ Changes to our data protection regulations We reserve the right to adapt this data protection declaration so that it always corresponds to the current legal requirements or to change our services in the Implement data protection declaration, e.g. when introducing new services. The new data protection declaration then applies to your next visit. Questions to the data protection officer If you have any questions about data protection, please send us an email or contact the person responsible for data protection in our organization: Sebastian Schwerk Holzkoppelweg 33 / Hall 33 24118 Kiel 04 31/16 08 26 91 Telephone 04 31/6 67 48 79 Fax 01 76/75 12 48 63 Mobile Who we are Smart-Repair-Schwerk Sebastian Schwerk Holzkoppelweg 33 / Halle 57 24118 Kiel 04 31/16 08 26 91 Telephone 04 31/6 67 48 79 Fax 01 76/75 12 48 63 Mobil info@smart-repair-schwerk.de www.smart-repair-schwerk.de Copyright © 2010 Smart Repair Schwerk. - Realized by Dirk Laubach.