Tire service | REIFF tires and car technology Note: Javascript does not work / does not work properly The simple and convenient handling of the Reiff tire online shop requires Javascript. Click here for more information on installing / activating Java Script. This website uses cookies to enable certain functions and to improve the offer. By continuing here you agree to the use of cookies. >> More information ✖ Monday-Friday: 07121 / 915-9999 Make an appointment now online Search 0 product (s) in the shopping cart Product added Product was added to the shopping cart 1x Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Please select the company where you have this item assembled want: ok cancel ok Please select the vehicle for which the selected service is to be performed: Why do you need wheel alignment? Car pulls to the left Car pulls to the right Tires worn on one side New chassis e.g. Lowering new component e.g. Tie rod vehicle had an accident Note: For special models / engines, other prices may apply in exceptional cases! cancel ok online shop tire service car service business customers tires, wheels and rims submenu_reifen-raeder-und-felgen branches submenu_niederlassung services & services submenu_ achievements-services actions & news submenu_actions-news tire knowledge submenu_ tires-knowledge company submenu_company jobs & careers submenu_jobs-career tire service tire manufacturer Continental Dunlop Falken Gislaved Goodyear Hankook Pirelli tires car tires van and light truck tires off-road and SUV tires commercial vehicle tires motorcycle tires wheels / rims complete wheels wheel advice steel rims aluminum rims aluminum rims care tips rim configurator rim repair rim repair repair tire pressure control REIFF locations REIFF service promise mobile service measurement AIRSTOPP balancing wheel storage tire pressure control system Actions Bridgestone Test Our Best Dunlop Lucky Tire Fire Falcon n says tanke! Goodyear Reach New Peaks Hankook exchange bonus Michelin Miles & More customers recruit customers Twen discountNews Current events Events Newsletter Give customers feedback Feedback Tires Know-how Tire encyclopedia EU tire label Tire safety Winter tire obligation Alpine symbol tire tests Summer tire tests Winter tire tests Motorbike tire tests SUV / off-road tire tests About REIFF REIFF locations REIFF Sustainability Certificates / AwardsContact customer center Make an appointmentPress & Media Relations Job exchange Unsolicited application WhatsApp ServiceTraining Vacant training positions School internship Information for parents & teachers Application tips Information on the current situation: We attach great importance to complying with the prescribed distance and hygiene rules of the Corona Regulation. For this reason, there can be a longer advance notice and the appointments on site can take a little more time, as you are used to from us. It is about your and the health of our employees, we ask for your understanding. Your REIFF team workshop appointment This year, too, REIFF was rewarded with the coveted award "WORKSHOP OF TRUST 2018". Make an appointment Car service Inspection & maintenance Wear and repair Pick-up and delivery service Replacement vehicle Request offer Feedbacks 96% recommendation! Status: 08.05.2018 Read feedbacks Give feedback REIFF location search Search tires and rims Detailed search Please click on the category of your choice, to get to the respective product selection. Current tires Quick search Product selection Passenger car summer tires Passenger car winter tires Passenger car all-weather tires Offroad / SUV summer tires Offroad / SUV winter tires Offroad / SUV all-weather tires Light truck summer tires Light truck winter tires Light truck all-weather tires Speed ​​index speed H - 210 km / hT - 190 km / hV - 240 km / hW - 270 km / hY - 300 km / h Dimension 145155165175185195205215225235245255/354045505560657080 R 13141516171819 Manufacturer ManufacturerGislaved Search Help Leasing Then you are exactly right with us! We work with all leading leasing companies, including: »All leasing partners at a glance REIFF is a certified specialist company from Michelin REIFF meets the quality standards that Michelin has developed for sales and services relating to tires. For you as a customer, this means: At REIFF you can rely on professional tire service! With over 100 years of experience in tire trading, we are real specialists and would be happy to advise you personally. You can reach our online shop around the clock - there you can choose your own tires and have them delivered to a branch of your choice. We are "strong in service". Convince yourself of our large range of branded tires, our extensive services and our service promise, which we give you every day anew. We are looking forward to your visit! Do you already know our current summer tire and rim offers? No?! We have the right tire for you! With our over 100 years of experience in the field of tires, we are happy to pass on all of our knowledge to you! We will roll out the red carpet for you, visit us! REIFF online shop - now also benefit from the REIFF service online. In the REIFF tire shop you can order your tires, rims, complete wheels and services anytime and anywhere. The assembly takes place in one of the 32 REIFF tires and car technology locations in Baden-Württemberg. Make an appointment online at your REIFF branch. Or you can pick up your order at a REIFF branch of your choice. Are you a tire dealer or a major customer? Then visit our business customers online shop. Tire rims / complete wheels Online appointment booking Auto service Services Business customers Terms and Conditions Data protection Cookie settings Imprint Shipping costs Payment options Dispute resolution Company REIFF Locations Awards Jobs & careers Contact News at REIFF Facebook