Cookies | REIFF tires and car technology Note: Javascript does not work / does not work properly The simple and convenient handling of the Reiff tire online shop requires Javascript. Click here for more information on installing / activating Java Script. This website uses cookies to enable certain functions and to improve the offer. By continuing here you agree to the use of cookies. >> More information ✖ Monday-Friday: 07121 / 915-9999 Make an appointment now online Search 0 product (s) in the shopping cart Product added Product was added to the shopping cart 1x Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Please select the company where you have this item assembled want: ok cancel ok Please select the vehicle for which the selected service is to be performed: Why do you need wheel alignment? Car pulls to the left Car pulls to the right Tires worn on one side New chassis e.g. Lowering new component e.g. Tie rod vehicle had an accident Note: For special models / engines, other prices may apply in exceptional cases! cancel ok online shop tire service car service business customers offers submenu_offers tires and rims submenu_tyres-and-rims service submenu_service info and help submenu_infos-and-help about REIFF submenu_ueber-reiff login submenu_login jobs & careers submenu_jobs-career online shop »info and help» technical information »cookies awards Offers car tires motorcycle tires van tires / light truck search tires and rims car tires off-road / SUV tires van tires / light truck motorcycle tires complete wheels rims tire profiles overview cars summer tires cars winter tires cars all-weather tires off-road tires SUV tires light truck tires van tires moped tires motorcycle tires scooter tire assembly service service assembly service appointment service payment options REIFF Locations Car Service REIFF Services REIFF Service Services Auto Knowledge EU Tire Label No EU Label Order and Info Order History Complete Prices Correct Tire Size Notes for Tire Dimension Availability payment methods pick up appointment wheel configurator delivery and shipping delivery services and shipping methods shipping costs and delivery time availability delivery status guarantee and cancellation return guarantee / warranty right of withdrawal contact technical information browser settings change browser settings shopping cart cookies cookies and firewall technical details technical contact data protection notice the company news & archive facts and figures philosophy REIFF sustainability certificates / Awards REIFF on FacebookContact Customer Center REIFF Locations Make an appointmentNewsletter Login Business customer Business customer online shopLogin Reseller Reseller online shop Job exchange Unsolicited application WhatsApp ServiceTraining Free apprenticeships School internship Information for parents & teachers Application tips Information and help Ordering and informationDelivery and shippingGuarantee and revocationTechnical information Change settingsShopping cartCookiesCookies and firewallTechnical detailsTechn. ContactPrivacy notice What are cookies? Many people are afraid of cookies. The wildest rumors are circulating about cookies: They are supposed to spy on the computer, spread viruses, etc. However, the assumption that cookies pose a threat to the security of your computer or your personal data is very unlikely and it would be a shame to forego the convenience, that the "biscuits" offer. Technically speaking, there are two types of cookies: "session-dependent" cookies, which are only valid for the current visit to the site, and "permanent" cookies, which are saved in a small text file by the browser on your hard drive. REIFF tire shop only uses session-dependent cookies, so that we never save data on your hard drive! The content of the cookie is determined by the creator - in this case REIFF tire shop. For security reasons, we only store a coded identifier in our cookie. All information remains on the REIFF tire shop side and cannot be viewed from outside. Our server only accesses the identification contained in the cookie in order to assign the stored data, such as the shopping cart etc., to the current user - personalization of web offers is therefore only possible with cookies. Strangers cannot access data in cookies: A cookie can only be read from the page from which it was written. This ensures that data that you have specified on our homepage cannot be spied on. In order to prevent data garbage on your hard drive, permanent cookies also have a limited lifespan. They will be automatically deleted from your browser after a while. You can also delete cookies by hand at any time or specify as an option in your browser that you will be asked each time whether cookies may be stored. Name Provider Type Purpose Status cookiePersistableBasket REIFF Reifen & Autotechnik GmbH, Tübinger Str. 2-6, 72762 Reutlingen Function Allocation of the shopping basket necessary cookieSettings REIFF Reifen & Autotechnik GmbH, Tübinger Str. 2-6, 72762 Reutlingen Function Allocation of the cookie settings necessary Form garage function REIFF Reifen & Autotechnik GmbH, Tübinger Str. 2-6, 72762 Reutlingen Function Filtering of products required Form Checkout REIFF Reifen & Autotechnik GmbH, Tübinger Str. 2-6, 72762 Reutlingen Function Purchase processing necessary JSESSIONID REIFF Reifen & Autotechnik GmbH, Tübinger Str. 2-6, 72762 Reutlingen Function Allocation of the session is required Google Analytics Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA Statistics Improving the shopping experience Google AdWords Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA Marketing circuit based on interests Advertise REIFF locations Find REIFF locations in Near you! REIFF Newsletter Useful tips for drivers and current offers free of charge by email! »Click and subscribe to the REIFF newsletter Tire rims / complete wheels Online appointment booking Auto service Services Business customers Terms and Conditions Privacy policy Cookie settings Imprint Shipping costs Payment options Dispute resolution Company REIFF Locations Awards Jobs & careers Contact News at REIFF Facebook