Shipping costs REIFF tires and car technology Note: Javascript does not work / does not work properly The simple and convenient handling of the Reiff tire online shop requires Javascript. Click here for more information on installing / activating Java Script. This website uses cookies to enable certain functions and to improve the offer. By continuing here you agree to the use of cookies. >> More information ✖ Monday-Friday: 07121 / 915-9999 Make an appointment now online Search 0 product (s) in the shopping cart Product added Product was added to the shopping cart 1x Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Please select the company where you have this item assembled want: ok cancel ok Please select the vehicle for which the selected service is to be performed: Why do you need wheel alignment? Car pulls to the left Car pulls to the right Tires worn on one side New chassis e.g. Lowering new component e.g. Tie rod vehicle had an accident Note: For special models / engines, other prices may apply in exceptional cases! cancel ok online shop tire service car service business customers offers submenu_offers tires and rims submenu_tyres-and-rims service submenu_service info and help submenu_infos-and-help about REIFF submenu_ueber-reiff login submenu_login jobs & careers submenu_jobs-career online shop »info and help» delivery and shipping »shipping costs and delivery time Premium campaignsTire offers Car tires Motorbike tires Van tires / light truck Search tires and rims Car tires Offroad / SUV tires Van tires / Light truck motorcycle tires Complete wheels Rims Tire profiles Overview Cars Summer tires Cars Winter tires Cars All-weather tires Off-road tires SUV tires Light truck tires Van tires Moped tires Motorbike tires Scooter tires Assembly service Assembly service Appointment service Payment options REIFF locations Car service REIFF services REIFF service services Auto knowledge EU tire label No EU label Order and info Order process Complete prices Correct tire size Notizett el for tire size Availability Payment methods Pick up an appointment Wheels configuratorDelivery and shipping Delivery services and shipping methods Shipping costs and delivery time Availability Delivery statusGuarantee and revocation Return guarantee / warranty Right of revocation ContactTechnical information Browser settings Change browser settings Shopping cart Cookies Cookies and firewall Technical details Technical contact Data protection notice The company News & archive Facts and figures Philosophy REIFF Sustainability Certificates / Awards REIFF on FacebookContact Customer Center REIFF Locations Make an appointmentNewsletter Login Business customer Business customer Online shopLogin Reseller Reseller Online shop Job exchange Unsolicited application WhatsApp ServiceTraining Vacancies School internship Information for parents & teachers Application tips Information and help Ordering and infoDelivery and shippingDelivery services and shipping methodsShipping costs and delivery timeAvailabilityDelivery statusGuarantee and revocationTechnical information REIFF Shipping costs Of course, shipping of tires, rims and complete wheels to our branches is free of charge. After the goods have arrived at the branch of your choice, you will be informed by the branch and you can pick up the goods there. Would you like to have the tires, rims or complete wheels assembled directly in the branch? Then you can make an appointment online for assembly at the REIFF branch. The products are packaged as follows: Tires: 2 pieces = 1 packet of rims: 2 pieces = 1 packet of complete wheels: 1 piece = 1 packet of REIFF locations Find REIFF locations near you! REIFF Newsletter Useful tips for drivers and current offers free of charge by email! »Click and subscribe to the REIFF newsletter Tire rims / complete wheels Online appointment booking Auto service Services Business customers Terms and Conditions Privacy policy Cookie settings Imprint Shipping costs Payment options Dispute resolution Company REIFF Locations Awards Jobs & careers Contact News at REIFF Facebook