EU tire label | REIFF tires and car technology Note: Javascript does not work / does not work properly The simple and convenient handling of the Reiff tire online shop requires Javascript. Click here for more information on installing / activating Java Script. This website uses cookies to enable certain functions and to improve the offer. By continuing here you agree to the use of cookies. >> More information ✖ Monday-Friday: 07121 / 915-9999 Make an appointment now online Search 0 product (s) in the shopping cart Product added Product was added to the shopping cart 1x Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Please select the company where you have this item assembled want: ok cancel ok Please select the vehicle for which the selected service is to be performed: Why do you need wheel alignment? Car pulls to the left Car pulls to the right Tires worn on one side New chassis e.g. Lowering new component e.g. Tie rod vehicle had an accident Note: For special models / engines, other prices may apply in exceptional cases! cancel ok online shop tire service car service business customers tires, wheels and rims submenu_reifen-raeder-und-relgen branches submenu_niederlassung services & services submenu_ achievements-services actions & news submenu_actions-news tire knowledge submenu_ tires-knowledge company submenu_companies jobs & career submenu_jobs-career tire service »tires Knowledge »Tire Know-How» EU Tire Label Tire Manufacturer Continental Dunlop Falken Gislaved Goodyear Hankook Pirelli Tires Car Tires Van and Light Truck Tires Offroad and SUV Tires Commercial Vehicle Tires Motorcycle Tires Wheels / Rims Complete Wheels Wheel Advice Steel Rims Alloy Wheels Alloy Wheels Care Tips Rim Configurator Wheels Repair Tire Repair Site Tire Repair Site Tire Repair Service promise REIFF offer REIFF service mobility services appointment service car service financing services wheel alignment AIRSTOPP balancing wheel storage tire pressure control system promotions Bridgestone Test Our Best Dunlop Lucky Tire Fire Falcon Says Tanke! Goodyear Reach New Peaks Hankook exchange bonus Michelin Miles & More customers recruit customers Twen discountNews Current events Events Newsletter Give customers feedback Feedback Tires Know-how Tire encyclopedia EU tire label Tire safety Winter tire obligation Alpine symbol tire tests Summer tire tests Winter tire tests Motorbike tire tests SUV / off-road tire tests About REIFF REIFF locations REIFF Sustainability Certificates / AwardsContact customer center Make an appointmentPress & Media Relations Job exchange Unsolicited application WhatsApp ServiceTraining Vacancies School internship Information for parents & teachers Application tips EU tire label Information about the EU tire label The new tire label has been valid across Europe since 1.11.2012. We have put together the most important information for you to know: The EU tire label In order to reduce fuel consumption and increase road safety, the European Union has decided to require new tires to be labeled from November 1st, 2012 - the EU tire label. The label is primarily intended to make it easier for end consumers to assess their tires. The optimization of wet grip and rolling resistance are opposite: Tire with optimal wet grip (braking distance) cannot have an above-average rolling resistance (fuel consumption) at the same time. The assessment is made in three categories: Rolling resistance (fuel consumption) The reduction in rolling resistance saves fuel and thus CO2. The rating is given in classes from A (green) to G (red), whereby D is not used. An improvement by one class means a saving of approx. 0.1 liters of fuel per 100 km. Wet grip (safety) Crucial for safety when driving is, among other things, the wet grip of the tires. Here the performance is divided into classes A to G, whereby D and G are not taken. The braking distance difference from one class to the next is between one and two vehicle lengths (3 - 6 m) on a wet road at an initial speed of 80 km / h. Overall, the braking distance difference is e.g. between class A and F over 18 meters. Noise (noise emission) The noise emission of the tires affects the overall volume of the vehicle and affects not only the comfort while driving, but also the noise pollution of the environment. The more black bars, the louder the tire. Which tire is the right one for your car , but of course also depends on the type of car and the driving behavior of each individual driver. We would be happy to advise you on the right tire for you. Here you can find more information about the EU tire label. Tire rims / complete wheels Online appointment booking Auto service Services Business customers Terms and Conditions Data protection Cookie settings Imprint Shipping costs Payment options Dispute resolution Company REIFF Locations Awards Jobs & careers Contact News at REIFF Facebook