Car service | REIFF tires and car technology Note: Javascript does not work / does not work properly The simple and convenient handling of the Reiff tire online shop requires Javascript. Click here for more information on installing / activating Java Script. This website uses cookies to enable certain functions and to improve the offer. By continuing here you agree to the use of cookies. >> More information ✖ Monday-Friday: 07121 / 915-9999 Make an appointment now online Search 0 product (s) in the shopping cart Product added Product was added to the shopping cart 1x Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Please select the company where you have this item assembled want: ok cancel ok Please select the vehicle for which the selected service is to be performed: Why do you need wheel alignment? Car pulls to the left Car pulls to the right Tires worn on one side New chassis e.g. Lowering new component e.g. Tie rod vehicle had an accident Note: For special models / engines, other prices may apply in exceptional cases! cancel ok online shop tire service car service business customers car service submenu_autoservice branches submenu_niederlassung service submenu_service actions & news submenu_angebote-news car knowledge submenu_auto-knowledge company submenu_unternehmen jobs & careers submenu_jobs-careers car service inspection & maintenance wheel alignment inspection main inspection & air conditioner repair & air conditioning repair service (HU) repair Cabin filter Oil change Battery Electrics Auto glass service Exhaust Bodywork & paintwork Brakes & brake fluid Soot particle filterTuning & accessories REIFF locationsREIFF service promiseREIFF offer REIFF mobility guaranteeFinancingHoling and delivery serviceSpare vehicle leasing campaigns Twen discount customers recruit customersCurrent news events newsletters customer feedbacksGiving car service changes Summer tires tread depth wheel storage air pressure oil windshield ischer headlight first aid kit Mobility guarantee About REIFF REIFF locations REIFF sustainability certificates / awardsContact customer center / online shop Contact the REIFF locationPress & Media Relations Job exchange Unsolicited application WhatsApp ServiceTraining Vacancies School internship Information for parents & teachers Application tips We can do more! Are you looking for a reliable workshop? Then you are exactly right with us! As a tire dealer you probably know us, but we can do much more: We offer you professional automotive master service for all brands, from inspections to the repair of wear parts such as brakes, shock absorbers, batteries and exhausts, to complete repairs in the body and And the best: everything at a previously agreed fixed price! Benefit from transparency, comprehensible services as well as reliable and professional service. As a master car workshop, we pay attention to details and, above all, make sure that all safety-relevant auto parts are in perfect condition. But maintaining the value of your vehicle and long-term security are also important to us, which is why you get many top-quality services from us: For example, you get a free REIFF advance check at the HU or a one-year mobility guarantee for inspection! get a full service of the extra class: We are your right contact for everything to do with your vehicle. Convince yourself and test our car service! Our auto service services at a glance: tire rims / complete wheels online appointment booking auto service services business customers terms and conditions data protection cookie settings imprint shipping costs payment options dispute resolution company REIFF locations awards jobs & careers contact news at REIFF Facebook