Apprenticeships | REIFF tires and car technology Note: Javascript does not work / does not work properly The simple and convenient handling of the Reiff tire online shop requires Javascript. Click here for more information on installing / activating Java Script. This website uses cookies to enable certain functions and to improve the offer. By continuing here you agree to the use of cookies. >> More information ✖ Monday-Friday: 07121 / 915-9999 Make an appointment now online Search 0 product (s) in the shopping cart Product added Product was added to the shopping cart 1x Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Please select the company where you have this item assembled want: ok cancel ok Please select the vehicle for which the selected service is to be performed: Why do you need wheel alignment? Car pulls to the left Car pulls to the right Tires worn on one side New chassis e.g. Lowering new component e.g. Tie rod vehicle had an accident Note: For special models / engines, other prices may apply in exceptional cases! cancel ok online shop tire service car service business customers tires, wheels and rims submenu_reifen-raeder-und-relgen branches submenu_niederlassung services & services submenu_ achievements-services actions & news submenu_actions-news tire knowledge submenu_ tires-knowledge company submenu_company jobs & careers submenu_jobs-career tire service »jobs & Career Tire Manufacturer Continental Dunlop Falken Gislaved Goodyear Hankook Pirelli Tires Car Tires Van and Light Truck Tires Offroad and SUV Tires Commercial Vehicle Tires Motorcycle Tires Wheels / Rims Complete Wheels Wheel Advice Steel Rims Aluminum Rims Aluminum Rims Care Tips Wheel Configurator Wheel Repair Wheel Repair Service Tire Pressure Control REIFF Service REAL TIRE Service Check REIFF Service REAL Appointment Service Car Service Financing Services Wheel Alignment AIRSTOPP Balancing Wheel Storage Tire Pressure Monitoring System Promotions Bridgestone Test Our Best Dunlop Lu cky Tire Fire Falcon says tanke! Goodyear Reach New Peaks Hankook exchange bonus Michelin Miles & More customers recruit customers Twen discountNews News Events Newsletters Give feedback Customer feedback Tires Know-How Tire encyclopedia EU tire label Tire safety Winter tire obligation Alpine symbol tire tests Summer tire tests Winter tire tests Motorbike tire tests SUV / off-road tire tests About REIFF REIFF locations REIFF Sustainability Certificates / AwardsContact customer center Make an appointmentPress & Media Relations Job exchange Unsolicited application WhatsApp ServiceTraining Vacant training positions School internship Information for parents & teachers Application tips Apprenticeships as a merchant in retail m / f Job description: Where there is something to buy, retailers are usually not far away. You sell goods, hold consultations, process complaints and are friendly and courteous to your customers. Training process: The branch office represents your main job. Here you will be mainly used for sales and customer advice. You also carry out inventory checks and are familiarized with checkout processing. In purchasing, you will get to know purchasing planning and processing, in the warehouse you will deal with the receipt of goods and the professional storage of goods. In advertising you will learn how to present the goods to promote sales and which advertising measures are used. in accounting you will record the costs and post invoices. Duration of training: 3 years, a reduction to 2 1/2 years is possible. The commercial vocational school at the respective location takes about 1-2 days a week. Prerequisites: Good intermediate maturity Service orientation Communication skills Flexibility Team skills Merchant in wholesale and foreign trade m / f, wholesale Job description: Merchants in wholesale and foreign trade buy goods all over the world and sell them on to trades and industry. They also ensure cost-effective warehousing, a smooth flow of goods and competent advice to customers. The range of tasks is therefore very diverse and varied. Training process: You go through many departments with us: In customer advice, you conduct consultation and sales talks with the customer, in purchasing you buy goods, in logistics you control the goods, store them and make them ready for dispatch. In HR, you deal with incoming applications, training and further education, and in accounting you get to know financial and business accounting and book invoices. Training duration: 3 years, a reduction to 2 1/2 years is possible, which includes: commercial vocational school at the respective location on 1-2 days per week. The rest of the time is devoted to practical training in the company. Prerequisites: Good secondary school leaving certificate, advanced technical college entrance qualification or Abitur communication skills Service orientation Flexibility Team skills Motor vehicle mechatronic engineer m / f, car technology Job description: You can't do everyday work in a workshop without technology. In addition to disassembly and assembly tools, modern computers and electronic test systems are your daily companions. Tasks: From the first working day you will work actively in the workshop and receive individual training on the car. We take care of brands of all kinds in over 30 free REIFF tires and auto repair shops. Therefore, there are new challenges every day. Your duties include the maintenance, testing and adjustment of motor vehicles and systems, as well as the assembly, disassembly and repair of motor vehicles. They examine motor vehicles according to road traffic regulations and diagnose errors, malfunctions and their causes. Assessing these results is just as much a part of your work as measuring and testing systems, equipping, converting and retrofitting motor vehicles with accessories and additional equipment, or starting up and operating specialist equipment. Duration of training: 3 1/2 years, starting with the one-year vocational school and then 1-2 days per week commercial school at the respective location. Prerequisites: A good secondary school leaving certificate or a medium level of ability to work in a team Interest in technology and mechanics Spatial imagination Vehicle painter m / f Job description: Vehicle painters bring color to the car, perfect surfaces and high-gloss paints are their world. Vehicle painters transform series models into distinctive one-offs. Training process: From the first working day, you will actively work in the workshop and receive individual training on the car. They coat vehicles and bodies of all kinds with paints and, if necessary, design them with lettering and motifs. They assess body and paint damage and prepare substrates for painting. Sanding and priming the paint is just as much a part of your job as applying paint coats with sprayers and guns. They seal voids and preserve surfaces with care products such as high-gloss polish and hard wax. They assemble and disassemble components and also mix colors and shades. Duration of training: 3 years, beginning with the one-year vocational school Place of work: A / B / S Autoservice in Stuttgart-Möhringen or on 1-2 days per week School for Color and Design Stuttgart. Prerequisites: Good secondary school leaving certificate or medium maturity due diligence Responsibility for concentration Bodywork and vehicle construction mechanic m / f, body maintenance techniques Occupational profile: Bodywork and vehicle construction mechanics manufacture and repair vehicle bodies and body parts and maintain them. Her special tasks also include custom-made vehicles such as armored cash transporters. Your area of ​​responsibility is diverse and interesting: you are responsible for the repair of the bodies. They manufacture and maintain bodies, body parts, assemblies and chassis and assess damage. They equip and convert bodies, plan work processes, adjust systems and carry out quality-checking measures. Training duration: 3 years, starting with the one-year vocational school. Then visit the Robert Bosch School Stuttgart 1-2 days a week. You spend the rest of the training at the location (A / B / S Autoservice in Stuttgart-Möhringen). Prerequisites: Good secondary school leaving certificate or medium-level maturity Team skills Learning ability Care Tire rims / complete wheels Online appointment booking Auto service Services Business customers Terms and Conditions Privacy policy Cookie settings Imprint Shipping costs Payment options Dispute resolution Company REIFF locations Awards Jobs & careers Contact News at REIFF Facebook