Customer Feedbacks | REIFF tires and car technology Note: Javascript does not work / does not work properly The simple and convenient handling of the Reiff tire online shop requires Javascript. Click here for more information on installing / activating Java Script. This website uses cookies to enable certain functions and to improve the offer. By continuing here you agree to the use of cookies. >> More information ✖ Monday-Friday: 07121 / 915-9999 Make an appointment now online Search 0 product (s) in the shopping cart Product added Product was added to the shopping cart 1x Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Please select the company where you have this item assembled want: ok cancel ok Please select the vehicle for which the selected service is to be performed: Why do you need wheel alignment? Car pulls to the left Car pulls to the right Tires worn on one side New chassis e.g. Lowering new component e.g. Tie rod vehicle had an accident Note: For special models / engines, other prices may apply in exceptional cases! cancel ok online shop tire service car service business customers tires, wheels and rims submenu_reifen-raeder-und-relgen branches submenu_niederlassung services & services submenu_ achievements-services actions & news submenu_ Actions-news tire knowledge submenu_ tires-knowledge company submenu_companies jobs & careers submenu_jobs-career tire service »actions & News »Latest news» Customer feedbacks Tire manufacturer Continental Dunlop Falken Gislaved Goodyear Hankook PirelliTires Car tires Van and light truck tires Off-road and SUV tires Commercial vehicle tires Motorbike tiresWheels / rims Complete wheels Wheel advice Steel rims Aluminum rims Aluminum rims Care tips Rim configurator Rim repair Wheel rims repair REALIFICATION REALIFICATION Tire offer REIFF Service Mobility Services Appointment Service Car Service Financing Services Wheel Alignment AIRSTOPP Balancing Wheel Storage Tire Pressure Monitoring System Actions Br idgestone Test Our Best Dunlop Lucky Tire Fire Falcon says tanke! Goodyear Reach New Peaks Hankook exchange bonus Michelin Miles & More customers recruit customers Twen discountNews News Events Newsletters Give feedback Customer feedback Tires Know-How Tire encyclopedia EU tire label Tire safety Winter tire obligation Alpine symbol tire tests Summer tire tests Winter tire tests Motorbike tire tests SUV / off-road tire tests About REIFF REIFF locations REIFF Sustainability Certificates / AwardsContact Customer Center Make an appointmentPress & Media Relations Job exchange Unsolicited application WhatsApp ServiceTraining Vacant training positions School internship Information for parents & teachers Application tips Reutlingen9. May 2018 "Appointment very punctual as agreed online. No waiting time despite many customers!" Alois T. Esslingen8. May 2018 2018 "Friendly, funny, authentic, competent. All around great!" Stefan K. Weingarten5. May 2018 "As usual, I was greeted warmly and treated warmly and courteously. I felt like" among friends "!" N. Mössingen3. May 2018 "Have been going to this branch for more than 20 years and everyone is always courteous, helpful and does their job excellently!" Carola Sch. Metzingen3. May 2018 "Very friendly and committed employees who are on hand with advice and action and do their best that the customer is satisfied. I keep coming back. My workshop of trust!" Katharina Z. Ditzingen2. May 2018 "Very friendly staff - at the reception and at the checkout. The service time was adhered to almost to the minute. I will definitely recommend the location." Jochen H. Constance 30. April 2018 "Very friendly and well organized team - the communication was very good and I was given competent and professional advice!" Ulrich B. Tübingen 29. April 2018 "I'm thrilled to be using your car service in the future too!" Ulrike S. Metzingen28. April 2018 "I thought it was great that the technicians, in addition to changing the tires, also looked for abnormalities or other defects in the vehicle and then informed me if something was wrong. Thanks for that." Reinhard J. Mannheim28. April 2018 "Very friendly welcome and service, it takes a short time to change the wheels. Top workshop." Thomas Sch. Weinheim27. April 2018 "Perfect time management, friendly staff, it couldn't be better!" Rainer V. Mannheim 27. April 2018 "I am 82 years old and was advised very understandingly and without time pressure. I have been coming to you for many years and I am glad that you are close to me." Christa H. Esslingen 26. April 2018 "Again and again everything works smoothly and the price-performance ratio is impeccable. Thank you for this perfect service!" Silvio M. Weinheim24. April 2018 "Always nice to be here. Everyone is in a good mood and the team brings so much good mood into the waiting room. Everything combines with great expertise and everyone helps! Respect, keep it up!" Heinrich L. Mössingen 25. April 2018 "The breakdown was repaired immediately on the day of the report. Great performance. You can rely on the Mössinger team." Michael W. Crailsheim24. April 2018 "Perfect team, very attentive, very friendly, good cooperation as well as reliable adherence to deadlines and the tires were super assembled." Ulrich T. Herrenberg24. April 2018 "Short-term appointment, quick wheel change, always happy!" S. Metzingen24. April 2018 "Very friendly, competent advice. Meeting deadlines and short waiting times." Hubert E. Hechingen21. April 2018 "Friendly, fast, competent, flexible, reliable, inexpensive - branded workshops that generate larger sales could cut off a slice of it!" Jürgen M. Kirchheim20. April 2018 "Punctuality (after lunch break), service and dealing with the customer were perfect. Particularly impressive: Individual information about the vehicle." Hans-Ulrich H. Constance 18. April 2018 "Thank you for the very good service all round!" Judith B. Esslingen17. April 2018 "Super fast and friendly! A reliable partner for years." Joachim H. Reutlingen17. April 2018 "Everything so far. In the times of Hueske and Müller, the executive vehicle for tire assembly was picked up and brought back. Great!" Rolf R. Ditzingen17. April 2018 "Excellent service, very nice, courteous employees - especially the lady at the counter, very good. Everything is quick and easy. I've been a customer with you for over 10 years. Keep it up!" Sibylle C. Möhringen 16. April 2018 "The team with the boys there is friendly, humorous, advisory and solution-oriented. People like to go there. Keep it up!" Automobile Weigand Bad Dürrheim13. April 2018 "Despite many work orders, the employees were all very friendly. Kudos!" B. Metzingen 13. April 2018 "bring - go - have it done - pick it up. Completely uncomplicated for years - great! Keep it up!" S. Metzingen8. April 2018 "As always, the service was outstanding and super friendly. That's exactly what I expect! Thank you very much and keep it up!" Sven S. Sindelfingen8. April 2018 "The online appointment really works great !!!" Steffen A. Haßloch6. April 2018 "Find the service with the online appointment registration really great !!!" Günther W. Pforzheim6. April 2018 "Friendliness in service, reliability of making appointments, overall I was very satisfied." Johanna F. Ditzingen6. April 2018 "The great service that has existed for many years!" Ekkehard F. Constance 5. April 2018 "On-time delivery and punctuality!" Karl-Heinz G. Crailsheim5. April 2018 "Short-term appointments also possible in season weddings." Schroth GmbH Sindelfingen5. April 2018 "The best workshop I know. Mr. Zöberer is absolutely great!" Mark H. Möhringen5. April 2018 "The employees made an exceptional effort and quickly helped me with my flat tire despite the rare size of the tire. I was able to continue my journey after an hour." Andreas M. Ludwigsburg5. April 2018 "Very competent master, who took a lot of time to explain everything to me. The spare part was ordered, delivered and installed on the same day, so I didn't need to make another appointment!" Mareike M. Waiblingen4. April 2018 "Friendly reception, direct reference to coffee bar, punctual service, free check oil, etc. Pleasant atmosphere with waiting room. Cleanliness and orderly." Wilfried R. Degerloch4. April 2018 "When it comes to my car, only the Reiff comes into question for me. Both in the car and in the tire service, I always felt in good hands in Stuttgart-Degerloch. Thank you to the team!" Elena S. Waiblingen4. April 2018 "As always, I was served very well. Coffee was offered to me and there is always something to laugh about in Waiblingen ... very funny and friendly team. Always very, very happy." Veronika S. Waiblingen4. April 2018 "Very quick service. Clean work. Nice staff." Timo S. Weingarten4. April 2018 "In particular, I always notice Ms. Speth's competence and willingness to service. We feel that we are perfectly looked after with our vehicles." Constantin P. Ludwigsburg3. April 2018 "In addition to changing the wheels, a short spring check was also carried out. Highly recommended!" Daniel P. Ehingen1. April 2018 "Friendly and competent even on weekends and with fewer staff on site (due to holidays)!" Michelle G. Weingarten31. March 2018 "The employees are always very friendly. You feel right at home as a customer and my request is accepted. Here you are welcome to be seen and treated as such. Keep it up." Ulrich H. Tire Rims / Complete Bikes Online Appointments Auto Service Services Business Customers Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Imprint Shipping Costs Payment Options Dispute Resolution Company REIFF Locations Awards Jobs & Careers Contact News at REIFF Facebook