Falcons | REIFF tires and car technology Note: Javascript does not work / does not work properly The simple and convenient handling of the Reiff tire online shop requires Javascript. Click here for more information on installing / activating Java Script. This website uses cookies to enable certain functions and to improve the offer. By continuing here you agree to the use of cookies. >> More information ✖ Monday-Friday: 07121 / 915-9999 Make an appointment now online Search 0 product (s) in the shopping cart Product added Product was added to the shopping cart 1x Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Please select the company where you have this item assembled want: ok cancel ok Please select the vehicle for which the selected service is to be performed: Why do you need wheel alignment? Car pulls to the left Car pulls to the right Tires worn on one side New chassis e.g. Lowering new component e.g. Tie rod vehicle had an accident Note: For special models / engines, other prices may apply in exceptional cases! cancel ok online shop tire service car service business customers tires, wheels and rims submenu_reifen-raeder-und-relgen branches submenu_niederlassung services & services submenu_ achievements-services actions & news submenu_actions-news tire knowledge submenu_ tires-knowledge company submenu_companies jobs & career submenu_jobs-career tire service »tires, Wheels and rims »Tire manufacturer Tire manufacturer Continental Dunlop Falken Gislaved Goodyear Hankook PirelliTires Car tires Van and light truck tires Off-road and SUV tires Commercial vehicle tires Motorbike tiresWheels / rims Complete wheels Wheel advice Steel rims Aluminum rims Aluminum rims Care tips Rim configurator Rim repair Wheel rims REPAIR REALIFICATION REPAIR TIRE PRICE REALIFICATION Tire pressure REIF tire service Service Mobility Services Appointment Service Car Service Financing Services Wheel Alignment AIRSTOPP Balancing Wheel Storage Tire Pressure Monitoring System Promotions Bridg estone test our best dunlop lucky tire fire falcon says tanke! Goodyear Reach New Peaks Hankook exchange bonus Michelin Miles & More customers recruit customers Twen discountNews Current events Events Newsletter Give customers feedback Feedback Tires Know-how Tire encyclopedia EU tire label Tire safety Winter tire obligation Alpine symbol tire tests Summer tire tests Winter tire tests Motorbike tire tests SUV / off-road tire tests About REIFF REIFF locations REIFF Sustainability Certificates / AwardsContact customer center Make an appointmentPress & Media Relations Job exchange Unsolicited application WhatsApp ServiceTraining Vacancies School internship Information for parents & teachers Application tips Falken tires We offer you a large selection of Falken tires Sporty on the road with Falken tires. Buy the right Falken tires for your vehicle directly from one of our 32 branches or order the tires easily and conveniently via our online shop. Facts about Falken: sixth largest tire manufacturer worldwide Falken Tire Europe GmbH was founded in Offenbach am Main in 2008 5 new Falken profiles were introduced in 2012 Falken is 3rd at the Nürnburgring 24h Race 2015 Why Falken? Falken tires have only been on the European market for a little more than 25 years - and yet you have already successfully established yourself in the high-performance tire sector. The basis for this success is our own claim: only the highest quality is good enough for the customer. That is why Falken tires are produced in factories that have ISO certification in the areas of production and environmental management. The toughest test track in the world is the Nürburgring Nordschleife - and this is where Falken tires are tested. Falken has been involved in motorsport since the end of the 1990s, especially in endurance racing and in the 24-hour race at the Nürburgring. Falken has had a partnership with Porsche since 2011. The insights gained from racing flow directly into tire development in order to be able to produce the best high-performance tires in this way. Stop by one of our 32 branches or simply order the tires from our online shop. Our top sellers: Falken Azenis FK510 XL MFS from 106.03 EUR / piece (incl. VAT, assembly) Find your size Falken Azenis FK453 from 151.49 EUR / piece (incl. VAT, assembly) Find your size Falken ZIEX ZE914 ECORUN from 108.29 EUR / piece (incl. VAT, assembly) find your size Falken ZIEX ZE914 Ecorun RFT MFS from 112.10 EUR / piece (incl. VAT, assembly) find your size Our Falken tire profiles: tire rims / Complete Bikes Online Appointments Auto Service Services Business Customers Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Imprint Shipping Costs Payment Options Dispute Resolution Company REIFF Locations Awards Jobs & Careers Contact News at REIFF Facebook