Michelin Miles & More | REIFF tires and car technology Note: Javascript does not work / does not work properly The simple and convenient handling of the Reiff tire online shop requires Javascript. Click here for more information on installing / activating Java Script. This website uses cookies to enable certain functions and to improve the offer. By continuing here you agree to the use of cookies. >> More information ✖ Monday-Friday: 07121 / 915-9999 Make an appointment now online Search 0 product (s) in the shopping cart Product added Product was added to the shopping cart 1x Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Please select the company where you have this item assembled want: ok cancel ok Please select the vehicle for which the selected service is to be performed: Why do you need wheel alignment? Car pulls to the left Car pulls to the right Tires worn on one side New chassis e.g. Lowering new component e.g. Tie rod vehicle had an accident Note: For special models / engines, other prices may apply in exceptional cases! cancel ok online shop tire service car service business customers tires, wheels and rims submenu_reifen-raeder-und-relgen branches submenu_niederlassung services & services submenu_ achievements-services actions & news submenu_ Actions-news tire knowledge submenu_ tires-knowledge company submenu_companies jobs & careers submenu_jobs-career tire service »actions & News »Special offers» Michelin special tire manufacturer Continental Dunlop Falken Gislaved Goodyear Hankook Pirelli tires car tires van and light truck tires off-road and SUV tires commercial vehicle tires motorcycle tires wheels / rims complete wheels wheel advice steel rims aluminum rims aluminum rims care tips rim configurator rim repair wheel rims repair REIFE tire information REIFF Service Mobility Services Appointment Service Car Service Financing Services Wheel Alignment AIRSTOPP Balancing Wheel Storage Tire Pressure Monitoring System Actions Brid gestone Test Our Best Dunlop Lucky Tire Fire Falcon says fuel! Goodyear Reach New Peaks Hankook exchange bonus Michelin Miles & More customers recruit customers Twen discountNews News Events Newsletters Give feedback Customer feedback Tires Know-How Tire encyclopedia EU tire label Tire safety Winter tire obligation Alpine symbol tire tests Summer tire tests Winter tire tests Motorbike tire tests SUV / off-road tire tests About REIFF REIFF locations REIFF Sustainability Certificates / AwardsContact Customer Center Make an appointmentPress & Media Relations Job exchange Unsolicited application WhatsApp ServiceTraining Vacancies School internship Information for parents & teachers Application tips Buy Michelin and collect extra miles With the purchase of cars, 4x4, SUV, van tires from Michelin on REIFENDISCOUNT.DE you benefit twice over : Buy premium tires and collect award miles. From September 1 to November 30, 2019, you will receive up to 8x award miles when you purchase a Michelin tire. The number of miles depends on the size of the tires in the following staggering: Tires up to and including 15 inches: 1 mile per euro Tires of sizes 16 and 17 inches: 4 miles per euro Tires of sizes 18 inches and larger: 8 miles per euro Participation is child's play: Buy a car, 4x4, SUV, van - Michelin tires on REIFENDISCOUNT.DE and keep the invoice. Download the Miles & More app, register in 2 minutes and register with the service card number. Upload and send a photo of the invoice document (the name of the recipient of the invoice must match the name of the Miles & More member) The miles will be credited within 6 weeks Nothing like going to the REIFF branch near you. We offer you excellent tire and car service! We look forward to you! Further information and the conditions of participation can be found at: https://www.miles-and-more.com/ Tire rims / complete wheels Online appointment booking Auto service Services Business customers Terms and Conditions Privacy policy Cookie settings Imprint Shipping costs Payment options Dispute resolution Company REIFF locations Awards Jobs & careers Contact News at REIFF Facebook