Terms and Conditions Premium Online Shop | REIFF tires and car technology Note: Javascript does not work / does not work properly The simple and convenient handling of the Reiff tire online shop requires Javascript. Click here for more information on installing / activating Java Script. This website uses cookies to enable certain functions and to improve the offer. By continuing here you agree to the use of cookies. >> More information ✖ Monday-Friday: 07121 / 915-9999 Make an appointment now online Search 0 product (s) in the shopping cart Product added Product was added to the shopping cart 1x Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Please select the company where you have this item assembled want: ok cancel ok Please select the vehicle for which the selected service is to be performed: Why do you need wheel alignment? Car pulls to the left Car pulls to the right Tires worn on one side New chassis e.g. Lowering new component e.g. Tie rod vehicle had an accident Note: For special models / engines, other prices may apply in exceptional cases! cancel ok online shop tire service car service business customers offers submenu_offers tires and rims submenu_tyres-and-rims service submenu_service info and help submenu_infos-and-help about REIFF submenu_ueber-reiff login submenu_login jobs & careers submenu_jobs-career online shop »about REIFF» legal. Info »Terms and Conditions Premium campaignsTire offers Car tires Motorbike tires Van tires / light truck Search tires and rims Car tires Offroad / SUV tires Van tires / Light truck motorcycle tires Complete wheels RimsTire profiles Overview Cars Summer tires Cars Winter tires Cars All-weather tires Off-road tires SUV tires Light truck tires Van tires Moped tires Motorbike tires Scooter tire assembly service Service Assembly service Appointment service Payment options REIFF locations Car service REIFF Services REIFF Service Services Auto knowledge EU tire label No EU label Order and info Order process Complete prices Correct tire size Notes for tire dimensions Availability Payment methods Collection Appointment agreement Wheels configuratorDelivery and shipping Delivery services and shipping methods Shipping costs and delivery time Availability Delivery status Guarantee and cancellation return Guarantee / Warranty Right of withdrawal ContactTechnical information Browser settings Change browser settings Warenko rb Cookies Cookies and Firewall Technical Details Technical Contact Privacy Policy The Company News & Archives Facts and Figures Philosophy REIFF Sustainability Certificates / Awards REIFF at FacebookContact Customer Center REIFF Locations Make an appointment & Teachers Application Tips About REIFF The CompanyContactNewsletter General General terms and conditions for electronic business transactions Here you will find information on the delivery and shipping terms and conditions of payment Table of contents: 1. Applicability of the general terms and conditions 2. Conclusion of contract, ordering process, delivery 3. Prices 4. Terms of payment 5. Retention of title 6. Warranty claims (warranty) 7. Liability 8 Certification 9. General regulations 10. Provider identification 1. Validity of the general terms and conditions The following general terms and conditions are addressed to our customers, who are consumers in the sense of § 13 BGB. A consumer is any natural person who concludes a legal transaction for a purpose that cannot be assigned to their commercial or independent professional activity. These general terms and conditions apply to all current and future orders by our customers via the REIFF tire shop. Deviating, conflicting or supplementary terms and conditions do not become part of the contract, even if they are known, unless their validity is expressly approved in writing. The negotiation language is German. . 2. Conclusion of contract, ordering process, delivery Orders and deliveries are only possible within Germany and only to a branch of REIFF Reifen und Autotechnik GmbH. Our offers are subject to change. If offers are made for a limited period, we are no longer bound by them after this period. The purchase price includes the VAT. The customer does not incur any additional costs when ordering by using the long-distance communication means. Technical changes and changes in shape, color and / or weight are reserved within reason. By clicking the "Send order" button at the end of the ordering process, the customer submits a non-binding offer in relation to the purchase of the items contained in the shopping cart and implementation of the services at the total price indicated. After completing the order process, the customer will receive an order confirmation by email. This email contains the general terms and conditions and customer information as an attachment. The customer will be informed immediately about the unavailability of the service by telephone or email. The purchase contract and service contract only come into being if the customer in the branch of REIFF Reifen und Autotechnik GmbH he chooses chooses his previously non-binding offer with regard to the goods and services ordered through a corresponding legally binding offer based on the total price of the online shop order has been expelled, this offer is accepted by one of our employees in the branch. The customer can correct input errors using the keyboard and mouse in the input fields until he clicks on the confirmation button that concludes the order dialog. Your orders will be stored with us after the contract is concluded. If you lose your documents, please contact us by email / fax / telephone. We would be happy to send you a copy of your order details. 3. Prices The prices at the time of the order apply. All prices include VAT. 4. Terms of payment The customer can choose between the following four payment methods at REIFF Reifen und Autotechnik branches: Cash payment EC card payment (Maestro) Credit card (Visa, Master) Loan purchase (by bank transfer or direct debit) Financing purchase The purchase price is due upon collection by the Customers or assembly in the REIFF Reifen und Autotechnik GmbH branch. We are not obliged to accept checks or bills of exchange; if we take them in, it’s only for fulfillment. In the event of late payment, we are entitled to charge interest at a rate of 5% above the applicable base rate. We can set dunning costs per reminder at € 5.00. 5. Retention of title We reserve ownership of the goods delivered by us until full payment. The customer is required to handle the product with care. The customer is obliged to notify us immediately of third-party access to the goods, for example in the event of a seizure, as well as any damage or destruction of the goods. The customer must notify us immediately of a change of ownership of the goods as well as a change of residence. If our customer does not meet the agreed payment terms or other main performance obligations of this contract despite a reminder, we are entitled to take possession of the goods delivered by us, assembled or unassembled, at any time or to withdraw from the contract as a whole. Our customer expressly grants us the right to take over our reserved goods at any location, we are also entitled to dismantle. The respective owner of the goods is irrevocably authorized by the customer to return the goods to us. Our customer is only entitled to possess the goods sold under retention of title until we make use of our reserved property and thereby withdraw from the contract. If goods subject to retention of title are taken back, we issue a credit in the amount of the daily value less the costs that we incurred as a result of the return. 6. Warranty claims (warranty) All goods from our shop have legal warranty rights. The warranty period is two years from delivery of the goods. The warranty period for used items is one year from delivery of the goods. This does not apply if the customer has not notified us of the defect in good time. The limitation to one year does not apply to claims for damages according to § 437 No. 3 of the German Civil Code (BGB), if we act with intent or gross negligence, as well as in the case of physical and health damage attributable to us or if the customer's life is lost. In this case, the statutory deadlines apply. A tire for which liability for material defects is claimed should be sent to us together with the completed complaint form in order to enable us to check the customer's complaint. If the claim for material defects is rejected, we will send the rejected tire back to the customer at our expense if he requests this within 14 days of receipt of the rejection. The buyer initially has the choice of whether the supplementary performance should take the form of rectification or replacement delivery. However, we are entitled to refuse the type of supplementary performance chosen if it is only possible with disproportionate costs and the other type of supplementary performance remains without significant disadvantages for the buyer. If the supplementary performance fails, the customer can in principle choose between a reduction in the remuneration (reduction) or cancellation of the contract (withdrawal). In the event of a minor breach of contract, especially in the case of only minor defects, the customer has no right of withdrawal. Claims for material defects against us are excluded if defects, impairments or damage can be attributed to the fact that the goods delivered by us have been repaired or otherwise processed, the serial number, the manufacturing mark or any other mark permanently attached to the goods no longer exists or changed, in particular made unrecognizable, the prescribed air pressure for tires was demonstrably not adhered to, tires were subjected to improper use, in particular by exceeding the permissible load for the size and type of tire and the assigned driving speed, tires were damaged after assembly due to incorrect wheel position or performance was impaired by other malfunctions in the wheel arch (e.g. dynamic imbalance) earth, tires have become damaged due to external influences or mechanical damage, or have been exposed to heating, the wheel nuts or screws have not been retightened after 50 km when changing a wheel, provided we have advised our customers of this need on delivery, tires before installation from Customers or third parties commissioned by him have been stored outdoors, there is natural wear and tear or damage to the goods that can be attributed to improper handling or an accident, tires for tube-type versions with used tubes / bead strips, for tubeless versions without valve replacement (car Tires) or without a new sealing ring (truck / shoulder tires) by the customer or a third party. If the customer receives defective assembly instructions, we are only obliged to deliver faultless assembly instructions and only if the deficiency in the assembly instructions prevents proper assembly. The customer does not receive any guarantees in the legal sense from us. Manufacturer guarantees remain unaffected. 7. Liability We have unlimited liability for personal injury. The same applies to other damage that the customer has suffered as a result of a breach of duty that we committed willfully or through gross negligence. We are also liable for damage typical to the contract that the customer has suffered as a result of a material breach of contract by us if we are only responsible for slight negligence. Our liability for slight negligence is excluded. An essential contractual obligation in the aforementioned sense is one whose fulfillment enables the proper execution of the contract in the first place and on the observance of which the contractual partner can regularly trust and trust. According to the Product Liability Act and in the case of guarantee declarations, we are liable within the framework of the statutory provisions. Claims for damages by the customer due to a defect become statute-barred one year after delivery of the goods. This does not apply if we are guilty of gross negligence, as well as in the case of physical and health damage attributable to us or if the customer's life is lost. 8. Certification Our shop www.reiff-reifen.de carries the EHI certified online shop seal of approval. In order to receive this seal, we are regularly checked by the EHI Retail Institute GmbH for compliance with the criteria of the EHI Code of Conduct. You can view the code of conduct at this link: https://ehi-siegel.de/consumer/shops-mit-siegel/zertierter-shops/zertifikat/. You can use the complaints procedure of the EHI Certified Online Shop by clicking on the seal of approval in our shop. The test certificate appears with the complaint button. 9. General regulations From February 15, 2016, the EU Commission will provide a platform for out-of-court dispute resolution. This gives consumers the opportunity to resolve disputes in connection with your online order without the involvement of a court. The dispute settlement platform can be reached at the external link http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/. We are neither obliged nor willing to participate in a dispute settlement procedure before a consumer arbitration board. 10. Provider identification REIFF Reifen und Autotechnik GmbH Tübinger Straße. 2-6 D-72762 Reutlingen Tel: +49 7121 323-0 Fax: + 49 7121 323 346 Email: kunde@reiff-reifen.de Managing Directors: Claudio Passerini (Chairman), Marco Premoli, Francesco Saccani Register Court Stuttgart HRB 353 446 VAT identification number : DE 812719895 FA Reutlingen Status: July 2018 General Terms and Conditions for Electronic Business from REIFF Tire Shop (pdf format) REIFF Locations Find REIFF locations near you! REIFF Newsletter Useful tips for drivers and current offers free of charge by email! »Click and subscribe to the REIFF newsletter News from REIFF Tire Rims / Complete Bikes Online appointment booking Car service Services Business customers Terms and Conditions Data protection Cookie settings Imprint Shipping costs Payment options Dispute resolution Company REIFF Locations Awards Jobs & careers Contact News from REIFF Facebook