Imprint | REIFF tires and car technology Note: Javascript does not work / does not work properly The simple and convenient handling of the Reiff tire online shop requires Javascript. Click here for more information on installing / activating Java Script. This website uses cookies to enable certain functions and to improve the offer. By continuing here you agree to the use of cookies. >> More information ✖ Monday-Friday: 07121 / 915-9999 Make an appointment now online Search 0 product (s) in the shopping cart Product added Product was added to the shopping cart 1x Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Please select the company where you have this item assembled want: ok cancel ok Please select the vehicle for which the selected service is to be performed: Why do you need wheel alignment? Car pulls to the left Car pulls to the right Tires worn on one side New chassis e.g. Lowering new component e.g. Tie rod vehicle had an accident Note: For special models / engines, other prices may apply in exceptional cases! cancel ok online shop tire service car service business customers offers submenu_offers tires and rims submenu_tyres-and-rims service submenu_service info and help submenu_infos-and-help about REIFF submenu_ueber-reiff login submenu_login jobs & careers submenu_jobs-career online shop »about REIFF» legal. Info »Imprint Premium campaignsTire offers Car tires Motorbike tires Van tires / light truck Search tires and rims Car tires Offroad / SUV tires Van tires / Light truck motorcycle tires Complete wheels RimsTire profiles Overview Cars Summer tires Cars Winter tires Cars All-weather tires Off-road tires SUV tires Light truck tires Van tires Moped tires Motorbike tires Scooter tire assembly service Service Assembly service Appointment service Payment options REIFF locations Car service REIFF Services REIFF Service Services Auto knowledge EU tire label No EU label Order and info Order process Complete prices Correct tire size Notes for tire dimensions Availability Payment methods Collection Appointment agreement Wheels configuratorDelivery and shipping Delivery services and shipping methods Shipping costs and delivery time Availability Delivery status Guarantee and cancellation return Guarantee / warranty Right of withdrawal ContactTechnical information Browser settings Change browser settings W Shopping cart Cookies Cookies and firewall Technical details Technical contact Data protection notice The company News & archive Facts and figures Philosophy REIFF Sustainability Certificates / Awards REIFF on FacebookContact customer center REIFF Locations Make an appointment Application Tips About REIFF The Company Chairman), Marco Premoli, Francesco Saccani Contact: Telephone: +49 7121 915-9999 Fax: + 49 7121 915-8017 Email: kunde@reiff-reifen.de Reg ister entry: Entry in the commercial register. Register court: Stuttgart Register number: HRB 353 446 Sales tax: Sales tax identification number according to §27 a sales tax law: DE 812719895 FA Reutlingen Dispute Settlement The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (OS): https://ec.europa.eu/consumers /odr.Our email address can be found in the imprint above. We are not willing or obliged to participate in dispute resolution proceedings before a consumer arbitration board. Liability for content As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages in accordance with general laws in accordance with Section 7 (1) TMG. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, we as a service provider are not obliged to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the time we become aware of a specific legal violation. As soon as we become aware of such violations, we will remove this content immediately. Liability for links Our offer contains links to external third-party websites, the content of which we have no influence over. For this reason, we cannot accept any liability for this external content. The respective provider or operator is always responsible for the content of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time the link was created. No illegal content was discernible at the time the link was created. A permanent control of the content of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of an infringement. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately. Copyright The content and works on these pages created by the site operator are subject to German copyright law. The duplication, processing, distribution and any kind of use outside the limits of copyright law require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of this page are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. As far as the content on this page was not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are respected. In particular contents of third parties are marked as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, please let us know. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such content immediately. Warranty The information is provided by REIFF Reifen und Autotechnik GmbH without any assurance or guarantee of any kind, be it express or implied. Also excluded are all implied warranties regarding the marketability, the suitability for certain purposes or the non-violation of laws and patents. Even if we assume that the information given by us is correct, it can still contain errors or inaccuracies. Forward-looking statements Some websites contain forward-looking statements that are based on the beliefs of the management of REIFF Reifen und Autotechnik GmbH. The use of words such as "expect", "estimate", "calculate", "intend" and "plan" on this website is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the point of view of REIFF Reifen und Autotechnik GmbH with regard to future events at the time they were made and are subject to risks and uncertainties. REIFF Reifen und Autotechnik GmbH rejects any intention or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. REIFF Reifen und Autotechnik GmbH would like to offer you an innovative and informative website. However, we ask for your understanding that REIFF Reifen und Autotechnik GmbH must protect its intellectual property, including patents, trademarks and copyrights, and that this website cannot grant any license rights to the intellectual property of REIFF Reifen und Autotechnik GmbH. REIFF locations Find REIFF locations near you! News from REIFF Tire Rims / Complete Bikes Online appointment booking Auto service Services Business customers Terms and Conditions Data protection Cookie settings Imprint Shipping costs Payment options Dispute resolution Company REIFF Locations Awards Jobs & careers Contact News from REIFF Facebook