REIFF service promise | REIFF tires and car technology Note: Javascript does not work / does not work properly The simple and convenient handling of the Reiff tire online shop requires Javascript. Click here for more information on installing / activating Java Script. This website uses cookies to enable certain functions and to improve the offer. By continuing here you agree to the use of cookies. >> More information ✖ Monday-Friday: 07121 / 915-9999 Make an appointment now online Search 0 product (s) in the shopping cart Product added Product was added to the shopping cart 1x Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Please select the company where you have this item assembled want: ok cancel ok Please select the vehicle for which the selected service is to be performed: Why do you need wheel alignment? Car pulls to the left Car pulls to the right Tires worn on one side New chassis e.g. Lowering new component e.g. Tie rod vehicle had an accident Note: For special models / engines, other prices may apply in exceptional cases! cancel ok online shop tire service car service business customers tires, wheels and rims submenu_reifen-raeder-und-felgen branches submenu_niederlassung services & services submenu_ achievements-services actions & news submenu_angebote-news tire knowledge submenu_ tires-knowledge company submenu_companies jobs & careers submenu_jobs-career tire service »branches» REIFF service promise tire manufacturer Continental Dunlop Falken Gislaved Goodyear Hankook Pirelli tires car tires van and light truck tires off-road and SUV tires commercial vehicle tires motorcycle tireswheels / rims complete wheels wheel advice steel rims aluminum rims aluminum rims care tips rim configurator rim repair wheel rims repair REIFE service tire REIF tire service Mobility Services Appointment Service Car Service Financing Services Wheel Alignment AIRSTOPP Balancing Wheel Storage Tire Pressure Monitoring System Actions Bridge stone Test Our Best Dunlop Lucky Tire Fire Falcon says fuel! Goodyear Reach New Peaks Hankook exchange bonus Michelin Miles & More customers recruit customers Twen discountNews News Events Newsletters Give feedback Customer feedback Tires Know-How Tire encyclopedia EU tire label Tire safety Winter tire obligation Alpine symbol tire tests Summer tire tests Winter tire tests Motorbike tire tests SUV / off-road tire tests About REIFF REIFF locations REIFF Sustainability Certificates / AwardsContact Customer Center Make an appointmentPress & Media Relations Job exchange Unsolicited application WhatsApp ServiceTraining Vacant training positions School internship Information for parents & teachers Application tips REIFF service promise Your satisfaction is our claim! "Service moves" is our promise to you and our claim. We work every day to meet and exceed your requirements. You can rely on us 100% for the following services: competent and friendly advice professional services from our experts permanent further training of our employees REIFF is certified REIFF meets the quality standards that Michelin has developed for sales and services related to tires. For you as a customer, this means: At REIFF you can rely on professional tire service! THANK YOU for placing your trust in us. As in the past two years, we have again received the title "Workshop of Trust" for 2018. 31 locations took part in the competition and received the coveted “Workshop of Trust” award. REIFF is the workshop I trust! As a DEKRA partner company, you can conveniently have a statutory main inspection carried out by us. We carry out the necessary exhaust gas analysis (AU) with test evidence, the main inspection is carried out by an independent test engineer from DEKRA in one of our more than 30 REIFF branches. Tire rims / complete wheels Online appointment booking Auto service Services Business customers Terms and Conditions Data protection Cookie settings Imprint Shipping costs Payment options Dispute resolution Company REIFF Locations Awards Jobs & careers Contact News at REIFF Facebook