Data protection notice REIFF tires and car technology Note: Javascript does not work / does not work properly The simple and convenient handling of the Reiff tire online shop requires Javascript. Click here for more information on installing / activating Java Script. This website uses cookies to enable certain functions and to improve the offer. By continuing here you agree to the use of cookies. >> More information ✖ Monday-Friday: 07121 / 915-9999 Make an appointment now online Search 0 product (s) in the shopping cart Product added Product was added to the shopping cart 1x Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Please select the company where you have this item assembled want: ok cancel ok Please select the vehicle for which the selected service is to be performed: Why do you need wheel alignment? Car pulls to the left Car pulls to the right Tires worn on one side New chassis e.g. Lowering new component e.g. Tie rod vehicle had an accident Note: For special models / engines, other prices may apply in exceptional cases! cancel ok online shop tire service car service business customers offers submenu_offers tires and rims submenu_tyres-and-rims service submenu_service info and help submenu_infos-and-help about REIFF submenu_ueber-reiff login submenu_login jobs & careers submenu_jobs-career online shop »info and help» technical information »data protection notice Offers car tires motorcycle tires van tires / light truck search tires and rims car tires off-road / SUV tires van tires / light truck motorcycle tires complete wheels rims tire profiles overview cars summer tires cars winter tires cars all-weather tires off-road tires SUV tires light truck tires van tires moped tires motorcycle tires scooter tire assembly service service assembly service appointment service payment options REIFF Locations Car Service REIFF Services REIFF Service Services Auto Knowledge EU Tire Label No EU Label Order and Info Order History Complete Prices Correct Tire Size Note for Tire endimension availability payment methods pick up appointment wheel configurator delivery and shipping delivery services and shipping methods shipping costs and delivery time availability delivery status guarantee and cancellation return guarantee / warranty right of withdrawal contact technical information browser settings change browser settings shopping cart cookies cookies and firewall technical details technical contact data protection notice the company news & archive facts and figures philosophy REIFF sustainability Certificates / Awards REIFF on FacebookContact Customer Center REIFF Locations Make an appointmentNewsletter Login Business customers Business customers Online shopLogin Resellers Resellers Online shop Job exchange Unsolicited application WhatsApp ServiceTraining Free training positions School internship Information for parents and teachers Application tips Information and help Ordering and informationDelivery and shippingGuarantee and revocationTechnical information Change browser settings Shopping cart Cookies Cookies and firewall Technical details Technical ContactData protection notice Data protection notice 1. Data protection at a glance General information The following information provides a simple overview of what happens to your personal data when you visit our website. Personal data is all data with which you can be personally identified. You can find detailed information on the subject of data protection in our data protection declaration below this text. Data collection on our website Who is responsible for data collection on this website? The data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. You can find their contact details in the imprint of this website. How do we collect your data? On the one hand, your data is collected by you communicating it to us. This can e.g. These are data that you enter in a contact form or when the purchase contract is concluded (e.g. title, first name, last name, company name, street, house number, postcode, town, telephone, country, email address). Our IT systems automatically collect other data when you visit the website. This is primarily technical data (e.g. internet browser, operating system, cookie data [if not deactivated], internet service provider, page views or time of page visit). This data is recorded automatically as soon as you enter our website. We collect this data on the basis of our legitimate interests within the meaning of Article 6 Paragraph 1 f) GDPR. What do we use your data for? Part of the data is collected to ensure that the website is provided correctly. Other data can be used to analyze your user behavior. What rights do you have regarding your data? You have the right to receive information about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data at any time free of charge. You also have the right to request that this data be corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about data protection. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. Analysis tools and tools from third-party providers When you visit our website, your surfing behavior can be statistically evaluated. This happens primarily with cookies and with so-called analysis programs. Your surfing behavior is usually analyzed anonymously; the surfing behavior cannot be traced back to you. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. You can find detailed information on this in the following data protection declaration. You can object to this analysis. We will inform you about the possibilities of objection in this data protection declaration. 2. General information and mandatory information Data protection The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration. When you use this website, various personal data are collected. Personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. This data protection declaration explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this is done. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from third-party access. Note on the responsible body The responsible body for data processing on this website is: REIFF Reifen und Autotechnik GmbH Tübinger Str. 2-6 D-72762 Reutlingen Managing Directors: Claudio Passerini (Chairman), Marco Premoli, Francesco Saccani Phone: +49 7121 915- 9999 e-mail: kunde@reiff-reifen.de The responsible body is the natural or legal person who, alone or together with others, about the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names, e-mail addresses, etc.) ) decides. Revocation of your consent to data processing Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal email to us. The legality of the data processing carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. Right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority In the event of data protection violations, the person concerned has the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. The responsible supervisory authority for data protection issues is the state data protection officer of the federal state in which our company is based. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html. Right to data portability You have the right to have data that we process automatically based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract handed over to you or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you request the direct transfer of the data to another person responsible, this will only take place if it is technically feasible. SSL or TLS encryption For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or inquiries that you send to us as the site operator, this site uses SSL or. TLS encryption. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from “http: //” to “https: //” and by the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data that you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties. Encrypted payment transactions on this website If after entering into a fee-based contract there is an obligation to provide us with your payment details (e.g. account number with direct debit authorization), this data is required for payment processing. Payment transactions via the common means of payment (Visa / MasterCard, direct debit) are carried out exclusively via an encrypted SSL or TLS connection. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from "http: //" to "https: //" and by the lock symbol in your browser line. With encrypted communication, your payment data that you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties. Information, blocking, deletion You have the right to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, the right to correction, blocking or deletion of this data. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about personal data. Objection to advertising emails We hereby object to the use of contact data published within the scope of the imprint for sending unsolicited advertising and information material. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam e-mails. 3. Data protection officer Statutory data protection officer We have appointed a data protection officer for our company. Gerhard Strobel REIFF Management und Service GmbH E-Mail: datenschutz@reiff-reifen.de 4. Data collection on our website Cookies Some of the internet pages use so-called cookies. Cookies do no damage to your computer and contain no viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective and safer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted. Cookies that are required to carry out the electronic communication process or to provide certain functions you require (e.g. shopping cart function) are set on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR saved. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. Insofar as other cookies (e.g. cookies for analyzing your surfing behavior) are stored, these are dealt with separately in this data protection declaration. Server log files The website provider automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are: Browser type and browser version Operating system used Referrer URL Host name of the accessing computer Time of the server request IP address A combination of this data with other data sources is not carried out. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures. Contact form If you send us inquiries using the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the inquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. We will not pass on this data without your consent. The processing of the data entered in the contact form takes place exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR). You can withdraw this consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal email to us. The legality of the data processing operations carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. The data you enter in the contact form will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory legal provisions - especially retention periods - remain unaffected. Registration on this website You can register on our website to use additional functions on the site. We only use the data entered for the purpose of using the respective offer or service for which you have registered. The mandatory information requested during registration must be given in full. Otherwise we will reject the registration. For important changes, such as the scope of the offer or for technically necessary changes, we use the email address provided during registration to inform you in this way. The data entered during registration is processed on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 a GDPR). You can withdraw your consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal email to us. The legality of the data processing that has already taken place remains unaffected by the revocation. The data collected during registration will be stored by us as long as you are registered on our website and will then be deleted. Statutory retention periods remain unaffected. Processing of data (customer and contract data) We collect, process and use personal data only insofar as they are necessary for the establishment, content or change of the legal relationship (inventory data). This is done on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures. We only collect, process and use personal data on the use of our website (usage data) if this is necessary to enable or bill the user for the use of the service. The customer data collected will be deleted after the order has been completed or the business relationship has ended. Statutory retention periods remain unaffected. Data transmission when concluding a contract for online shops, dealers and goods dispatch We only transmit personal data to third parties if this is necessary in the context of contract execution, for example to the companies entrusted with the delivery of the goods or the credit institution commissioned with the payment processing. A further transmission of the data does not take place or only if you have expressly consented to the transmission. Your data will not be passed on to third parties without express consent, for example for advertising purposes. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures. As part of the shipping process, we transmit your data (name, address, possibly email address and / or mobile phone number, as well as other shipment-related data) to our shipping partner DPD Deutschland GmbH based on the EU General Data Protection Regulation Article 6 (1f) to prevent incorrect deliveries (i.e. the protection of postal secrecy) as well as the customer-friendly design of the time and place of delivery of the person concerned (recipient). You can object to the transmission of additional information such as e-mail or mobile phone number both with us (kunde@reiff-reifen.de) as well as with DPD (contradiction_predictnotification@dpd.de or with any package information via a link) at any time. As part of the shipping process, we transmit your data (name, address, possibly email address and / or mobile phone number, as well as other shipment-related data) to our shipping partner GLS Germany GmbH & Co.OHG based on the EU General Data Protection Regulation Article 6 (1f) to avoid incorrect deliveries (i.e. the protection of postal secrecy) and the customer-friendly design of the time and place of delivery of the person concerned (recipient). You can object to the transmission of additional information such as e-mail or mobile phone number both with us (kunde@reiff-reifen.de) and with GLS (datenschutz@gls-germany.com). Data transmission when concluding a contract for services and digital content We only transmit personal data to third parties if this is necessary in the context of contract execution, for example to the credit institution commissioned with the payment processing. A further transmission of the data does not take place or only if you have expressly consented to the transmission. Your data will not be passed on to third parties without express consent, for example for advertising purposes. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures. 5. Share social media content via plugins (Facebook, Google + 1, Twitter & Co.) The content on our pages can be shared in accordance with data protection in social networks such as Facebook, Twitter or Google+. This site uses the eRecht24 Safe Sharing Tool. This tool establishes direct contact between the networks and users only when the user actively clicks on one of these buttons. This tool does not automatically transfer user data to the operators of these platforms. If the user is logged into one of the social networks, an information window appears in which the user can confirm the text before sending it when using the social buttons from Facebook, Google + 1, Twitter & Co. Our users can share the content of this page in accordance with data protection in social networks without having to create complete surf profiles by the operators of the networks. Facebook plugins (Like & Share button) Plugins from the social network Facebook, provider Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA, are integrated on our website. You can recognize the Facebook plugins by the Facebook logo or the "Like" button on our website. An overview of the Facebook plugins can be found here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. When you visit our website, the plugin establishes a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server. Facebook receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click the Facebook "Like" button while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the content of our pages to your Facebook profile. This enables Facebook to assign your visit to our website to your user account. We would like to point out that, as the provider of the website, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or how it is used by Facebook. For more information, see Facebook's privacy policy at: https://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php. If you do not want Facebook to be able to assign your visit to our website to your Facebook user account, please log out of your Facebook user account. Twitter plugin Functions of the Twitter service are integrated on our website. These functions are offered by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. By using Twitter and the "Re-Tweet" function, the websites you visit are linked to your Twitter account and made known to other users. This data is also transmitted to Twitter. We would like to point out that, as the provider of the website, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or of how it is used by Twitter. Further information can be found in Twitter's data protection declaration at: https://twitter.com/privacy. You can change your data protection settings on Twitter in the account settings at https://twitter.com/account/settings. Google+ plugin Our pages use Google+ functions. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Collection and disclosure of information: You can use the Google+ button to publish information worldwide. Via the Google+ button, you and other users receive personalized content from Google and our partners. Google stores both the information that you have given +1 for content and information about the page that you viewed when you clicked +1. Your +1 can be displayed as information together with your profile name and your photo in Google services, such as in search results or in your Google profile, or elsewhere on websites and advertisements on the Internet. Google records information about your +1 activities in order to improve Google services for you and others. To be able to use the Google+ button, you need a globally visible, public Google profile that must contain at least the name chosen for the profile. This name is used in all Google services. In some cases, this name can also replace another name that you used when sharing content via your Google account. The identity of your Google profile can be shown to users who know your email address or who have other identifying information about you. Use of the information collected: In addition to the uses described above, the information you provide will be used in accordance with the applicable Google data protection regulations. Google may publish summarized statistics about the +1 activities of the users or pass them on to users and partners, such as publishers, advertisers or connected websites. Instagram plugin Functions of the Instagram service are integrated on our website. These functions are offered by Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA. If you are logged into your Instagram account, you can link the content of our pages to your Instagram profile by clicking the Instagram button. This allows Instagram to assign your visit to our website to your user account. We would like to point out that, as the provider of the website, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or of how it is used by Instagram. For more information, see Instagram's privacy policy: https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/. Tumblr Plugin Our pages use buttons from the Tumblr service. The provider is Tumblr, Inc., 35 East 21st St, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10010, USA. These buttons allow you to share a post or page on Tumblr or follow the provider on Tumblr. If you access one of our websites with a Tumblr button, the browser establishes a direct connection to the Tumblr servers. We have no influence on the amount of data that Tumblr collects and transmits using this plugin. According to the current status, the user's IP address and the URL of the respective website are transmitted. Further information can be found in Tumblr's data protection declaration at: https://www.tumblr.com/policy/de/privacy. LinkedIn plugin Our website uses functions of the LinkedIn network. The provider is LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Every time one of our pages containing LinkedIn functions is accessed, a connection to LinkedIn servers is established. LinkedIn is informed that you have visited our website with your IP address. If you click the "Recommend" button from LinkedIn and are logged into your LinkedIn account, LinkedIn is able to assign your visit to our website to you and your user account. We would like to point out that, as the provider of the website, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or how it is used by LinkedIn. Further information can be found in LinkedIn's data protection declaration at: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy. XING Plugin Our website uses functions of the XING network. The provider is XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. Every time you visit one of our pages that contains XING functions, a connection to XING servers is established. As far as we know, personal data is not saved. In particular, no IP addresses are saved or usage behavior is evaluated. Further information on data protection and the XING share button can be found in XING's data protection declaration at: https://www.xing.com/app/share?op=data_protection. Pinterest plugin On our site we use social plugins from the social network Pinterest, which is operated by Pinterest Inc., 808 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103-490, USA ("Pinterest"). When you visit a page that contains such a plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Pinterest servers. The plugin transmits log data to the Pinterest server in the USA. This log data may contain your IP address, the address of the websites visited, which also contain Pinterest functions, type and settings of the browser, date and time of the request, your use of Pinterest and cookies. Further information on the purpose, scope and further processing and use of the data by Pinterest as well as your rights and options to protect your privacy can be found in Pinterest's data protection information: https://about.pinterest.com/de/privacy-policy. 6. Analysis tools and advertising Google Analytics This website uses functions of the web analytics service Google Analytics. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google Analytics cookies are stored on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both its website and its advertising. IP anonymization We have activated the IP anonymization function on this website. As a result, your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area before it is transmitted to the USA. The full IP address will only be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services related to website activity and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. Browser plugin You can prevent cookies from being saved by making the appropriate settings in your browser software; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading the browser plug-in available under the following link and install: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. Objection to data collection You can prevent Google Analytics from collecting your data by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie is set that prevents the collection of your data on future visits to this website: Deactivate Google Analytics. You can find more information on the handling of user data at Google Analytics in Google's data protection declaration: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de. Order data processing We have concluded a contract for order data processing with Google and fully implement the strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using Google Analytics. Demographic characteristics in Google Analytics This website uses the "demographic characteristics" function of Google Analytics. This allows reports to be created that contain information about the age, gender and interests of the website visitors. This data comes from interest-based advertising from Google and visitor data from third-party providers. This data cannot be assigned to a specific person. You can deactivate this function at any time via the ad settings in your Google account or generally prohibit the collection of your data by Google Analytics as described in the point “Objection to data collection”. Google AdSense This website uses Google AdSense, a service for integrating advertisements from Google Inc. ("Google"). The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google AdSense uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website. Google AdSense also uses so-called web beacons (invisible graphics). These web beacons can be used to evaluate information such as visitor traffic on these pages. The information generated by cookies and web beacons about the use of this website (including your IP address) and the delivery of advertising formats are transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. This information can be passed on by Google to contractual partners of Google. However, Google will not merge your IP address with other data that you have stored. AdSense cookies are stored on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both its website and its advertising. You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Google Analytics Remarketing Our websites use the functions of Google Analytics Remarketing in connection with the cross-device functions of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. This function enables the advertising target groups created with Google Analytics Remarketing to be linked to the cross-device functions of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. In this way, interest-related, personalized advertising messages that have been adapted to you depending on your previous usage and surfing behavior on one device (e.g. cell phone) can also be displayed on another of your devices (e.g. tablet or PC). If you have given your consent, Google will link your web and app browser history to your Google account for this purpose. In this way, the same personalized advertising messages can be displayed on any device on which you log in with your Google account. Zur Unterstützung dieser Funktion erfasst Google Analytics google-authentifizierte IDs der Nutzer, die vorübergehend mit unseren Google-Analytics-Daten verknüpft werden, um Zielgruppen für die geräteübergreifende Anzeigenwerbung zu definieren und zu erstellen. Sie können dem geräteübergreifenden Remarketing/Targeting dauerhaft widersprechen, indem Sie personalisierte Werbung in Ihrem Google-Konto deaktivieren; folgen Sie hierzu diesem Link: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/. Die Zusammenfassung der erfassten Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto erfolgt ausschließlich auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung, die Sie bei Google abgeben oder widerrufen können (Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO). Bei Datenerfassungsvorgängen, die nicht in Ihrem Google-Konto zusammengeführt werden (z.B. weil Sie kein Google-Konto haben oder der Zusammenführung widersprochen haben) beruht die Erfassung der Daten auf Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f GDPR. Das berechtigte Interesse ergibt sich daraus, dass der Websitebetreiber ein Interesse an der anonymisierten Analyse der Websitebesucher zu Werbezwecken hat. Weitergehende Informationen und die Datenschutzbestimmungen finden Sie in der Datenschutzerklärung von Google unter: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/. Google AdWords und Google Conversion-Tracking Diese Website verwendet Google AdWords. AdWords ist ein Online-Werbeprogramm der Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”). Im Rahmen von Google AdWords nutzen wir das so genannte Conversion-Tracking. Wenn Sie auf eine von Google geschaltete Anzeige klicken wird ein Cookie für das Conversion-Tracking gesetzt. Bei Cookies handelt es sich um kleine Textdateien, die der Internet-Browser auf dem Computer des Nutzers ablegt. Diese Cookies verlieren nach 30 Tagen ihre Gültigkeit und dienen nicht der persönlichen Identifizierung der Nutzer. Besucht der Nutzer bestimmte Seiten dieser Website und das Cookie ist noch nicht abgelaufen, können Google und wir erkennen, dass der Nutzer auf die Anzeige geklickt hat und zu dieser Seite weitergeleitet wurde. Jeder Google AdWords-Kunde erhält ein anderes Cookie. Die Cookies können nicht über die Websites von AdWords-Kunden nachverfolgt werden. Die mithilfe des Conversion-Cookies eingeholten Informationen dienen dazu, Conversion-Statistiken für AdWords-Kunden zu erstellen, die sich für Conversion-Tracking entschieden haben. Die Kunden erfahren die Gesamtanzahl der Nutzer, die auf ihre Anzeige geklickt haben und zu einer mit einem Conversion-Tracking-Tag versehenen Seite weitergeleitet wurden. Sie erhalten jedoch keine Informationen, mit denen sich Nutzer persönlich identifizieren lassen. Wenn Sie nicht am Tracking teilnehmen möchten, können Sie dieser Nutzung widersprechen, indem Sie das Cookie des Google Conversion-Trackings über ihren Internet-Browser unter Nutzereinstellungen leicht deaktivieren. Sie werden sodann nicht in die Conversion-Tracking Statistiken aufgenommen. Die Speicherung von “Conversion-Cookies” erfolgt auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both its website and its advertising. Mehr Informationen zu Google AdWords und Google Conversion-Tracking finden Sie in den Datenschutzbestimmungen von Google: https://www.google.de/policies/privacy/. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed. Bei der Deaktivierung von Cookies kann die Funktionalität dieser Website eingeschränkt sein. Google reCAPTCHA Wir nutzen “Google reCAPTCHA” (im Folgenden “reCAPTCHA”) auf unseren Websites. Anbieter ist die Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). Mit reCAPTCHA soll überprüft werden, ob die Dateneingabe auf unseren Websites (z.B. in einem Kontaktformular) durch einen Menschen oder durch ein automatisiertes Programm erfolgt. Hierzu analysiert reCAPTCHA das Verhalten des Websitebesuchers anhand verschiedener Merkmale. Diese Analyse beginnt automatisch, sobald der Websitebesucher die Website betritt. Zur Analyse wertet reCAPTCHA verschiedene Informationen aus (z.B. IP-Adresse, Verweildauer des Websitebesuchers auf der Website oder vom Nutzer getätigte Mausbewegungen). Die bei der Analyse erfassten Daten werden an Google weitergeleitet. Die reCAPTCHA-Analysen laufen vollständig im Hintergrund. Websitebesucher werden nicht darauf hingewiesen, dass eine Analyse stattfindet. Die Datenverarbeitung erfolgt auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f GDPR. Der Websitebetreiber hat ein berechtigtes Interesse daran, seine Webangebote vor missbräuchlicher automatisierter Ausspähung und vor SPAM zu schützen. Weitere Informationen zu Google reCAPTCHA sowie die Datenschutzerklärung von Google entnehmen Sie folgenden Links: https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/ und https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/android.html. Facebook Pixel Unsere Website nutzt zur Konversionsmessung das Besucheraktions-Pixel von Facebook, Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). So kann das Verhalten der Seitenbesucher nachverfolgt werden, nachdem diese durch Klick auf eine Facebook-Werbeanzeige auf die Website des Anbieters weitergeleitet wurden. Dadurch können die Wirksamkeit der Facebook-Werbeanzeigen für statistische und Marktforschungszwecke ausgewertet werden und zukünftige Werbemaßnahmen optimiert werden. Die erhobenen Daten sind für uns als Betreiber dieser Website anonym, wir können keine Rückschlüsse auf die Identität der Nutzer ziehen. Die Daten werden aber von Facebook gespeichert und verarbeitet, sodass eine Verbindung zum jeweiligen Nutzerprofil möglich ist und Facebook die Daten für eigene Werbezwecke, entsprechend der Facebook-Datenverwendungsrichtlinie verwenden kann. Dadurch kann Facebook das Schalten von Werbeanzeigen auf Seiten von Facebook sowie außerhalb von Facebook ermöglichen. Diese Verwendung der Daten kann von uns als Seitenbetreiber nicht beeinflusst werden. In den Datenschutzhinweisen von Facebook finden Sie weitere Hinweise zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. Sie können außerdem die Remarketing-Funktion “Custom Audiences” im Bereich Einstellungen für Werbeanzeigen unter https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen deaktivieren. Dazu müssen Sie bei Facebook angemeldet sein. Wenn Sie kein Facebook Konto besitzen, können Sie nutzungsbasierte Werbung von Facebook auf der Website der European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance deaktivieren: http://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/. 7. Newsletter Newsletterdaten Wenn Sie den auf der Website angebotenen Newsletter beziehen möchten, benötigen wir von Ihnen eine E-Mail-Adresse sowie Informationen, welche uns die Überprüfung gestatten, dass Sie der Inhaber der angegebenen E-Mail-Adresse sind und mit dem Empfang des Newsletters einverstanden sind. Weitere Daten werden nicht bzw. nur auf freiwilliger Basis erhoben. Diese Daten verwenden wir ausschließlich für den Versand der angeforderten Informationen und geben diese nicht an Dritte weiter. Die Verarbeitung der in das Newsletteranmeldeformular eingegebenen Daten erfolgt ausschließlich auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung (Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO). Die erteilte Einwilligung zur Speicherung der Daten, der E-Mail-Adresse sowie deren Nutzung zum Versand des Newsletters können Sie jederzeit widerrufen, etwa über den "Austragen"-Link im Newsletter. Die Rechtmäßigkeit der bereits erfolgten Datenverarbeitungsvorgänge bleibt vom Widerruf unberührt. Die von Ihnen zum Zwecke des Newsletter-Bezugs bei uns hinterlegten Daten werden von uns bis zu Ihrer Austragung aus dem Newsletter gespeichert und nach der Abbestellung des Newsletters gelöscht. Daten, die zu anderen Zwecken bei uns gespeichert wurden (z.B. E-Mail-Adressen für den Mitgliederbereich) bleiben hiervon unberührt. Newsletter2Go Diese Website nutzt Newsletter2Go für den Versand von Newslettern. Anbieter ist die Newsletter2Go GmbH, Nürnberger Straße 8, 10787 Berlin, Deutschland. Newsletter2Go ist ein Dienst, mit dem u.a. der Versand von Newslettern organisiert und analysiert werden kann. Die von Ihnen zum Zwecke des Newsletterbezugs eingegeben Daten werden auf den Servern von Newsletter2Go in Deutschland gespeichert. Wenn Sie keine Analyse durch Newsletter2Go wollen, müssen Sie den Newsletter abbestellen. Hierfür stellen wir in jeder Newsletternachricht einen entsprechenden Link zur Verfügung. Des Weiteren können Sie den Newsletter auch direkt auf der Website abbestellen. Datenanalyse durch Newsletter2Go Mit Hilfe von Newsletter2Go ist es uns möglich, unsere Newsletter-Kampagnen zu analysieren. So können wir z.B. sehen, ob eine Newsletter-Nachricht geöffnet und welche Links ggf. angeklickt wurden. Auf diese Weise können wir u.a. feststellen, welche Links besonders oft angeklickt wurden. Außerdem können wir erkennen, ob nach dem Öffnen/ Anklicken bestimmte vorher definierte Aktionen durchgeführt wurden (Conversion-Rate). Wir können so z.B. erkennen, ob Sie nach dem Anklicken des Newsletters einen Kauf getätigt haben. Newsletter2Go ermöglicht es uns auch, die Newsletter-Empfänger anhand verschiedener Kategorien zu unterteilen (“clustern”). Dabei lassen sich die Newsletterempfänger z.B. nach Alter, Geschlecht oder Wohnort unterteilen. Auf diese Weise lassen sich die Newsletter besser an die jeweiligen Zielgruppen anpassen. Ausführliche Informationen zum zu den Funktionen von Newsletter2Go entnehmen Sie folgendem Link: https://www.newsletter2go.de/features/newsletter-software/. Rechtsgrundlage Die Datenverarbeitung erfolgt auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung (Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO). Sie können diese Einwilligung jederzeit widerrufen. Die Rechtmäßigkeit der bereits erfolgten Datenverarbeitungsvorgänge bleibt vom Widerruf unberührt. Speicherdauer Die von Ihnen zum Zwecke des Newsletter-Bezugs bei uns hinterlegten Daten werden von uns bis zu Ihrer Austragung aus dem Newsletter gespeichert und nach der Abbestellung des Newsletters sowohl von unseren Servern als auch von den Servern von Newsletter2Go gelöscht. Daten, die zu anderen Zwecken bei uns gespeichert wurden (z.B. E-Mail-Adressen für den Mitgliederbereich) bleiben hiervon unberührt. Näheres entnehmen Sie den Datenschutzbestimmungen von Newsletter2Go unter: https://www.newsletter2go.de/features/datenschutz-2/. Abschluss eines Vertrags über Auftragsdatenverarbeitung Wir haben mit Newsletter2Go einen Vertrag abgeschlossen, in dem wir Newsletter2Go verpflichten, die Daten unserer Kunden zu schützen und sie nicht an Dritte weiterzugeben. Dieser Vertrag kann unter folgendem Link eingesehen werden: https://www.newsletter2go.de/docs/datenschutz/ADV_Muster_Newsletter2Go_GmbH_latest_Form.pdf?x48278. 8. Plugins und Tools YouTube Unsere Website nutzt Plugins der von Google betriebenen Seite YouTube. Betreiber der Seiten ist die YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. Wenn Sie eine unserer mit einem YouTube-Plugin ausgestatteten Seiten besuchen, wird eine Verbindung zu den Servern von YouTube hergestellt. Dabei wird dem YouTube-Server mitgeteilt, welche unserer Seiten Sie besucht haben. Wenn Sie in Ihrem YouTube-Account eingeloggt sind, ermöglichen Sie YouTube, Ihr Surfverhalten direkt Ihrem persönlichen Profil zuzuordnen. Dies können Sie verhindern, indem Sie sich aus Ihrem YouTube-Account ausloggen. Die Nutzung von YouTube erfolgt im Interesse einer ansprechenden Darstellung unserer Online-Angebote. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO dar. Weitere Informationen zum Umgang mit Nutzerdaten finden Sie in der Datenschutzerklärung von YouTube unter: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Vimeo Unsere Website nutzt Plugins des Videoportals Vimeo. Anbieter ist die Vimeo Inc., 555 West 18th Street, New York, New York 10011, USA. Wenn Sie eine unserer mit einem Vimeo-Plugin ausgestatteten Seiten besuchen, wird eine Verbindung zu den Servern von Vimeo hergestellt. Dabei wird dem Vimeo-Server mitgeteilt, welche unserer Seiten Sie besucht haben. Zudem erlangt Vimeo Ihre IP-Adresse. Dies gilt auch dann, wenn Sie nicht bei Vimeo eingeloggt sind oder keinen Account bei Vimeo besitzen. Die von Vimeo erfassten Informationen werden an den Vimeo-Server in den USA übermittelt. Wenn Sie in Ihrem Vimeo-Account eingeloggt sind, ermöglichen Sie Vimeo, Ihr Surfverhalten direkt Ihrem persönlichen Profil zuzuordnen. Dies können Sie verhindern, indem Sie sich aus Ihrem Vimeo-Account ausloggen. Weitere Informationen zum Umgang mit Nutzerdaten finden Sie in der Datenschutzerklärung von Vimeo unter: https://vimeo.com/privacy. Google Web Fonts Diese Seite nutzt zur einheitlichen Darstellung von Schriftarten so genannte Web Fonts, die von Google bereitgestellt werden. Beim Aufruf einer Seite lädt Ihr Browser die benötigten Web Fonts in ihren Browsercache, um Texte und Schriftarten korrekt anzuzeigen. For this purpose, the browser you are using must connect to the Google servers. Hierdurch erlangt Google Kenntnis darüber, dass über Ihre IP-Adresse unsere Website aufgerufen wurde. Google Web Fonts are used in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO dar. Wenn Ihr Browser Web Fonts nicht unterstützt, wird eine Standardschrift von Ihrem Computer genutzt. Weitere Informationen zu Google Web Fonts finden Sie unter https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq und in der Datenschutzerklärung von Google: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. Google Maps Diese Seite nutzt über eine API den Kartendienst Google Maps. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. To use the functions of Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. Diese Informationen werden in der Regel an einen Server von Google in den USA übertragen und dort gespeichert. Der Anbieter dieser Seite hat keinen Einfluss auf diese Datenübertragung. The use of Google Maps is in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers and to make it easier to find the places we have indicated on the website. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO dar. Mehr Informationen zum Umgang mit Nutzerdaten finden Sie in der Datenschutzerklärung von Google: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/. Google Search Console Wir verwenden die Google-Search-Console (Google Webmaster Tools), um die Webseite technisch bezüglich Fehler zu überwachen. Die Google-Search-Console ist ein kostenloser Dienst von Google, mit dem wir unsere Präsenz im Google-Suchindex überwachen und verwalten können. Dort erhalten wir Zugang zu vielen Daten und Informationen, die Google zu unserer Website hat. In Bezug auf den Datenschutz ist die Benutzung der Google-Search-Console unbedenklich, weil hier keine Nutzer- und Trackingdaten von unserer Seite an Google übermittelt werden, sondern wir erhalten lediglich durch einen Crawler dokumentierte technische und inhaltliche Daten von Google zu unserer Webpräsenz. Informationen zum Thema Datenschutz bei Google finden Sie hier: https://policies.google.com/. 9. Zahlungsanbieter PayPal Auf unserer Website bieten wir u.a. die Bezahlung via PayPal an. Anbieter dieses Zahlungsdienstes ist die PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg (im Folgenden “PayPal”). Wenn Sie die Bezahlung via PayPal auswählen, werden die von Ihnen eingegebenen Zahlungsdaten an PayPal übermittelt. Die Übermittlung Ihrer Daten an PayPal erfolgt auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO (Einwilligung) und Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO (Verarbeitung zur Erfüllung eines Vertrags). Sie haben die Möglichkeit, Ihre Einwilligung zur Datenverarbeitung jederzeit zu widerrufen. Ein Widerruf wirkt sich auf die Wirksamkeit von in der Vergangenheit liegenden Datenverarbeitungsvorgängen nicht aus. Klarna Auf unserer Website bieten wir u.a. die Bezahlung mit den Diensten von Klarna an. Anbieter ist die Klarna AB, Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, Schweden (im Folgenden “Klarna”). Klarna bietet verschiedene Zahlungsoptionen an (z.B. Ratenkauf). Wenn Sie sich für die Bezahlung mit Klarna entscheiden (Klarna-Checkout-Lösung), wird Klarna verschiedene personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen erheben. Details hierzu können Sie in der Datenschutzerklärung von Klarna unter folgendem Link nachlesen: https://www.klarna.com/de/datenschutz/. Klarna nutzt Cookies, um die Verwendung der Klarna-Checkout-Lösung zu optimieren. Die Optimierung der Checkout-Lösung stellt ein berechtigtes Interesse im Sinne von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO dar. Cookies sind kleine Textdateien, die auf Ihrem Endgerät gespeichert werden und keinen Schaden anrichten. Sie verbleiben auf Ihrem Endgerät bis Sie sie löschen. Details zum Einsatz von Klarna-Cookies entnehmen Sie folgendem Link: https://cdn.klarna.com/1.0/shared/content/policy/cookie/de_de/checkout.pdf. Die Übermittlung Ihrer Daten an Klarna erfolgt auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO (Einwilligung) und Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO (Verarbeitung zur Erfüllung eines Vertrags). Sie haben die Möglichkeit, Ihre Einwilligung zur Datenverarbeitung jederzeit zu widerrufen. Ein Widerruf wirkt sich auf die Wirksamkeit von in der Vergangenheit liegenden Datenverarbeitungsvorgängen nicht aus. Sofortüberweisung Auf unserer Website bieten wir u.a. die Bezahlung mittels “Sofortüberweisung” an. Anbieter dieses Zahlungsdienstes ist die Sofort GmbH, Theresienhöhe 12, 80339 München (im Folgenden “Sofort GmbH”). Mit Hilfe des Verfahrens “Sofortüberweisung” erhalten wir in Echtzeit eine Zahlungsbestätigung von der Sofort GmbH und können unverzüglich mit der Erfüllung unserer Verbindlichkeiten beginnen. Wenn Sie sich für die Zahlungsart “Sofortüberweisung” entschieden haben, übermitteln Sie die PIN und eine gültige TAN an die Sofort GmbH, mit der diese sich in Ihr Online-Banking-Konto einloggen kann. Sofort GmbH überprüft nach dem Einloggen automatisch Ihren Kontostand und führt die Überweisung an uns mit Hilfe der von Ihnen übermittelten TAN durch. Anschließend übermittelt sie uns unverzüglich eine Transaktionsbestätigung. Nach dem Einloggen werden außerdem Ihre Umsätze, der Kreditrahmen des Dispokredits und das Vorhandensein anderer Konten sowie deren Bestände automatisiert geprüft. Neben der PIN und der TAN werden auch die von Ihnen eingegebenen Zahlungsdaten sowie Daten zu Ihrer Person an die Sofort GmbH übermittelt. Bei den Daten zu Ihrer Person handelt es sich um Vor- und Nachname, Adresse, Telefonnummer(n), Email-Adresse, IP-Adresse und ggf. weitere zur Zahlungsabwicklung erforderliche Daten. Die Übermittlung dieser Daten ist notwendig, um Ihre Identität zweifelsfrei zu festzustellen und Betrugsversuchen vorzubeugen. Die Übermittlung Ihrer Daten an die Sofort GmbH erfolgt auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO (Einwilligung) und Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO (Verarbeitung zur Erfüllung eines Vertrags). Sie haben die Möglichkeit, Ihre Einwilligung zur Datenverarbeitung jederzeit zu widerrufen. Ein Widerruf wirkt sich auf die Wirksamkeit von in der Vergangenheit liegenden Datenverarbeitungsvorgängen nicht aus. Details zur Zahlung mit Sofortüberweisung entnehmen Sie folgenden Links: https://www.sofort.de/datenschutz.html und https://www.klarna.com/sofort/. Paydirect Auf unserer Website bieten wir u.a. die Bezahlung mittels Paydirekt an. Anbieter dieses Zahlungsdienstes ist die Paydirekt GmbH, Hamburger Allee 26-28, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland (im Folgenden “Paydirekt”). Wenn Sie die Bezahlung mittels Paydirekt ausführen, erhebt Paydirekt verschiedene Transaktionsdaten und leitet diese an die Bank weiter, bei der Sie mit Paydirekt registriert sind. Neben den für die Zahlung erforderlichen Daten erhebt Paydirekt im Rahmen der Transaktionsabwicklung ggf. weitere Daten wie z.B. Lieferadresse oder einzelne Positionen im Warenkorb. Paydirect authentifiziert die Transaktion anschließend mit Hilfe des bei der Bank hierfür hinterlegten Authentifizierungsverfahrens. Anschließend wird der Zahlbetrag von Ihrem Konto auf unser Konto überwiesen. Weder wir noch Dritte haben Zugriff auf Ihre Kontodaten. Details zur Zahlung mit Paydirekt entnehmen Sie den AGB und den Datenschutzbestimmungen von Paydirekt unter: https://www.paydirekt.de/agb/index.html. Sie erreichen REIFF Reifen und Autotechnik werktags von 08.00 – 17.00 Uhr Tel:      +49 7121 915-9999E-Mail: kunde@reiff-reifen.de Download der 				Datenschutzhinweise (pdf-Format) REIFF Standorte Finden Sie REIFF-Standorte in Ihrer Nähe! REIFF Newsletter Useful tips for drivers and current offers free of charge by email! »Click and subscribe to the REIFF newsletter Tire rims / complete wheels Online appointment booking Auto service Services Business customers Terms and Conditions Privacy policy Cookie settings Imprint Shipping costs Payment options Dispute resolution Company REIFF Locations Awards Jobs & careers Contact News at REIFF Facebook