Balancing | REIFF tires and car technology Note: Javascript does not work / does not work properly The simple and convenient handling of the Reiff tire online shop requires Javascript. Click here for more information on installing / activating Java Script. This website uses cookies to enable certain functions and to improve the offer. By continuing here you agree to the use of cookies. >> More information ✖ Monday-Friday: 07121 / 915-9999 Make an appointment now online Search 0 product (s) in the shopping cart Product added Product was added to the shopping cart 1x Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Please select the company where you have this item assembled want: ok cancel ok Please select the vehicle for which the selected service is to be performed: Why do you need wheel alignment? Car pulls to the left Car pulls to the right Tires worn on one side New chassis e.g. Lowering new component e.g. Tie rod vehicle had an accident Note: For special models / engines, other prices may apply in exceptional cases! cancel ok online shop tire service car service business customers tires, wheels and rims submenu_reifen-raeder-und-relgen branches submenu_niederlassung services & services submenu_ achievements-services actions & news submenu_actions-news tire knowledge submenu_ tires-knowledge company submenu_companies jobs & careers submenu_jobs-career tire service »services & Services »Services» Balancing Tire Manufacturer Continental Dunlop Falken Gislaved Goodyear Hankook Pirelli Tires Car Tires Van and Light Truck Tires Offroad and SUV Tires Commercial Vehicle Tires Motorcycle TiresWheels / Rims Complete Wheels Wheel Advice Steel Rims Aluminum Rims Aluminum Rims Care Tips Wheel Configurator Wheel Repair Wheel Rims REPAIR REALIFICATION REPAIR TIRE PRICE REVIEW TIRE REPAIR REALIFICATION Service Mobility Services Appointment Service Car Service Financing Services Wheel Alignment AIRSTOPP Balancing Wheel Storage Tire Pressure Monitoring System Act onen Bridgestone Test Our Best Dunlop Lucky Tire Fire Falcon says tanke! Goodyear Reach New Peaks Hankook exchange bonus Michelin Miles & More customers recruit customers Twen discountNews News Events Newsletters Give feedback Customer feedback Tires Know-How Tire encyclopedia EU tire label Tire safety Winter tire obligation Alpine symbol tire tests Summer tire tests Winter tire tests Motorbike tire tests SUV / off-road tire tests About REIFF REIFF locations REIFF Sustainability Certificates / AwardsContact customer center Make an appointmentPress & Media Relations Job exchange Unsolicited application WhatsApp ServiceTraining Vacant training positions School internship Information for parents & teachers Application tips Balancing We recommend: balancing with every change! Rely on safety and have your tires balanced every time you change them. When balancing, your tires are brought back into perfect balance. Stationary balancing: The wheels (tires + rims) are attached to a so-called balancing machine and set in rotation. In this way, uneven mass distributions of tires and rims are determined. If the tire does not run smoothly, the unbalance is compensated for by environmentally friendly zinc weights that are attached precisely and hardly visible. Benefit multiple times from optimally aligned tires: 1. More driving comfort2. More driving safety3. Increased tire mileage4. Protects the chassis components How you can determine "unbalance" yourself: Strong unbalance is noticeable when driving: The most striking feature is the "fluttering" steering wheel and vibration on the vehicle, especially at speeds between 80 and 120 km / h. Even an imbalance on the tire of ten grams appears at a speed of 100km / h due to the centrifugal force like 2.5 kilograms. Forces that cause uncontrolled steering movements in the driver. Uneven tire wear also suggests an imbalance on the wheel and leads to higher wear on the tires and chassis bearing components. The shock absorbers are heavily loaded and driving comfort drops. Tire rims / complete wheels Online appointment booking Auto service Services Business customers Terms and Conditions Data protection Cookie settings Imprint Shipping costs Payment options Dispute resolution Company REIFF Locations Awards Jobs & careers Contact News at REIFF Facebook