About REIFF | REIFF tires and car technology Note: Javascript does not work / does not work properly The simple and convenient handling of the Reiff tire online shop requires Javascript. Click here for more information on installing / activating Java Script. This website uses cookies to enable certain functions and to improve the offer. By continuing here you agree to the use of cookies. >> More information ✖ Monday-Friday: 07121 / 915-9999 Make an appointment now online Search 0 product (s) in the shopping cart Product added Product was added to the shopping cart 1x Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Please select the company where you have this item assembled want: ok cancel ok Please select the vehicle for which the selected service is to be performed: Why do you need wheel alignment? Car pulls to the left Car pulls to the right Tires worn on one side New chassis e.g. Lowering new component e.g. Tie rod vehicle had an accident Note: For special models / engines, other prices may apply in exceptional cases! cancel ok online shop tire service car service business customers tires, wheels and rims submenu_reifen-raeder-und-felgen branches submenu_niederlassung services & services submenu_ achievements-services actions & news submenu_actions-news tire knowledge submenu_ tires-knowledge company submenu_company jobs & career submenu_jobs-career tire service »company» About REIFF tire manufacturer Continental Dunlop Falken Gislaved Goodyear Hankook Pirelli tires car tires van and light truck tires off-road and SUV tires commercial vehicle tires motorcycle tires wheels / rims complete wheels wheel advice steel rims aluminum rims aluminum rims care tips rim configurator wheel repair wheel rims repair TIRE service check REIFF locations tire service check REIFF locations REIF tire service REIFF service locations Services Appointment Service Car Service Financing Services Wheel Alignment AIRSTOPP Balancing Wheel Storage Tire Pressure Monitoring System Promotions Bridgestone Test Our Bes Dunlop Lucky Tire Fire Falcon says tanke! Goodyear Reach New Peaks Hankook exchange bonus Michelin Miles & More customers recruit customers Twen discountNews News Events Newsletters Give feedback Customer feedback Tires Know-How Tire encyclopedia EU tire label Tire safety Winter tire obligation Alpine symbol tire tests Summer tire tests Winter tire tests Motorbike tire tests SUV / off-road tire tests About REIFF REIFF locations REIFF Sustainability Certificates / AwardsContact customer center Make an appointmentPress & Media Relations Job exchange Unsolicited application WhatsApp ServiceTraining Vacancies School internship Information for parents & teachers Application tips About REIFF REIFF tires and car technology The trading company REIFF tires and car technology is with the sales units in the area of ​​specialist trade, discount, e-commerce and wholesale one of the most important tire dealers in Germany. Customer orientation is our top priority. Every customer, regardless of which customer group - large or small, old or young, poor or rich - is served in a friendly, fast and competent manner. The basis of our success is a strong relationship of trust with the customer, which results from reliable work with a high level of safety. With this outstanding service, which we constantly check and optimize, REIFF is number 1 in the tire trade. At 32 locations in Baden-Württemberg we offer expertise in everything to do with bicycles, tires and car service. Our core range includes: Car tires Motorbike tires Off-road and SUV tires Commercial vehicle tires Retreaded truck tires Industrial tires Earthmoving tires Tire tractor tires Aluminum rims Steel wheels In addition to tire service, you can get professional and reliable car service in all branches - for full service first class! Regardless of whether you need an oil change or the main inspection is due: We are your right contact when it comes to your vehicle! Tire rims / complete wheels Online appointment booking Auto service Services Business customers Terms and Conditions Data protection Cookie settings Imprint Shipping costs Payment options Dispute resolution Company REIFF Locations Awards Jobs & careers Contact News at REIFF Facebook