Window repair | REIFF tires and car technology Note: Javascript does not work / does not work properly The simple and convenient handling of the Reiff tire online shop requires Javascript. Click here for more information on installing / activating Java Script. This website uses cookies to enable certain functions and to improve the offer. By continuing here you agree to the use of cookies. >> More information ✖ Monday-Friday: 07121 / 915-9999 Make an appointment now online Search 0 product (s) in the shopping cart Product added Product was added to the shopping cart 1x Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Please select the company where you have this item assembled want: ok cancel ok Please select the vehicle for which the selected service is to be performed: Why do you need wheel alignment? Car pulls to the left Car pulls to the right Tires worn on one side New chassis e.g. Lowering new component e.g. Tie rod vehicle had an accident Note: For special models / engines, other prices may apply in exceptional cases! cancel ok online shop tire service car service business customers car service submenu_autoservice branches submenu_niederlassung service submenu_service actions & news submenu_angebote-news auto-knowledge submenu_auto-knowledge company submenu_unternehmen jobs & careers submenu_jobs-career auto service »auto service» wear & repair »auto glass service inspection & maintenance inspection HU) Service Check Air Conditioning Maintenance Lighting Wear & Repair Chassis & Shock Absorber Interior Filters Oil Change Battery Electronics Auto Glass Service Exhaust Body & Paint Brakes & Brake Fluid Soot Particle Filters Tuning & Accessories REIFF Locations REIFF Service Promise REIFF Offer REIFF Mobility GuaranteeFinancingHoleand Bring ServiceReplacement VehicleLeasing Campaigns Customer Service Customer feedbacks give feedback Autoservice A-ZGVO change master tips Somm grab profile depth wheels storage air pressure oil windshield wipers headlights first aid kit mobility guarantee about REIFF REIFF locations REIFF sustainability certificates / awards contact customer center / online shop contact the REIFF location press & media relations job market speculative application WhatsApp service training free apprenticeships school internship information for parents & teachers application tips car glass repair stone chips in the window? We can do it again! In our branches we repair or replace your vehicle window quickly, reliably and of course according to the manufacturer's specifications. Under the comprehensive insurance, most insurance companies pay the damage without your cost sharing. Stone chip test - what does your stone chip look like? Car glass / glass damage repair Our branches repair or replace the vehicle window on every car, regardless of the vehicle type and the manufacturer. We give a 30-year guarantee on the durability of the auto glass repair and the tightness of newly installed windows. If your car window is no longer repairable, we will replace your front, side or rear windows. 0, - * (with comprehensive insurance) Do you only have liability insurance (without partial insurance)? No problem! So we carry out the repair for you from € 99. Depending on the vehicle, the cost of replacing the window may be higher. * As part of comprehensive insurance, most insurance companies pay the damage without your share of the costs. Tire rims / complete wheels Online appointment booking Auto service Services Business customers Terms and Conditions Privacy policy Cookie settings Imprint Shipping costs Payment options Dispute resolution Company REIFF locations Awards Jobs & careers Contact News at REIFF Facebook