REIFF certificates and awards REIFF tires and car technology Note: Javascript does not work / does not work properly The simple and convenient handling of the Reiff tire online shop requires Javascript. Click here for more information on installing / activating Java Script. This website uses cookies to enable certain functions and to improve the offer. By continuing here you agree to the use of cookies. >> More information ✖ Monday-Friday: 07121 / 915-9999 Make an appointment now online Search 0 product (s) in the shopping cart Product added Product was added to the shopping cart 1x Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Please select the company where you have this item assembled want: ok cancel ok Please select the vehicle for which the selected service is to be performed: Why do you need wheel alignment? Car pulls to the left Car pulls to the right Tires worn on one side New chassis e.g. Lowering new component e.g. Tie rod vehicle had an accident Note: For special models / engines, other prices may apply in exceptional cases! cancel ok online shop tire service car service business customers offers submenu_offers tires and rims submenu_tyres-and-rims service submenu_service info and help submenu_infos-and-help About REIFF submenu_ueber-reiff login submenu_login jobs & careers submenu_jobs-career online shop »About REIFF / The company» Certificates Premium offersTire offers Car tires Motorbike tires Van tires / light truck Search tires and rims Car tires Offroad / SUV tires Van tires / Light truck motorcycle tires Complete wheels RimsTire profiles Overview Cars Summer tires Cars Winter tires Cars All-weather tires Off-road tires SUV tires Light truck tires Van tires Moped tires Motorbike tires Scooter tires Assembly service Service Assembly service Appointment service Payment options REIFF locations Car service REIFF services REIFF service services Auto knowledge EU tire label No EU label Order and info Order process Complete prices Correct tire size Notes for re ifendimension Availability Payment Methods Collection Appointments Wheel ConfiguratorDelivery and Shipping Delivery Services and Shipping Methods Shipping Costs and Delivery Time Availability Delivery StatusGuarantee and Revocation Return Guarantee / Warranty Right of Withdrawal ContactTechnical Information Browser Settings Change Browser Settings Shopping Cart Cookies Cookies and Firewall Technical Details Technical Contact Privacy Policy The Company News & Archives Facts and Figures Philosophy REIFF Sustainability Certificates / Awards REIFF on FacebookContact Customer Center REIFF Locations Make an appointmentNewsletter Login Business Customers Business Customers Online ShopLogin Resellers Resellers Online Shop Job Exchange Unsolicited Application WhatsApp ServiceTraining Vacancies School Internship Information for Parents & Teachers Application Tips Certificates & Awards This is what makes us special! The REIFF online shop is a recognized partner website of Continental and meets the defined quality criteria in terms of products and services. Convince yourself and order your tires easily via our online shop. REIFF meets the quality standards that Michelin has developed for sales and services relating to tires. For you as a customer this means: At REIFF you can rely on professional tire service! THANK YOU for placing your trust in us. As in the past two years, we have again received the title "Workshop of Trust" for 2018. 31 locations took part in the competition and received the coveted “Workshop of Trust” award. REIFF is the workshop I trust! As a DEKRA partner company, you can conveniently have a statutory main inspection carried out by us. We carry out the necessary exhaust gas analysis (AU) with test evidence, the main inspection is carried out by an independent test engineer from DEKRA in one of our more than 30 REIFF branches. Tire rims / complete wheels Online appointment booking Auto service Services Business customers Terms and Conditions Data protection Cookie settings Imprint Shipping costs Payment options Dispute resolution Company REIFF Locations Awards Jobs & careers Contact News at REIFF Facebook