Legal Info | REIFF tires and car technology Note: Javascript does not work / does not work properly The simple and convenient handling of the Reiff tire online shop requires Javascript. Click here for more information on installing / activating Java Script. This website uses cookies to enable certain functions and to improve the offer. By continuing here you agree to the use of cookies. >> More information ✖ Monday-Friday: 07121 / 915-9999 Make an appointment now online Search 0 product (s) in the shopping cart Product added Product was added to the shopping cart 1x Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Please select the company where you have this item assembled want: ok cancel ok Please select the vehicle for which the selected service is to be performed: Why do you need wheel alignment? Car pulls to the left Car pulls to the right Tires worn on one side New chassis e.g. Lowering new component e.g. Tie rod vehicle had an accident Note: For special models / engines, other prices may apply in exceptional cases! cancel ok online shop tire service car service business customers offers submenu_offers tires and rims submenu_tyres-and-rims service submenu_service info and help submenu_infos-and-help about REIFF submenu_ueber-reiff login submenu_login jobs & careers submenu_jobs-career online shop »about REIFF» legal. Info Premium campaignsTire offers Car tires Motorbike tires Van tires / light truck Search tires and rims Car tires Offroad / SUV tires Van tires / Light truck motorcycle tires Complete wheels RimsTire profiles Overview Cars Summer tires Cars Winter tires Cars All-weather tires Off-road tires SUV tires Light truck tires Van tires Moped tires Motorbike tires Scooter tire assembly service Service assembly service Appointment Service Payment Options REIFF Locations Car Service REIFF Services REIFF Service Services Auto Knowledge EU Tire Label No EU Label Order and Info Order History Complete Prices Correct Tire Size Note for Tire Dimension Availability Payment Methods Collection Appointment Agreement Wheels ConfiguratorDelivery and Shipping Delivery Services and Shipping Methods Shipping Costs and Delivery Time Availability Delivery StatusGuarantee and Revocation Return Guarantee / Warranty Right of withdrawal ContactTechnical information Browser settings Change browser settings Shopping cart Cook Cookies and firewall Technical details Technical contact Data protection notice The company News & archive Facts and figures Philosophy REIFF Sustainability Certificates / Awards REIFF on FacebookContact customer center REIFF locations Make an appointmentNewsletter Login Business customers Business customers Online shopLogin Resellers Resellers Online shop Job exchange Unsolicited application WhatsApp Service Training Free training positions School internship Information for parents & Teachers Application tips About REIFF The companyContactNewsletter REIFF tires and car technology: Legal information Terms and Conditions REIFF tires and car technology Here you can find out about the legal terms and conditions of REIFF tires and car technology GmbH. »To the REIFF tires and car technology General terms and conditions REIFF tire shop Find out here about the legal terms and conditions for electronic business transactions, such as the right of withdrawal, payment terms, warranty claims and data protection. »To the REIFF tire shop GTC AEB REIFF tires and car technology Here you can find out about the general terms and conditions of purchase of REIFF tires and car technology GmbH. »To the REIFF tires and car technology AEB Imprint Find out here about our company address and contact options. »Go to imprint REIFF locations Find REIFF locations near you! REIFF Newsletter Useful tips for drivers and current offers free of charge by email! »Click and subscribe to the REIFF newsletter News from REIFF Tire Rims / Complete Bikes Online appointment booking Car service Services Business customers Terms and Conditions Data protection Cookie settings Imprint Shipping costs Payment options Dispute resolution Company REIFF Locations Awards Jobs & careers Contact News from REIFF Facebook