Correct tire size REIFF tires and car technology Note: Javascript does not work / does not work properly The simple and convenient handling of the Reiff tire online shop requires Javascript. Click here for more information on installing / activating Java Script. This website uses cookies to enable certain functions and to improve the offer. By continuing here you agree to the use of cookies. >> More information ✖ Monday-Friday: 07121 / 915-9999 Make an appointment now online Search 0 product (s) in the shopping cart Product added Product was added to the shopping cart 1x Continue shopping Proceed to checkout Please select the company where you have this item assembled want: ok cancel ok Please select the vehicle for which the selected service is to be performed: Why do you need wheel alignment? Car pulls to the left Car pulls to the right Tires worn on one side New chassis e.g. Lowering new component e.g. Tie rod vehicle had an accident Note: For special models / engines, other prices may apply in exceptional cases! cancel ok online shop tire service car service business customers offers submenu_offers tires and rims submenu_tyres-and-rims service submenu_service info and help submenu_infos-and-help about REIFF submenu_ueber-reiff login submenu_login jobs & careers submenu_jobs-career online shop »info and help» order and info »correct Tire size Premium campaignsTire offers Car tires Motorbike tires Van tires / light truck Search tires and rims Car tires Offroad / SUV tires Van tires / Light truck motorcycle tires Complete wheels RimsTire profiles Overview Cars Summer tires Cars Winter tires Cars All-weather tires Off-road tires SUV tires Light truck tires Van tires Moped tires Motorbike tires Scooter tires Assembly service Service assembly service Appointment Service Payment Options REIFF Locations Car Service REIFF Services REIFF Service Services Auto Knowledge EU Tire Label No EU Label Order and Info Order History Complete Prices Correct Tire Size Memo for Tire dimension Availability Payment methods Collection Appointments Wheel configuratorDelivery and shipping Delivery services and shipping methods Shipping costs and delivery time Availability Delivery statusGuarantee and revocation Return guarantee / warranty Right of revocation ContactTechnical information Browser settings Change browser settings Shopping cart Cookies Cookies and firewall Technical details Technical contact Data protection notice The company News & archive Facts and figures Philosophy REIFF Sustainability Certificates / Awards REIFF on FacebookContact Customer Center REIFF Locations Make an appointmentNewsletter Login Business Customers Business Customers Online ShopLogin Resellers Resellers Online Shop Job Exchange Unsolicited Application WhatsApp ServiceTraining Vacancies School Internship Information for Parents & Teachers Application Tips Information and Help Ordering and InfoOrdering HistoryComplete PricesReal Tire SizeNote for maturity ndimensionAvailabilityPayment methodsCollecting an appointmentWheel configuratorDelivery and shippingGuarantee and revocationTechnical information Find the right tire size with REIFF How do you find the right tire size? Tires are a real high-tech product, even if they don't look like it. So take your time to choose the right tire and the right size. Before ordering, you should determine the correct size information for your tires. You will find this either in your vehicle registration / registration certificate 1 incl. COC or directly from the tires mounted on your vehicle. However, it is always advisable to read the size directly from the old tire for safety, since the specified tire size in the vehicle registration document or the registration certificate does not necessarily have to be the right one for the rims. As a tool, you can print out our note and the size of the tire note. Tires and rim information in the registration certificate part I The registration certificate has been replacing the previously known vehicle registration certificate since October 2005. The tire dimensions entered in sections 15.1 and 15.2 are tire sizes that are approved for the car. However, these do not necessarily correspond to a "minimum size" or the tires already fitted to your vehicle. The most important tire information can be found in the EC Declaration of Conformity (COC). The COC was supplied with you when you purchased the vehicle. The basic tires for axles 1 and 2 and a rim size are specified in the COC in section 32. With reference to number 32, number 50 (notes) contains another permitted tire / rim combination. Please note that winter tires and summer tires can have a different speed index! Tire size information: 205/55 R16 91 V 205 nominal tire width (mm). 55 Nominal cross-sectional ratio (the tire height is 55% of the nominal width). R symbol for radial tires (belted tires) or RF for flat tires, "Self supporting tires", 16 rim diameters (inch code). 91 Load capacity index. "91" means that the tire can be loaded with a maximum of 615 kg V ​​Speed ​​symbol for permissible maximum speed: V = 240 km / h Overview of the speed markings: Speed ​​index (GI) GI MNPQRSTUH VR V ZR WY km / h 130 140 150 160 170 180 190 200 210> 210 240> 240 270 300 Tires and rim information in the vehicle registration document You will find the legally required tire dimensions in your vehicle registration document under numbers 20-23. Additionally allowed tire sizes can be listed in the field for comments (section 33). Please note that winter tires and summer tires can have a different speed index! Tire size information: 205/55 R16 91 V 205 nominal tire width (mm). 55 Nominal cross-sectional ratio (the tire height is 55% of the nominal width). R symbol for radial tires (belted tires) or RF for flat tires, "Self supporting tires", 16 rim diameters (inch code). 91 Load capacity index. "91" means that the tire can be loaded with a maximum of 615 kg V ​​Speed ​​symbol for permissible maximum speed: V = 240 km / h Overview of the speed markings: Speed ​​index (GI) GI MNPQRSTUH VR V ZR WY km / h 130 140 150 160 170 180 190 200 210> 210 240> 240 270 300 More information about wheels and tires You can find more information and explanations on the individual terms (load index / load index, speed index etc.) in our tire lexicon. REIFF locations Find REIFF locations near you! Tire encyclopedia All terms relating to tires can be found in the REIFF tire encyclopedia! Tire rims / complete wheels Online appointment booking Auto service Services Business customers Terms and Conditions Data protection Cookie settings Imprint Shipping costs Payment options Dispute resolution Company REIFF Locations Awards Jobs & careers Contact News at REIFF Facebook