Dreispitzgarage AG | Services Home Service Vehicles Team This & That Advice & Sales Thanks to our many years of experience, we can give you the best advice when buying a new or used car. We would be happy to explain why the Japanese manufacturer's cars are among the safest and most reliable vehicles on the market. On a test drive you can convince yourself of the advantages of the Subaru fleet. Are you interested in leasing? We would be happy to show you possible financing tailored to your wishes and needs. In our exhibition are all Subaru models of the current vintage. The range is diverse: plenty of ground clearance, sporty, elegant lines, generous station wagons or compact SUVs. Equipment variants from functional to luxurious. And in any case, a lot of safety and comfort thanks to symmetrical all-wheel drive, low-lying boxer engine, continuously variable Lineartronic gearbox and Eyesight, the best driver assistant in the world. From the inexpensive and reliable companion to the sporty family station wagon to the flagship with luxurious top equipment. You will definitely find what you are looking for at Subaru. You will also always find a selection of attractive demo cars and inexpensive used vehicles. We sell all used vehicles fresh from MFK (motor vehicle inspection) and service as well as with a guarantee, well prepared and maintained inside and out. Service & maintenance Your Subaru is in the best hands with us. As an official Subaru partner, we are constantly training to keep up to date with the latest technology. We have all special tools, diagnostic tools and the latest software updates from the manufacturer. This guarantees you efficient maintenance and inexpensive repairs. The next summer is certain to come, a cool interior promotes safety and comfort when driving. For air conditioning service and disinfection we are well equipped with the most modern service and cleaning devices. Whether summer or winter tires, we will be happy to advise you and recommend the right tire for your car. We also offer complete wheel sets including a TPMS tire pressure monitoring system. Spare parts and resources As an official Subaru partner, we only use original spare parts from Subaru, resources such as engine oil, brake or coolant are of the highest quality. So your Subaru remains a loyal and reliable companion even after many years. Do you need a specific spare part, a roof rack, a drawbar, or are you looking for that something extra, such as special rims or a decor, to visually enhance your vehicle? Do not hesitate to ask us, we are happy to help. ... when it crashes No matter whether an accident or a defective pane, we ensure a quick and uncomplicated repair. We take care of the complete settlement of the damage, from estimating the amount of the damage to registering with the insurance company and settling the bill. Our replacement cars are ready for you to stay mobile at all times. We count on longstanding, competent partners for bodywork and painting work, vehicle preparation (exterior and interior) and hail and parking dents. Stone chips or cracks in the windshield are not uncommon. With state-of-the-art tools, we exchange glasses gently and efficiently, so that you have a clear view as quickly as possible. In newer vehicles with Eyesight Driving Assistant, high beam and automatic wipers, the calibration of the corresponding sensors after the windshield replacement is a matter of course for us, so that safety and operational readiness of the systems are guaranteed at all times. Accessories No matter whether bike carrier, roof box, rain jacket, T-shirt or Zippo lighter, the Subaru accessories range is extensive and varied. You can find selected items in our show room. Surely there is something for you as well. We are happy to help. Opening times MO-FR: workshop + sales 07.30 - 12.00 13.15 - 17.30 SA: sales by arrangement Directions Contact Dreispitzgarage AG Frauenfelderstrasse 179 CH - 8524 Uesslingen Tel. +41 52 746 13 80 Dreispitzgarage AG © 2020