ch.ch - the Swiss Authorities online - www.ch.ch The Swiss authorities online Jump to content Service A-Z Sitemap defritrmen Contact Search Homepage Work Working hours and absences, minimum wage, references, self-employment Swiss customs Entry, customs formalities when moving to or from Switzerland, clearance of private goods. Coronavirus Information on coronavirus and the current situation in Switzerland (external Link, new window) Democracy From popular votes and initiatives to political parties and the peculiarities of Swiss federalism. Discover the many aspects of the Swiss political system. Driving licence Driving licence, learner’s licence, driving test. Divorce Proceedings, alimony, child custody. Marriage Wedding at the the register office, choice of last name, legal and economic consequences. Naturalisation Regular and simplified naturalisation: requirements, costs, length Holidays abroad Travel documents, customs regulations, health risks, travel information, etc. Minimum wages in Switzerland Are there any provisions for minimum and average wages? Passport and ID card Ordering, validity, loss. OASI (AHV) Number, Card, number, contributions, etc. Speed limits and fines What kind of fines and penalties do I risk to face when I drive over the speed limit? Employment contract Model employment contract, terminating an employment contract, CEA. Tax return Filling out your tax return, salary statement, deducting donations etc. Job reference Am I entitled to a job reference? What information must and can be included? Register unemployment When and how do you need to register with the employment office or RAV? Self-employment Getting started, insurances, occupational pension Rent Tenancy law: renting an apartment, how to go about giving notice, how to deal with rent increases and reductions, etc. Personal liability insurance What does it cover and how does it work? Buying a house or an apartment Financing the purchase, forms of ownership, purchase contract etc. Letter of invitation Letter of invitation, declaration of sponsorship, traveller’s or guest insurance Value Added Tax VAT rate, claiming back, forms Filing a report How to file a criminal complaint. Relations Switzerland - EU Consequences of the Swiss vote on the free movement of persons. (external Link, new window) The Swiss Confederation Order or download here “The Swiss Confederation: a brief guide”. (external Link, new window) Tax return - Requesting an extension How to apply with the cantonal tax authorities for an extension. Health insurance: entitlement to a reduction Where can you apply for a premium reduction? Maternity leave How long is it and how much money do I get during this period? Debt enforcement: register How do I order an extract certificate from the Debt Collection Register? Addresses of administrative authorities Residence permits - Overview and renewal Requesting or renewal of Swiss residence permit. Old age pension OASI (AHV), occupational and private pensions. Work in the administration Are you looking for work in the federal government, cantons, communes? A service of the Confederation, cantons and communes Swiss Confederation Terms and conditions Twitter (external Link, new window) Youtube (external Link, new window) Blog ch.ch (external Link, new window)