The services provided by Ecocar Availability 24 h Free emergency intervention on the accident site with or without tow truck documenting with photos what happened Ergo-dynamic assessment CID predisposition, report and request for damages - expert intervention Courtesy car Pick up and delivery to the home Warranty 1 year Road accident Insurance management with legal assistance. WHO'S WRONG AND WHO'S REASON ??? ISO 9001 certified quality company Ecocar wants to be a customer partner: this means constantly asking yourself what you think and what you want on the other side of the counter; it means asking what are the difficulties and problems to be faced. This is why the service is set on a human scale ... the man who lives today in the Umbria region, with all its peculiarities. For this reason, the approach is the holistic one, of the integrated service ... which ranges from information on regulatory developments to the specific response of particular needs in the bodywork world. At the center of the Ecocar is always man ... Bodywork service Skills and specific knowledge of the staff in all working phases, precision machinery, and a lot of passion, together with the strategy of keeping a small bodywork in order not to increase management costs, giving a service accessible to everyone. "The excellent quality - price ratio is also valued by car amateurs, because they know that Ecocar has always been all about itself by carrying out a service in which the car ... is worth as much as a person !!!" (Mirco Pasticci) For each job, operators fill in an acceptance form, a detailed estimate and a job order sheet, which defines all the needs and all the work phases, including the checks carried out. In this way, the customer is involved in all processes and becomes a partner of Ecocar S.n.c. "women and cars joys and sorrows!!! We must treat them with care and kindness. Repair also has its rules. We are attentive to all details. Sometimes looking at the damage we also notice where it may have come from ... tires incorrectly covered ... parking defects, etc. Maybe because cars are a passion for me ... that's why I try to put my heart into every car we work. " (Mirco Pasticci). Crystal repair and replacement We are a center specialized in crystal repair and replacement. We operate on all cars and are Specialized for damage to the windshield. Charging and sanitizing the air conditioning system with ozone system Car interior washing and safe sanitization with ozone Goodbye to bad odors mites bacteria molds Cleaning of the cockpits carried out with the powerful machines Steam jet allows you to completely remove dirt from seats and carpets. GUARANTEED HYGIENE The ozone treatment is the new patented method to disinfect and deodorize the passenger compartment and the air conditioning system in a natural way, leaving no chemical residues and not just covering odors but eliminating the cause, eliminating them definitively. It is an Extreme-Plus treatment service for the defense of dark paints. NANOTECHNOLOGY - EXTREME PLUS Nano technology: treatment that maintains the shine over time and prevents the formation of stains on the bodywork, protects the surfaces treated over time and prevents residues bird droppings attack paint, protect surfaces from damage caused by solvents, and in coastal areas protect from damage caused by salt, protect treated surfaces from abrasions and fine scratches (washing with rollers). It increases the Gloss degree compared to the original painting, keeping it bright over time. 6 YEAR WARRANTY. For the warranty to be valid, the first post-treatment wash is carried out at our headquarters in specific ways and the car checked after 12 24 36 months from the treatment. This treatment can be applied not only on cars but also on motorcycles. CONTACT US FOR A FREE QUOTE DIRECTLY BY E-MAIL. RCA assistance Ecocar S.n.c. he understands well the difficulties and delays behind the bureaucratic management of the management of relations with insurance companies. It is not always easy to be aware of the latest regulatory developments, understand the individual quibbles and try to make the best use of them to obtain the best possible service in relation to your specific needs. Leandro Fiorucci is support both in the selection of the most suitable insurance policy (s) and in the management of relations with insurance companies in the event of an accident. Ecocar provides its expertise, its relationships, its IT tools to protect the customer and make him aware of his rights and the operating methods implemented to obtain compensation. Furthermore, if desired, Ecocar makes available to the client, lawyers and affiliated professionals who can further support it. Replacement cars How do you stay without a car? It is not always possible. For this reason Ecocar offers its own fleet of replacement cars. In this way the customer can leave his car for repair without having difficulty in managing the normal standard of living. Roadside assistance service La Ecocar S.n.c. it is available 24 hours a day for the emergency service by tow truck. Did you crash? By calling 347.3864693 or 368.3590021 you will be assisted in the management of the accident both as regards the paperwork (correct CID compilation, photographic detection of the incident) and as regards the removal of the vehicle.