mini electric cars and micro urban cars | smart USA How-to-Videos Manuals Service and Maintenance Lifestyle Accessories Recalls Financing Menu Close Let the journey continue. smart cars are no longer sold in the US, but we're keeping owners covered with the resources they need to drive in style. The central hub for all things smart. Access all of your smart resources below, from how-to videos and manuals, to maintenance and recall info. And for quick assistance, contact your local smart dealer. FIND A SERVICE DEALER HOW-TO VIDEOS Your smart car is an incredible machine, which means there's a lot to learn. Watch our how-to videos to get step-by-step instructions on everything from the media and audio systems to the engine itself. BROWSE VIDEOS MANUALS Available for 2008-2018 model years, your smart manual is the ultimate driver's companion. Download your Owner's manual and Warranty manual today, and be covered for whatever comes your way. VIEW MANUALS SERVICE AND MAINTENANCE Maintaining your smart is essential to keeping it running in peak condition. That's why we created a routine checklist for every 10,000 miles, and encourage our owners to schedule service at a certified smart center. LEARN MORE LIFESTYLE ACCESSORIES Wear your smart pride on your sleeve with one-of-a-kind smart accessories. Shop everything from bags and luggage to apparel, travel accessories and more. Plus, you'll enjoy discounted prices on some of our most popular items. SHOP NOW RECALLS At smart, your safety is our number one priority. At any time, you can check to see if there are recalls on your vehicle, and find the proper steps to have the issue resolved. SEARCH RECALLS FINANCING If you financed your vehicle with Mercedes-Benz Financial Services, you can log in anytime to view your account, make payments, get assistance and more. LOG IN Contact CALL US email US find a dealer Owner's Resources How-To Videos Manuals Service & Maintenance Lifestyle Accessories Recalls Financing Company smart Worldwide Privacy Policy © 2020 Mercedes-Benz USA, LLC