Provider / Data protection Go to topMenuburger-iconProvider & Legal Go to topMenuburger-iconforwardBackInstagramYouTubeInternationalProvider / Data protectionProviderLegal notesData protectionCookiesConsumption & emissionsContactMercedes-Benz AGsmartMercedesstraße 12070372 StuttgartNumber: +49 0800 2 77 c 77c in the commercial register at Stuttgart County Court no .: HRB 762873, VAT no .: DE 321281763 represented by the management: Ola Källenius (Chairman), Jörg Burzer, Renata Jungo Brüngger, Sajjad Khan, Sabine Kohlisen, Frank Lindenberg, Markus Schäfer, Britta Seeger; Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Manfred Bischoff Provider Financial Services: Mercedes-Benz Bank AG Siemensstrasse 770469 Stuttgart Phone: +49 711 2574-0 Fax: +49 711 2574-8005E-Mail: kundenservice@mercedes-benz-bank.comrepresented by the management: Benedikt Schell (Chairman), Andreas Berndt, Ilka Fürstenberger, Andree Ohmstedt, Marc Voss-StadlerChairman of the Supe rvisory Board: Peter Zieringerentry in the commercial register at Stuttgart County Court no .: 22 937VAT no .: DE-811 120 989Mercedes-Benz Leasing GmbHSiemensstraße 770469 StuttgartTelephone number: +49 711 2574-0Fax number: +49 711 2574-8005E-Mail: kundenservice @ mercedes-benz-bank.com CopyrightAll rights reserved. All text, images, graphics, sound files, video files and animation files and their arrangement are subject to copyright and other intellectual property laws. They may not be copied, either for commercial purposes or for redistribution, nor may they be modified and used on other websites. Some pages on websites will also include material that is subject to the copyright of those parties who have made such material available. Products and pricesSome products and services may have changed since individual pages on this website were last edited. The manufacturer reserves the right to make changes to the design, form, color and specification during the delivery period, provided these changes, while taking into account our interests, can be deemed reasonable with respect to the customer. The illustrations may show accessories, optional equipment or other features which are not part of the standard specification. Colors may differ slightly from those depicted for technical reasons. Some pages may also feature models and services which are not available in individual countries. Statements regarding legislative, fiscal or other legal regulations and the implications of these are valid only for the Federal Republic of Germany. Subject to any contrary provision in the terms and conditions of sale or delivery, the prices valid on the date of delivery shall apply. For our dealers, the prices are to be considered as the recommended retail price. Please contact a company-owned sales and service outlet or an authorized dealer to find out current prices.TrademarksUnless otherwise stipulated, all brand names featured on the webpages are legally protected trademarks belonging to the Daimler Group. This applies in particular to the model names and all corporate logos and emblems.LicensesWe have sought to bring you an innovative and informative internet site, and we hope that you will be as enthusiastic about our creative effort as we are. We nevertheless hope you will understand that our intellectual property, including patents, brands, labeling rights and copyrights, are protected, and that no licensing rights to this intellectual property can be granted to these internet sites.Forward-looking statements disclaimerThis internet site contains forward -looking statements that reflect our current views about future events. The words 'anticipate', 'assume', 'believe', 'estimate', 'expect', 'intend', 'may / could', 'plan', 'project', 'should' and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements.These statements are subject to many risks and uncertainties, These include: An adverse development of global economic conditions, in particular a decline of demand in our most important sales marketsA deterioration of our refinancing possibilities on the credit and financial marketsUnavoidable events of force majeure including natural disasters, acts of terrorism, political unrest, armed conflicts, industrial accidents and their effects on the sales, purchasing, production or financial services activitiesChanges in currency exchange rates and customs regulationsA shift in consumer preference toward smaller, lower margin vehicles ; or a possible loss of acceptance for our products or services which limits our ability to achieve prices and adequately utilize our production capacities Price increases in fuel or raw materials Disruption of production due to shortages of materials, labor strikes or supplier insolvenciesA decline in resale prices of used vehiclesThe effective implementation of cost-reduction and efficiency-optimization measuresThe business outlook of companies in which we hold a significant equity interestThe successful implementation of strategic cooperations and joint venturesChanges in laws, regulations and government policies, particularly those relating to vehicle emissions, fuel economy and safetyThe resolution of pending governmental investigations or investigations instigated by the government and the conclusion of pending or impending future legal proceedingsAnd other risks and uncertainties, some of which are described under the heading "Risk and Opportunities Report" in the most recent Daiml er Annual Report.If any of these risks and uncertainties materialize, or if the assumptions underlying any of our forward-looking statements prove incorrect, our actual results may be materially different from those we express or imply by such statements. We do not intend or assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as to the circumstances on the date on which it is made.Liability The information provided and the statements made on these pages do not constitute any representation or warranty, either express or implied. In particular such information is not an implied promise or guarantee in respect of quality, marketability, fitness for any particular purpose, or the non-infringement of laws and patents. Our internet pages also contain links to other internet sites. We would like to point out that we have no influence over the design and content of the linked sites. We therefore accept no liability for the accuracy, completeness or quality of the information provided there, nor do we guarantee that it is up to date. Consequently we hereby distance ourselves from all content of such sites. This declaration applies to all links to external sites contained on our internet pages and to the content of such sites. Information relating to online dispute resolution The EU Commission has created an Internet platform for online dispute resolution (so-called "ODR Platform"). The ODR platform is a forum for the out-of-court resolution of contractual disputes relating to products or services bought online. You can access the ODR platform via this link: http: //ec.europa.eu/consumers/odrNote pursuant to Sec. 36 of the German Consumer Dispute Resolution Act (VSBG) We will not participate in an alternative dispute resolution process before a consumer arbitration panel as defined in the VSBG, nor are we obligated to do so. Order of Precedence The Terms of Use for a Digital Offering take precedence over these legal notices.This is the International website of Mercedes-Benz AG. Visitors from the U.S., please visit our U.S. website www.smartusa.com. Controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) is: Mercedes-Benz AGsmartMercedesstraße 12070372 StuttgartPhone: 00800 2 77 77 777E-Mail: cs.deu.smart@cac.smart.comData Protection Officer: Daimler AG Chief Officer Corporate Data ProtectionHPC E600D-70546 StuttgartGermanyE-Mail: data.protection@daimler.com 1 Data protectionWe are pleased about your visit on our web pages and your interest in our offers. The protection of your personal data is an important concern for us. In these Privacy Statement we explain how we collect your personal data, what we do with it, for what purposes and on what legal basis this is done, and which rights and claims are associated with it for you. In addition, we refer to the Daimler Data Protection Policy: Daimler Data Protection Policy.Our Privacy Statement for the use of our websites and the Data Protection Policy of Daimler AG do not apply to your activities on the websites of social networks or other providers that you can reach via the links on our websites. Please check the websites of these providers for their data protection regulations. 2 Collection and processing of your personal dataa. When you visit our website, we store certain information about the browser and operating system you use, the date and time of your visit, the access status (eg whether you were able to access a website or received an error message), the use of website functions, the search terms you may have entered, the frequency with which you access individual websites, the designation of files accessed, the amount of data transferred, the website from which you accessed our websites and the website which you visit from our websites, either by clicking on links on our websites or by entering a do-main directly in the input field of the same tab (or the same window) of your browser in which you opened our websites. We also store your IP address and the name of your Internet service provider for seven days for security reasons, in particular to prevent and detect attacks on our websites or attempts at fraud.b. We only store other personal data if you provide this data, e.g. as part of a registration, a contact form, a survey, a price competition or for the execution of a contract, and even in these cases only insofar as this is permitted to us on the basis of a consent given by you or in accordance with the applicable legal provisions (further information on this can be found below in the section "Legal basis of processing"). c. You are not legally or contractually obliged to make available your personal data. However, it is possible that certain functions of our websites depend on the availability of personal data. If you do not make available personal data in these cases, this may result in functions not being available or only being available to a limited extent. 3 Purposes of usea. We use the personal data collected when you visit our website in order to operate it in the most convenient manner for your use and to protect our IT systems from attacks and other illegal activities.b. If you provide us with further personal data, e.g. within the scope of a registration, a contact form, a survey, a price competition or for the execution of a contract, we use this data for the purposes mentioned, for the purposes of customer administration and - if necessary - for the purposes of processing and accounting of any business transactions, in each case to the extent required for this. 4 Transfer of personal data to third parties; social plug-ins; Use of service providers. Our websites may also contain offers of third parties. If you click on such an offer, we transfer data to the respective provider to the required extent (e.g. information that you have found this offer with us and, if applicable, further information that you have already provided on our websites for this purpose). b. When we use social plug-ins on our websites from social networks such as Facebook, Twitter and Google+, we integrate them as follows: When you visit our websites, the social plug-ins are deactivated, i.e. no data is transmitted to the operators of these networks. If you want to use one of the networks, click on the respective social plug-in to establish a direct connection to the server of the respective network. If you have a user account on the network and are logged in when you activate the social plug -in, the network can associate your visit to our websites with your user account. If you want to avoid this, please log out of the network before activating the social plug-in. A social network cannot associate a visit to other Daimler websites until you have activated an existing social plug-in. When you activate a social plug-in, the network transfers the content that becomes available directly to your browser, which integrates it into our websites . In this situation, data transmissions can also take place that are initiated and controlled by the respective social network. Your connection to a social network, the data transfers taking place between the network and your system, and your interactions on that platform are governed sole-ly by the privacy policies of that network. The social plug-in remains active until you deactivate it or delete your cookies.Cookie Statementc. If you click on the link to an offer or activate a social plug-in, personal data may reach providers in countries outside the European Economic Area that, from the point of view of the European Union ("EU"), may not guarantee an "adequate level of protection" for the processing of personal data in accordance with EU standards. Please remember this fact before clicking on a link or activating a social plug-in and thereby triggering a transfer of your data.d. We also use qualified service providers (IT service providers, mar-keting agencies) to operate, optimize and secure our websites. We only pass on personal data to the latter insofar as this is necessary for the provision and use of the website and its functionalities, for the pursuit of legitimate interests or insofar as you have consented there to (see Section 8). Data may be transmitted to recipients outside the European Economic Area; please refer to section 12 below. 5 Evaluation of use data ("tracking") and use-based information ("(re-) targeting") 5.1 General We want the content of our websites to match your preferences as closely as possible, thereby improving what we offer you. To recognize use preferences and particularly popular areas of the websites, we use the following tracking technologies: We use so-called targeting and retargeting technologies in order to tailor our online marketing (e.g. banner ads) more specifically to your needs and interests. Adobe Target, Flashtalking by Simplicity Marketing Limited, Google Search Ad, Google Display & Video 360. These are monitored and used when you visit other websites that work together with the providers of these (re-) targeting technologies, so as to inform you while meeting your interests as closely as possible. When the above technologies are used, cookies on our websites and (in the case of retargeting) on ​​the websites of others register your interest in our products and services. In the process, random identifiers (so-called cookie IDs) are used which are not brought into connection with your name, your address or similar information, even if this information is known to us (eg from an existing contractual relationship), unless you have consented to this. Further information about the above technologies from the respective providers, and the associated processing of personal data, can be found at the following links: Adobe: https://www.adobe.com/privacy.htmlGoogle: https://policies.google .com / technologies / partner-sites Simplicity Marketing Limited: https://www.flashtalking.com/privacypolicyFor legal reasons, the use of tracking and (re-) targeting technologies is sometimes only possible with your express consent (so-called opt -In - see section 5.2); in the other cases you can object to the use of such technologies if you wish (so-called opt-out - see section 5.3.). 5.2 Use of Google marketing products - Opt-inWe only use Google marketing products (eg Search Ad, Display & Video 360) with your express consent, which you can grant by clicking-ing on the "Agree" button in the so-called Cookie Information Layer ("Opt-in"). We store this consent in a cookie on your device so that you are not asked for consent again each time you visit our web-sites, and for legal reasons, also on our servers with the IP address and a time stamp; we delete this information or restrict its processing if you withdraw your consent or 6 months at the latest after your last visit to our websites. Should you change your mind at any time, you can withdraw your consent by clicking on the following link: Withdraw consent to Google marketing productsTo delete cookies inserted with your consent when visiting our websites after your consent to Google marketing products is withdrawn, please visit the Google websites; at the time when these data protection notes were compiled, the following link can be used for this: https://adssettings.google.com/anonymous5.3 Use of technologies by other providers - Opt-out If you do not wish us to use the above tracking and (re-) targeting tools to collect and analyze information about your visit to our web-sites, you can permanently object to the practice ("opt out") at any time.We will comply with your objection by placing an opt-out cookie in your browser. This cookie will only indicate that you have opted out. Please note that for technical reasons, an opt-out cookie affects only the browser in which it has been installed. If you delete the cookie or use a different browser or device, you will need to opt out again. The following are the respective opt-out options for the individual technologies: Adobe Analytics & Adobe Target: https://www.adobe.com /privacy/opt-out.htmlFlashtalking: https://www.flashtalking.com/optout/You can manage and deactivate the use of cookies and interest-related information by third parties at the following website: http: //www.youronlinechoices .com / 5.4 Data transmission to so-called third countries When using tracking and (re) targeting technologies, data may be transmitted to recipients outside the European Economic Area; please see section12 below. 6 Security We use technical and organizational security measures to protect your data managed by us against manipulation, loss, destruction and against access by unauthorized persons. We are constantly improving our security measures in line with technological developments. 7 Legal bases of processing a. Insofar as you have given us your consent for the processing of your personal data, that consent is the legal basis for the processing (Art. 6 para. 1 letter a GDPR) .b. For the processing of personal data for the purposes of initiating or fulfilling a contract with you, Art. 6 para. 1 letter b GDPR is the legal basis.c. Insofar as the processing of your personal data is necessary for the fulfillment of our legal obligations (e.g. for the retention of data), we are authorized to do so pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 letter c GDPR.d. Furthermore, we process personal information for purposes of protecting our legitimate interests as well as the interests of third parties in accordance with Art. 6, para. 1, letter f of the GDPR. Examples of such legitimate interests include maintaining the functionality of our IT systems as well as the (direct) marketing of our products and services and those of third parties and the legally required documentation of business contacts. As part of the consideration of interests required in each case, we take into account various aspects, in particular the type of personal information, the purpose of processing, the circumstances of processing and your interest in the confidentiality of your personal information. 8 Deletion of your personal dataYour IP address and the name of your Internet service provider, which we store for security reasons, are deleted after seven days. Furthermore, we delete your personal information as soon as the purpose for which it was collected and processed has been fulfilled. Beyond this time period, data storage only takes place to the extent made necessary by the legislation, regulations or other legal provisions to which we are subject in the EU or by legal provisions in third-party countries if these have an appropriate level of data protection . Should it not be possible to delete data in individual cases, the relevant personal data are flagged to restrict their further processing. 9 Rights of the data subjecta. As a data subject, you have the right of access (Art. 15 GDPR), right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR), right to erasure (Art. 17 GDPR), right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR) and right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR) .b. If you have consented to the processing of your personal data by us, you have the right to revoke your consent at any time. The legality of processing your personal data before revocation remains unaffected. We may further process such data pursuant to another applicable legal basis, e.g. for the fulfillment of our legal obligations (cf. section "Legal bases of processing"). c. Right to object You have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 letter e GDPR (data processing in the public interest) or Art. 6 para. 1 letter f GDPR (data processing on the basis of a balance of interests) on grounds relating to your particular situation. If you object, we will only process your personal data if we can prove compelling legitimate reasons that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.d. We ask you to address your claims or declarations to the following contact address if possible: cs.deu.smart@cac.smart.com.e. If you believe that the processing of your personal data violates legal requirements, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent data protection supervisory authority (Art. 77 GDPR). 10 Newsletter If you subscribe to a newsletter offered on our website, the data provided in the newsletter subscription will only be used for sending the newsletter, unless you agree to further use. You can unsubscribe at any time using the unsubscribe option provided in the newsletter. 11 Central Access Service of Daimler AG With the central access service of Daimler AG you can register for all websites and applications of Daimler Group and its brands that are connected to that service. The terms and conditions of use of the central access service of Daimler AG can be called up under the following link: Terms of Use of the Central Access Service of Daimler AG 12 Data transmission to recipients outside the European Economic Areaa. When using service providers (see section 4. d.), Tracking and (re-) targeting (see section 5), personal data may be provided to recipients in countries outside the European Union ("EU"), Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway (= European Economic Area) are transferred and processed there, in particular USA, India.b. In the following countries, from the EU's point of view, there is an adequate level of personal data protection (so-called "adequacy"), in compliance with EU standards: Andorra, Argentina, Canada (limited), Faroe Islands, Guernsey, Israel, Isle of Man, Japan, Jersey, New Zealand, Switzerland, Uruguay. We agree with recipients in other countries on the use of EU standard contractual clauses, binding corporate regulations or EU-U. S. or Swiss-U. S. Privacy Shield to create an "adequate level of protection" according to legal requirements. For more information, please use the contact details given in section 9.d. above. 13 CookiesInformation on the cookies we use and their functions can be found in our Cookie Statement.Cookie Statement Last update: August 2019 Information on the use of cookies, the analysis of usage data and the deployment of analysis toolsWe, Mercedes-Benz AG, smart , Mercedesstraße 120, 70372 Stuttgart, Germany, use cookies and similar software tools such as Web / DOM Storage or local shared objects (referred to collectively as "cookies") to identify your interests in using the sites and particularly popular areas of our websites and to subsequently improve the design of our websites and make them even more user-friendly on the basis of this information. Further information about the function, use and purpose of cookies can be found below. Supplementary information about the handling of personal data, also in cookies, can be found in our data protection notes (specifically in sections 3, 4 and 5). Data protection informationFunctions and use of cookiesa. Cookies are small files which are stored on your desktop, notebook or mobile device by a website which you visit. They enable us to recognize whether contact has already taken place between your device and our websites, for example, or which language or other settings you prefer. Cookies may also contain personal data.b. If you use our websites, you consent to the use of cookies - with the exception of cookies for Google marketing products.Cookies for Google marketing products (e.g. Google Search Ads, Google Display & Video 360) are only used with your express consent. You can also visit our websites without consenting to the use of cookies by such use. In other words, you can reject the use of cookies and delete them at any time by making the appropriate settings to your device. This takes place as follows: i. Most browsers are set to accept cookies automatically by default; you are usually able to alter this setting. You can delete stored cookies at any time. The manufacturer's instructions will tell you how this is done in the browser or device you use.ii. You can delete the content of Web / DOM Storage at any time. The manufacturer's instructions will tell you how this is done in the browser or device you use.iii. Information on deactivating and deleting local shared objects can be found at the following link: Information on the deactivation of local shared objectsiv. The same rules that apply to the use of cookies also apply to rejecting or deleting them. The procedure is tied to the device being used as well as the browser being used with that device. In other words, you will need to reject or delete the cookies separately for each of your devices and each browser if you use more than one.c. If you opt out of the use of cookies, you may not be able to use all the features of our websites, or individual features may be available with limited functionality only.d. We categorize cookies as follows: i. Essential cookies (type 1) These cookies are essential for websites and their features to work properly. Without these cookies, we would not be able to provide you with services such as the vehicle configuration.ii. Functional cookies (type 2) These cookies enable us to improve the usability and performance of our websites. For example, we store your language settings in functional cookies.iii. Performance cookies (type 3) These cookies collect information about how you use our websites. They help us to identify which parts of our websites are especially popular, enabling us to improve what we offer you (so-called tracking). Further information about this can be found in section 5 of our data protection notes.iv. Third-party cookies (type 4) These cookies are used by third parties - for example social networks such as Facebook, Twitter and Google+. You can integrate their contents by using the social plugins offered through our websites. They are also used by our targeting and retargeting partners, with the aid of whom we tailor our online marketing more specifically to your specific needs and interests. Further information about this can be found in sections 4 and 5 of our data protection notes.Data protection informationWe use the following cookies on our website: NameDescriptionTypeamcv_ * Stores the unique visitor IDs used by Experience Cloud Solutions.3sgvocsrefSaves the campaign parameter csref to avoid double counts - for the duration of the visit to the website.3sgvopidSaves the campaign parameter pid to avoid double counts - for the duration of the visit to the website.3sgvov * Saves various parameters / values ​​used in the tracking to avoid double counts - for the duration of the visit to the website.3sgvoc * Saves various parameters / values ​​used in the tracking to avoid double counts - for the duration of the visit to the website.3sgapvv * Saves various parameters / values ​​used in the tracking to maintain this value - for the duration of the visit to the website.3sgapvc * Saves various parameters / values ​​used in the tracking to maintain this value - for the duration of the visit to the websit e.3sgapvcsrefSaves the csref parameter maintain this value - for the duration of the visit to the website.3s_gpv * Saves various parameters / values ​​used in the tracking to maintain this value - for the duration of the visit to the website.3s_visitSaves a value to indicate the visit start of the user.3s_getNewRepeatSaves a value to indicate whether or not the user visited the site before.3s_ccThis cookie is set and read by the JavaScript code to determine if cookies are enabled (simply set to "True") 3s_sqThis cookie is set and read by the JavaScript code when the ClickMap functionality and the Activity Map functionality are enabled; it contains information about the previous link that was clicked on by the user3s_viUnique visitor ID time / date stamp3s_fidFallback unique visitor ID time / date stamp3omniture_optoutThese cookies store information on whether it is permissible to analyze the visitor's user behavior.4mboxThis Cookie from Adobe Target collects information about your website behavior. The data is used for website optimization and to offer you the most relevant website content on our website2flashtalkingad1This cookie carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website.3 Last update : August 2019 WLTPThe new procedure for consumption and emissions tests - WLTP (Worldwide Harmonized Light-Duty Vehicles Test Procedure) - ensures greater transparency and will gradually replace the NEDC (New European Driving Cycle). The WLTP is to become statutory for all EU member states - other countries are to consider its introduction in due course. Explanation regarding WLTP and NEDC The WLTP was introduced on 1 September 2017. This new procedure for consumption and emissions tests is designed to deliver test results that more accurately reflect real driving behavior than the previous NEDC. Since September 2017, all newly developed vehicles and vehicles with new powertrains have been certified under WLTP. From September 2018, the WLTP will then apply to all other newly registered vehicles. Accordingly, smart will switch to certifying its passenger car portfolio in accordance with WLTP by August 2018. In the transitional period, vehicles with WLTP and NEDC certification will be simultaneously available. In addition, there will be an NEDC consumption figure that is based on the WLTP and which will also be higher. This will be included in sales literature until 2020.Comparison of WLTP and NEDC WLTPNEDCInitial temperaturecoldcoldCycle duration1800 s 1180 s Stationary time242 s 267 s Percentage time stationary13.4% 22.6% Distance23,262 m 10,931 m Maximum speed131.3 km/h 120 km/h Average speed 46.5 km/h 33.35 km/h Optional equipment of the individual model is taken into account with regard to weight, aerodynamics, rolling resistance, demand for vehicle's electrical system; without air conditioning does not receive consideration, apart from tyres; without air conditioning Temperature23°C 25 +/- 5°C What does this mean for me as a customer?Introduction of the WLTP (Worldwide Harmonized Light Vehicle Test Procedure) provides for greater transparency with regard to fuel consumption. Customers will benefit from the WLTP because it provides a more realistic yardstick for comparing the consumption and emissions figures of different vehicle models. However, the new test conditions will also mean changes in the CO2 and consumption figures: For process-related reasons, technically the same vehicle will have numerically higher CO2 and consumption figures under WLTP than under NEDC (New European Driving Cycle). This is due to more stringent conditions in the new cycle and the fact that optional equipment is taken into consideration, for example.The WLTP delivers exact figures.As the WLTP takes the vehicle's individual equipment into consideration, the figures are more exact than in the NEDC, and essentially constitute to vehicle-specific results. Everyday consumption will remain unchanged.From September 2017, a new procedure for consumption and emissions tests is being introduced in the automotive industry; all newly certified vehicle models will be tested under WLTP. At the same time, the NEDC consumption figures will continue to be calculated and shown as the only valid consumption figures in promotional materials.smart will be phasing in WLTP certification of its portfolio up to September 2018. From that date, it is likely that the new WLTP figures will be shown in all sales documents and other publications. NEDC consumption will be shown for discontinued models.Introduction of the WLTP cycle.The WLTP is intended to establish the worldwide harmonisation of test procedures. It is designed to deliver test results that more accurately reflect real driving behaviour than the NEDC procedure. Used vehicles will not be affected by this changeover and will keep their certified NEDC figures. Until at least the end of 2020, both WLTP and NEDC figures will be calculated for all vehicles. These figures will be included side by side in the vehicle documents with effect from the respective vehicle certification date. From 2021, the measured WLTP figures will be the only consumption and emissions figures for all passenger cars, providing each EU member state has adapted its tax system. The actual test phases of the WLTP are abbreviated to WLTC which, in turn, is divided into three classes. Almost every passenger car will be tested under WLTC Class 3 (Worldwide Harmonized Light-Duty Vehicles Test Cycle), which covers all passenger cars with a power/weight ratio of more than 34 kW/t (46 hp/t kerb weight).WLTP: greater transparency.The WLTP provides smart customers with vehicle-specific consumption figures which are more realistic and more transparent. While cross-manufacturer and cross-model comparability is retained, the measured consumption figures are a more accurate reflection of everyday driving and take more factors into consideration than the NEDC. smart is an advocate of both new, more realistic laboratory testing and on-road measurements. This ensures greater clarity, transparency and certainty for smart customers. The introduction of WLTP and RDE (Real Driving Emissions) marks an important step in this direction.What does this mean for customers?In future, customers will be able to establish the CO2 figure for their vehicle model more accurately than has been possible to date, by selecting the relevant optional equipment. To ensure clarity and maximum possible transparency, smart will actively follow the introduction phases of the WLTP and provide dealers and customers with targeted information. This will also include a new form of information based on equipment specification: from the model with the lowest energy consumption to the version with the highest energy consumption. In numerical terms, this spread ranges from "WLTP Low" (minimum scope of optional equipment) to "WLTP High" (maximum scope of optional equipment).How to obtain your RDE results.Find out about your vehicle's emissions under real-life conditions.The term "Real Driving Emissions" (RDE) denotes the real-life exhaust emissions of cars, trucks and buses in everyday use. To date, exhaust emissions measurements for type approval have taken place exclusively on dynamometers. When the RDE (EU) 427/2016 legislation came into force in March 2016, it also became necessary to measure emissions under real-life driving conditions within defined parameters. Together with the RDE limits for the real-life operation of vehicles which have been mandatory since September 2017, this represents an important step towards a cleaner, low-emission future for the automobile.The RDE results for our smart vehicles, which have been obtained both by us as the manufacturer and by independent, certified technical services, can be requested here, specifying your smart vehicle's PEMS test family (https://www.acea.be/publications/article/access-to-euro-6-rde-monitoring-data).The WLTP measurements for the smart models.Model seriesCO2 emissions, min. (combined)CO2 emissions, max. (combined)Min. rangeMax. rangeMin. power consumptionMax. power consumptionsmart fortwo 52 kW131 g/km [1] 142 g/km [1]     smart fortwo 66 kW128 g/km [1] 139 g/km [1]     smart EQ fortwo0 g/km [1] 0 g/km [1] 111 km [1] 133 km [1] 16.1 kWh/100 km[1] 25.0 kWh/100 km[1] smart fortwo cabrio 52 kW135 g/km [1] 145 g/km [1]     smart fortwo cabrio 66 kW132 g/km [1] 145 g/km [1]     smart EQ fortwo cabrio0 g/km [1] 0 g/km [1] 111 km [1] 130 km [1] 16.5 kWh/100 km[1] 25.2 kWh/100 km[1] smart forfour 52 kW135 g/km [1] 145 g/km [1]     smart forfour 66 kW132 g/km [1] 139 g/km [1]     smart EQ forfour0 g/km [1] 0 g/km [1] 107 km [1] 130 km [1] 16.5 kWh/100 km[1] 25.9 kWh/100 km[1]  Frequently asked questions. What is WLTP?The abbreviation WLTP stands for Worldwide Harmonized Light-Duty Vehicle Test Procedure. This is a test procedure which assesses a vehicle's consumption and emission levels on a roller dynamometer. Phase-in of the WLTP has been underway since 1 September 2017. It is replacing the previous NEDC test procedure.The dynamic character of the WLTP means that it comes markedly closer to real-life driving than was previously the case. The WLTP is characterised by significantly higher acceleration events and by a considerably more dynamic driving profile. The maximum speed is raised to 131 km/h and the average speed rises to 47 km/h.The driving time is extended by 10 minutes, the share of motorway trips simulated on the roller dynamometer is higher and stationary time is shortened. The distance covered is doubled to 23 kilometres.The shift points are calculated in advance and are specific to the vehicle and its powertrain. All optional equipment with an influence on vehicle aerodynamics, rolling resistance and vehicle mass will in future be factored into the measurement. The power consumption of comfort/convenience functions will likewise lead to a higher CO2 figure. The only exception in the first stage of the WLTP is the air conditioning. With the WLTP, the goal is to introduce a globally binding standard.The EU countries are leading the way here. This will help to compare the fuel consumption and pollutant emissions of vehicles from different manufacturers. The standards will additionally help authorities to verify compliance with the statutory emission limits – from hydrocarbons (HC) through carbon monoxide (CO) and nitrogen oxides to particulate matte.What is WLTC?The WLTP driving cycles are referred to as WLTCs – Worldwide Harmonized Light-Duty Vehicles Test Cycles. For different vehicle classes, the WLTP has three different driving cycles that take the particular power/weight ratio into consideration. The majority of passenger cars registered in the EU will be assigned to WLTC Class 3, which covers a power/weight ratio of more kW/t (34 46 hp/t). The test cycle for Class 3 vehicles consists of four parts – Low, Medium, High, Extra High. These simulate driving in an urban and extra-urban environment, on expressways and on motorways.What is NEDC?The NEDC (New European Driving Cycle) is the currently valid test cycle for passenger cars. The first European driving cycle came into effect in 1970 with the goal of providing customers with comparable and reproducible figures across all manufacturers. In 1992, the NEDC was extended beyond urban traffic. At 34 km/h, the average speed in the NEDC is low, as are the acceleration events and maximum speed of 120 km/h. The composition of the cycle no longer corresponds to the current average breakdown of different types of roads covered on journeys.p>The measurements do not give any consideration to aerodynamics and weight aspects or the energy consumption of additional equipment and comfort features such as air conditioning, radio or seat heaters. There are also technological parameters which tend to cause discrepancies.The start/stop technology has a relatively large influence in the NEDC, for example, because the NEDC includes a high share of stationary time. the case of vehicles with manual transmission, vehicle-specific parameters are not taken into consideration when the shift points are calculated.This can lead to major deviations from real-life consumption levels. In the face of ongoing technical progress, the NEDC is now outdated.What is RDE?RDE stands for Real Driving Emissions and is a road test for assessing pollutant emissions. It describes a vehicle's emissions under real on-road conditions. To date, exhaust emissions measurements for type approval have taken place exclusively on dynamometers. With effect from March 2016, emissions must also be measured within a defined framework under real driving conditions. APEMS (Portable Emissions Measurement System) is used to measure nitrogen oxide (NOx) and carbon monoxide (CO) emissions. Particulate emissions are also to be assessed in due course. There is no set cycle; driving and measuring take place in real everyday traffic in compliance with road traffic regulations. The vehicles are driven on public roads for between 90 and 120 minutes, spending one third of this time on urban roads, extra-urban roads and motorways respectively. An average speed of between 15 and 30 km/h is specified for city driving, while the speed on motorways is to be at 90 and at least 110 but no higher 145 km/h. The outside temperature must be between 0 and 30 °C, the air conditioning is to be on.The test drive must not take place at over 700 metres above sea level and must not involve a difference in altitude of more than 100 metres. Since September 2017, compliance with the Euro 6 emissions limits has been compulsory in the RDE road tests. This has initially applied since 1 September 2017 to newly certified models and will apply to all models as of 1 September 2019 at the latest. Mercedes-Benz AG Got any questions or need any more information? Then get in touch with one of our customer advisors. Feel free to contact our call centre on 00800-277 77 777 (charges for calls from mobile networks may vary).smartThis is the International website of Mercedes-Benz AG. Visitors from the U.S., please visit our U.S. website www.smartusa.com.ProviderCookiesData protectionConsumption & emissionsLegal notesContactInternational© 2019[1] The specified values were determined according to the prescribed measuring procedure. The power consumption was determined on the basis of Regulation 692/2008/EC. Power consumption and range depend on the vehicle configuration. More information on the official fuel consumption and specific CO2 emissions of new cars is contained in the "Guide to the fuel consumption and CO₂ emissions of new cars", which is available free of charge at all points of sale and from Deutsche Automobil Treuhand GmbH at www.dat.de.