IVECO welcomes toll exemption for natural gas vehicles in Germany BTC By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies. OK 24/24 SERVICE T: (+ 32) 2 481 51 71 IVECO welcomes toll exemption for natural gas vehicles in Germany which will accelerate the transition to green logistics across Europe The German Parliament has adopted a resolution to convert compressed and liquefied natural gas vehicles ( CNG and LNG) from the toll from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2020. The toll exemption also has a positive impact beyond German borders due to the country's central position on the main European long-haul routes. IVECO welcomes the toll exemption because of the impetus it will give to the transition of the transport sector to alternative vehicles with natural gas, which will provide financial benefits on top of the environmental benefits. IVECO participates in the inauguration of a new LNG station in Bolzano, on the Brennero route between Italy, Austria and Germany, and supplies FERCAM, a leading logistics company active in Italy and Germany, with the first LNG truck in their fleet. The German Federal Parliament has approved the resolution to exempt alternative natural gas vehicles over 7.5 tons from the motorway toll from 1 January 2019 for an initial period of 2 years. This means that natural gas fleets will enjoy the same benefits as electric vehicles. This exemption, along with the subsidies announced on the purchase of natural gas vehicles (€ 12,000 for LNG and € 8,000 for CNG vehicles) announced in July, further increases the financial benefits of these sustainable trucks for German logistics operators, with savings of 9.3 up to 18.7 cents per kilometer depending on the weight category. Pierre Lahutte, IVECO brand president stated, “Less than a month after IVECO made history at the Hanover IAA 2018 show with its zero-diesel booth showing that it can offer a full electric, CNG and LNG drivetrain alternative, the German approved Parliament has approved the toll exemption for CNG and LNG trucks. This is in addition to the subsidies already announced in June to support the purchase of these vehicles. Germany is at the crossroads of European logistics, and this decisive step by the government will drastically accelerate the penetration of alternative natural gas engines on the continent. The impact will be enormous. Today we are in Bolzano for the inauguration of a new LNG station on the Brennero route connecting Italy, Austria and Germany, where we deliver FERCAM, a leading logistics company in Italy and Germany, their first LNG truck! ". IVECO welcomes this resolution, which confirms its long-term vision for sustainable transportation that views natural gas as the mature technology. As a result of more than 20 years of experience in developing and supporting natural gas vehicles, IVECO is today a leader with a complete range of CNG and LNG vehicles, ranging from the Daily NP light commercial vehicle to the first true long-distance truck, the Stralis NP offers the best performance and comfort benefits, along with the environmental and economic benefits of natural gas, with autonomy of up to 1,600 km: the perfect solution to take full advantage of the new subsidies and exemptions. LNG and CNG trucks that can meet the specific requirements of almost all sectors - from low-deck forwarders with the Stralis NP to logistics companies working at all distances: from the 206 hp Eurocargo NP for urban and interurban missions to a 330 hp, 400 hp or 460 hp Stralis NP for long-distance transport. These vehicles deliver the full environmental benefits of natural gas, the cleanest fossil fuel: they generate 90% less NO2, 99% less particulate matter, and, with biomethane, 95% less CO2 than their diesel equivalent. In addition, natural gas provides the opportunity for a seamless transition to a circular economy approach based on the generation of energy from organic or agricultural waste, capable of achieving even negative greenhouse gas emissions and carbon sequestration, as it depends on natural carbon / organic cycle. Liquid fertilizer biomethane could even deliver up to 182% CO2 savings over conventional fuel. Natural gas vehicles also have the advantage of extremely quiet operation. IVECO's Natural Power technology, based on the Otto process, achieves noise levels below the diesel equivalent, giving logistics operators a competitive advantage for urban and overnight deliveries. Search Search for: Recent Posts Open days BTC IVECO welcomes toll exemption for natural gas vehicles in Germany Daily: 40 Years of Award Winning Success At Intermat Paris Transport Jacky Perrenot signs supply agreement for 6 Stralis X-WAY NP's IVECO shows full range of natural gas at TEN-T Days 2018 the conference on sustainable mobility that the European Commission promotes Recent Comments Archives November 2019 December 2018 June 2018 April 2017 February 2017 Categories News Meta Log in Messages feed Comments feed WordPress.org © 2020 | Brussels Truck Center | Zone Maalbeek: Rijshout, 1702 Groot-Bijgaarden | T: 02/481 51 71 | F: 02/481 51 70 | BE 0464.896.155 | M: info@btciveco.eu