Service | BTC By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies. OK 24/24 SERVICE (+32) 2 481 51 71 Home Company About us Team Photos Products Daily Eurocargo S-WAY OK Trucks Service News Promotions Jobs Contact Dutch French English Warehouse and workshop The care of your commercial vehicle / bus is only taken care of trained technicians entrusted. Our pursuit of perfection guarantees a minimal amount of time for the repair. That is why it is important that our employees are technically up to date. Constant education and further training is a basic concept. Suitable test equipment is indispensable for correct diagnosis and maintenance. Our workshop is therefore equipped with the latest equipment, including the Easy diagnostic device, a brake test bench, tacho bench, etc. We therefore guarantee the maintenance / repair of the entire Iveco range. Van, Truck, Tractor, Line Bus, Coach. Our original parts answer your needs for both older and new vehicles. It is the best choice in terms of quality, warranty and maintenance. In addition, we have a varied range of tailor-made accessories that can offer you more comfort, safety and efficiency. We therefore always have the most common parts for both Bus and Truck. We can also count on the stock of Iveco's central warehouses, where the parts are delivered overnight. In addition to the new and original parts, we also have an exchange range (Reman) available. Reman parts are original parts with the same benefits and warranty as new. The ideal offer for vehicle repairs, if we take the budget and the environment into account. Van older than 6 years? Then we can also offer you alternative solutions. = Value Line. With Value Line, we have the opportunity to keep your old vehicles in optimum condition, while keeping the residual value of the vehicle, cost-effective. Taking into account high quality standards and safety. As a recognized repair point for Dhollandia loading bridges, we also guarantee these repairs and of course we have the necessary spare parts. Dhollandia tail lifts and lifts are distributed in more than 50 countries worldwide, through a dedicated and professional network. Of course you can contact us with your towed equipment because we also deliver a full-service package for your trailers and semi-trailers. For years we have been recognized as an installer of both analog and digital tachographs, as well as for calibrating speed limitation devices. Our workshop is equipped with the necessary equipment to check and / or refill the air conditioning of your vehicle. The air conditioner not only provides cold air, but also controls the temperature, humidity and purity of the air in your vehicle. A question about mobile communication, car audio, navigation systems, blind spot cameras, etc., we are happy to help you. 24-hour service; Outside our long opening hours, you can always count on our 24-hour service, even on Sundays and public holidays. With IVECO Assistance Non-Stop, you can count on support around the clock to keep your business running and downtime to a minimum. Bad luck? Technical problems? Just call our number. Elements. Maintenance and repair contracts, extended warranties. Personalize your service. Keeping your vehicle in optimal condition improves your performance on the road and reduces the chance of stoppages. In order to provide you with the service you need, we can develop a range of customized service programs tailored to your needs. © 2017 | Brussels Truck Center | Zone Maalbeek: Rijshout, 1702 Groot-Bijgaarden | T: 02/481 51 71 | F: 02/481 51 70 | BE 0464.896.155 | M: info@btciveco.eu