AUTOMOVILES A. MARIN E HIJOS - Autofit Home Official LPG Review Let nothing stop you Find your workshop Offers Blog Tips Contact Access Softfit AUTOMOVILES A. MARIN E HIJOS Cami de Sant Adria, 13 | 08107 - Martorelles | Barcelona 935643758 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn WhatsApp Maintenance Services General mechanics Sheet metal and paint Moons Tires Veh. replacement Rapid bodywork Rapid mechanics Pre ITV Diesel injection Air conditioningImages Location Cami de Sant Adria, 13 | 08107 - Martorelles | Barcelona How to get there Contact In compliance with the provisions of the RGPD, on the Protection of Personal Data, you are informed that the personal data you provide will be collected in a file whose manager is Comercial Impormovil, S.A. The client may exercise their right of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition to the processing of their personal data, under the terms and conditions set forth in the Organic Law on Data Protection by contacting the following address: Comercial Impormovil SA, Avda. De la Industria 25, 28760 Tres Cantos, Madrid. Comercial Impormovil S.A. undertakes to fulfill its duty of secrecy with respect to personal data contained in the file and guarantees the adoption of the security measures legally required to ensure the confidentiality of such data. Read our privacy policy. You consent, by checking this box, the receipt of informative and promotional communications related to our business. Autofit, competence, personality, confidence Network of multi-brand specialist workshops. Find your workshop Promotions AutofitThe most readtraffic accidents oil air conditioning shock absorbers Autogas battery breakdowns Fuels road bodywork sheet metal and paint car Pollution DGT brake discs clutch headlights filters brakes LPG lighting technical inspection ITV lights brake fluid car maintenance car maintenance engine environment fine tires brake pads review car overhaul safety road safety cooling system suspension workshop workshop mechanic transmission speed summer visibilityOn our BlogDo you know what preventive maintenance is for your car? Do you regularly check your car tires? Not all drivers do it.Can you use the car during the coronavirus alarm state? Sheet metal blows: when does your car look like a magnet? The reasons why your diesel car can increase its consumption Contact Avda. De Industria, 25 | 28760 Tres Cantos 91 804 49 12 info@autofit-spain.es Newsletter Legal notice | Data protection | Cookies policy