Sheet metal bumps: when does your car look like a magnet? - Autofit Home Official LPG Review Let nothing stop you Find your workshop Offers Blog Tips Contact Access Softfit Sheet metal beats: when does your car look like a magnet? Home Autofit - BlogStrokes: When does your car look like a magnet? Do you remember the last time you suffered a sheet metal blow with your car? Did you have to go through the workshop? Remember that Autofit workshops also provide solutions to any problem that may arise in the sheet metal and paint of your vehicle. Minor traffic accidents or sheet metal blows are typical of urban traffic and constitute a magnitude that reflects the economic situation of a country. Do you know why? In boom times there are more collisions because there are more vehicles on the streets. In years of crisis, the opposite happens: the accident rate falls. Car and sheet metal blows in 2019 Sheet metal blows touched ground in Spain in 2013 and since then they have not stopped growing. In that year, by comparison, there were 1.73 million mishaps. While in 2019, there were 1.94 million minor traffic accidents, this amount represents an interannual increase of 0.33%. This is the largest number of incidents of movement without injuries recorded since 2010, according to data disclosed by We Are Safe, an initiative of the employers' association Unespa. This slight rise in accidents was mainly due to the increase in collisions in Andalusia (+ 2.50%). This autonomous community is, in addition to the most populous in Spain, the one with the most sheet metal blows (385,000) in the entire country, with a slight accident rate that increased in another 5 of the 17 CCs. AA. The most significant occurred in Murcia (+ 3.48%), the one that rose the most, and Castilla-La Mancha (+ 1.83%). While, in Madrid and Asturias, the accident rate remained almost unchanged, meanwhile, the collisions decreased significantly in nine regions and in the two autonomous cities. Thus, the most pronounced falls occurred in Melilla (-8.91%) and Ceuta (-2.86%) and the decreases in Aragon (-2.09%) and the Basque Country (-2.07%) also stood out. .And what happened by province? An analysis by province shows how minor accidents decreased in 22 of them, rose in the other 23 and remained practically flat in five (Asturias, Huesca, León, Madrid and Soria). The ascents of Albacete and Malaga stood out, as well as the descents of Segovia and Palencia. The most populated territories were those with the highest number of accidents in absolute terms, something natural given their demographic weight. The classification is led by provinces that host large urban centers. This is the case of Madrid (274,989 collisions), Barcelona (212,967) and Valencia (110,578). We return to your last blow with the car… Do you remember how and when it was? Minor accidents also vary depending on the time of year and the days of the week. Holiday periods have fewer incidents because sheet metal strokes are, as we said, typical of urban traffic and this is less dense in periods of less activity, thus, August was, in particular, the calmest month of the year (138,460 cases) . It was followed by December (149,746), although this data is still provisional. The low weight of February (153,105) is due to the fact that that month only has 28 days, not to a lower accident rate per day, while the most problematic months of the year were May and October, probably due to the typical rains of spring and fall. Both months were around 174,400 mishaps.In summary, each month there were 162,380 minor traffic accidents in Spain last year. This figure exceeds the historical average available for the last two decades. Specifically, between 1999 and 2019, the average stood at 157,790 blows without injuries per month.Finally, the incidence by days of the week is also a reflection of collective behavior. Friday is the day with the most sheet metal strokes in the cities. On average, 6,346 claims occurred every Friday of 2019, followed by Monday with 6,208 hits. Meanwhile, collisions plummet over the weekend, hitting a minimum of 2,947 on average every Sunday, so, you know why you should be careful on Friday in May, especially, and whenever you get in the car for any displacement. And if you suffer a mishap in your body, put yourself in the hands of the professionals of Autofit. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn WhatsApp Rate the article and help us improve Do you need a workshop? Choose competence, personality and confidence. Come to the Autofit Workshops. Contact us Find your workshop Related content How to get the DGT environmental label New DGT surveillance campaign on tires, brakes or lights Do you know who was the first woman with a driving license in Spain? Leave your comment Cancel reply Comment I accept the privacy policy Name * Email * Do you need a workshop? Choose competence, personality and confidence. Come to the Autofit Workshops. Contact us Find your Autofit workshop, competence, personality, trust Network of multi-brand specialist workshops. Find your workshop Promotions AutofitThe most readtraffic accidents oil air conditioning shock absorbers Autogas battery breakdowns Fuels road bodywork sheet metal and paint car Pollution DGT brake discs clutch headlights filters brakes LPG lighting technical inspection ITV lights brake fluid car maintenance car maintenance engine environment fine tires brake pads review car overhaul safety road safety cooling system suspension workshop workshop mechanic transmission speed summer visibilityOn our BlogDo you know what preventive maintenance is for your car? Do you regularly check your car tires? Not all drivers do it.Can you use the car during the coronavirus alarm state? Sheet metal blows: when does your car look like a magnet? The reasons why your diesel car can increase its consumption Contact Avda. De Industria, 25 | 28760 Tres Cantos 91 804 49 12 info@autofit-spain.es Newsletter Legal notice | Data protection | Cookies policy