The Autofit Blog Home Official LPG Review Let nothing stop you Find your workshop Offers Blog Tips Contact Access Softfit The Autofit BlogHomeThe Autofit Blog Can you use the car during the state of alarm for the coronavirus? The state of alarm decreed by the Government of Spain has ... Read more Sheet metal beats: when does your car look like a magnet? Do you remember the last time you suffered a sheet metal blow with ... Read more These are the best young drivers in Spain What characterizes good drivers? The good cond ... Read more The driving license or the driving license on the mobile? Ending the use of mobile phones at the wheel has become ... Read more Summer or winter: when the car battery suffers and fails The cold of autumn and winter forces you to check your vehicle ... Read more Valentine: 14 escapes by car for Valentine's Day February 14 is 'officially' the Day of the ... Read more The 7 most frequent breakdowns in cars, according to their owners After the house, the car has been the buy more ... Read more More than 3,500 complaints in a week for circulating without the ITV in force The Technical Inspection of Vehicles aims to ... Read more Bad weather and new control campaign of the DGT is your car point? The passage of storm Gloria is leaving rain, wind and ... Read more Where is the AdBlue tank of my car? The presence of AdBlue in modern diesel vehicles is ... Read more These are the cars that most went through the workshop in Spain in 2019 What were the cars that most went through the workshop in ... Read more Do you know why the license plates do not include vowels? Surely it is not the first time that you look at license plates ... Read more 1 2 3… 24 Next »Autofit, competence, personality, confidence Network of multi-brand specialist workshops. Find your workshop Promotions AutofitThe most readtraffic accidents oil air conditioning shock absorbers Autogas battery breakdowns Fuels road bodywork sheet metal and paint car Pollution DGT brake discs clutch headlights filters brakes LPG lighting technical inspection ITV lights brake fluid car maintenance car maintenance engine environment fine tires brake pads review car overhaul safety road safety cooling system suspension workshop workshop mechanic transmission speed summer visibilityOn our BlogDo you know what preventive maintenance is for your car? Do you regularly check your car tires? Not all drivers do it.Can you use the car during the coronavirus alarm state? Sheet metal blows: when does your car look like a magnet? The reasons why your diesel car can increase its consumption Contact Avda. De Industria, 25 | 28760 Tres Cantos 91 804 49 12 info@autofit-spain.es Newsletter Legal notice | Data protection | Cookies policy