battery - Autofit Home Official LPG Review That nothing stops you Find your workshop Offers Blog Tips Contact Access Softfit batteryHome battery Do you know what preventive maintenance of your car consists of? See Do you practice preventive maintenance or do you only take your car to the workshop when there is no other choice? See 20 basic tips for perfect maintenance of your car See Summer or winter: when the car battery suffers and fails See the 7 most frequent breakdowns in cars, according to their owners See 11 reasons why your car should go through the Workshop See Bad weather and new DGT control campaign Is your car ready? See Christmas 2019: tune up your car if you travel by road and monitor your speed See DGT Campaign: For a Christmas without excesses at the wheel and with the car ready See Time change: this affects driving ... and to your car See Autumn is coming: six basic tips for you and your car See 10 good purposes for the ‘back to school’ of your car See 1234 »Next Autofit, competence, personality, confidence Network of multi-brand specialist workshops. Find your workshop Promotions AutofitThe most readtraffic accidents oil air conditioning shock absorbers Autogas battery breakdowns Fuels road bodywork sheet metal and paint car Pollution DGT brake discs clutch headlights filters brakes LPG lighting technical inspection ITV lights brake fluid car maintenance car maintenance engine environment fine tires brake pads review car overhaul safety road safety cooling system suspension workshop workshop mechanic transmission speed summer visibilityOn our BlogDo you know what preventive maintenance is for your car? Do you regularly check your car tires? Not all drivers do it.Can you use the car during the coronavirus alarm state? Sheet metal blows: when does your car look like a magnet? The reasons why your diesel car can increase its consumption Contact Avda. De Industria, 25 | 28760 Tres Cantos 91 804 49 12 info@autofit-spain.es Newsletter Legal notice | Data protection | Cookies policy