Data protection policy - Autofit Home Official GLP Review That nothing stops you Find your workshop Offers Blog Tips Contact Access Softfit Data protection policyHomeData protection policyINFORMATION IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE ORGANIC LAW OF PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA1. PRINCIPLE OF INFORMATION In compliance with the provisions of article 5 of Organic Law 15/1999, of December 13, Protection of Personal Data (hereinafter, LOPD), we inform you expressly, precisely and unequivocally that the data provided by you through the forms provided for this purpose on our website or in any other collection channel, as well as those generated during your relationship with our entity, will be processed in the files under the responsibility of COMERCIAL IMPORMOVIL , SA, duly notified in the General Registry of the Spanish Agency for Data Protection, in order to maintain and fulfill the relationship of the recipient of the service with our entity and the provision of services derived from it. the provisions of the aforementioned LOPD and Law 34/2002, of July 11, on Services of the Information Society and Electronic Commerce nico (hereinafter, LSSI-CE), we inform you that your data may be used for the purpose of sending you commercial and courtesy communications related to our entity through telephone, ordinary postal mail, fax, email or electronic means of communication Equivalent.In the same way, we inform you that your data will be transferred in all those cases where it is necessary for the development, compliance and control of the relationship of the recipient of the service with our entity or in the cases in which it is authorized by a standard with rank of law and, in particular, when one of the following cases occurs: a) The treatment or assignment is intended to satisfy a legitimate interest of the controller or the assignee covered by said rule; b) The treatment or transfer of the data is necessary for the person responsible for the treatment to fulfill a duty imposed by said rule. PRINCIPLE OF CONSENT Consent for the processing of your data for the purposes described in the previous section shall be understood as provided by marking the corresponding box provided for this purpose on our website. 3. MANDATORY NATURE OF THE REQUESTED DATA The completion of each and every one of the fields that appear in the forms provided for this purpose on our website is mandatory (otherwise, the fields that are mandatory will be marked with an asterisk). The refusal to provide your data would entail the impossibility of maintaining and fulfilling the relationship of the recipient of the service with our entity, since they are necessary for the provision of services derived from it. PRINCIPLE OF DATA QUALITY The recipient of the service will be solely responsible for the veracity and accuracy of the data provided, acting COMERCIAL IMPORMOVIL, S.A. in good faith as a mere service provider. In the event that the recipient of the service provides false data or third parties without their consent, he will respond personally to COMERCIAL IMPORMOVIL, SA, those affected or interested, Spanish Protection Agency of Datas and, where appropriate, regional data protection authorities, of the responsibilities derived from said circumstance. COMERCIAL IMPORMOVIL, SA does not collect data from people under the age of fourteen through its website. In the event that a person under fourteen years of age provides their data through the forms provided for this purpose on our website or in any other collection channel, they will be destroyed immediately at the same time that they are is aware of such circumstance. In order to comply with the provisions of article 4.3 of the LOPD, the recipient of the service agrees to notify COMERCIAL IMPORMOVIL, SA the changes that occur in your data, so that they respond truthfully to your current situation at all times. SECURITY PRINCIPLE OF DATOSCOMERCIAL IMPORMOVIL, S.A. undertakes to comply with its obligation of secrecy regarding personal data and its duty to keep it and will adopt all the necessary technical and organizational measures that guarantee the security of personal data and prevent its alteration, loss, unauthorized treatment or access, taking into account the state of technology, the nature of the stored data and the risks to which they are exposed, whether they come from human action or the physical or natural environment, developed in Title VIII of Royal Decree 1720 / 2007, of December 21, which approves the Regulations for the development of Organic Law 15/1999, of December 13, on the Protection of Personal Data. 6. EXERCISE OF RIGHTS In compliance with the provisions of the LOPD and Royal Decree 1720/2007, of December 21, which approves the Regulations for its development, the recipient of the service can exercise, at any time, their rights to access, rectification, cancellation and opposition to the person responsible for the file or treatment, attaching a photocopy of your ID. 7. RESPONSIBLE FOR THE FILE OR TREATMENT The person responsible for the file or treatment is COMERCIAL IMPORMOVIL, SA, with address for notification purposes at AVENIDA DE LA INDUSTRIA 25, 28760 - TRES CANTOS (Madrid) .Autofit, competence, personality, trust Network of multi-brand specialist workshops . Find your workshop Promotions AutofitThe most readtraffic accidents oil air conditioning shock absorbers Autogas battery breakdowns Fuels road bodywork sheet metal and paint car Pollution DGT brake discs clutch headlights filters brakes LPG lighting technical inspection ITV lights brake fluid car maintenance car maintenance engine environment fine tires brake pads review car overhaul safety road safety cooling system suspension workshop workshop mechanic transmission speed summer visibilityOn our BlogDo you know what preventive maintenance is for your car? Do you regularly check your car tires? Not all drivers do it.Can you use the car during the coronavirus alarm state? Sheet metal blows: when does your car look like a magnet? The reasons why your diesel car can increase its consumption Contact Avda. De Industria, 25 | 28760 Tres Cantos 91 804 49 12 info@autofit-spain.es Newsletter Legal notice | Data protection | Cookies policy