Do you regularly check your car tires? Not all drivers do it - Autofit Home Official LPG Review Let nothing stop you Find your workshop Offers Blog Tips Contact Access Softfit Do you regularly check your car tires? Not all drivers do it. Home Autofit - Tips Do you regularly check your car tires? Not all drivers do it The importance of your car tires for your road safety is crucial. Taking care of your condition is essential, since it is the only point of contact that our vehicle has with the asphalt. Therefore, it is essential to check them regularly ... And you don't need to know mechanics. Any motorist can check something as basic as their level of wear or if they maintain the correct pressure. Of course, when you have the slightest doubt, put yourself in the hands of the best repair professionals: the professionals of the Autofit workshops. Do you check your car tires? Being proactive will allow you to drive more safely and relaxed and, most importantly , avoid setbacks such as suffering a blowout (with the danger that this entails). However, not all motorists seem to be aware of this. In this sense, the second wave of the Race Drivers Observatory shows an alarming fact: 8% of drivers do not check the condition of the wheels before undertaking a long journey ; and 21% do not do it either despite seeing them 'low' in pressure. Furthermore, according to the study, only a little more than half of the more than 1,300 motorists surveyed affirm that they review them at least once a month, and 1 of Every 4 checks them when refueling. When asked how drivers check to see if the tires are worn and need to be changed, the most frequent options are: 'at a glance'; taking the car to the workshop; with a depth gauge; or with the trick of the euro coin (the golden part of the coin coincides with the minimum recommended depth for your drawing) .The reasons for changing tires When it comes to changing tires, the main reason used by drivers is wear ( 59%), ahead of punctures and blowouts (9%), tread wear (8%), its age (8%), mileage (6%) or due to ITV requirements (3%). According to the data, 75% of users have changed their tires less than 2 years ago, with older people (above 61 years) having older tires, and the survey concludes that, In general, drivers are unaware of the information on their car tires, since only 7.8% have correctly answered questions about the information that appears in the profile of the wheels themselves. What are the most common problems? common? 86% of respondents say they have suffered a puncture, being the p The main problem related to tires suffered by drivers: far away are those who have experienced danger due to aquaplaning (46%), those who have not been able to continue driving due to snow (35%) or those who They have experienced a blowout (28%). Almost half of the respondents have had to stop traveling due to adverse conditions (snowfall or heavy rain) .On the other hand, 90% of the respondents buy new tires, a trend which increases with age, since those over 50 choose this option almost entirely.Finally, the Race recalls that tire problems are the second most common among the 11 million vehicles in the world. that provides assistance, only behind those related to vehicle batteries.How and when to check the tiresYou do not only have to check the tires of your car before d On a long trip, you should check them periodically. And if you do not know how, do not worry, here we summarize the basics. Check your pressure. A properly inflated tire wears regularly, reduces fuel consumption and helps the car to have safe reactions. To check the pressure (remember, the one recommended by the manufacturer of your car), do it whenever you can when cold, so that the measurement is more accurate, or having traveled 3 km at most.Inspect the tread Is the wear uniform ? The wear of the tire can be more or less marked (the drawing must exceed at least 1.6 mm), but it must always be uniform. Uneven wear shows problems with pressure, suspension, alignment ... Also, this tire reduces its useful life considerably. Check that they are not bitten, lumpy or crystallized. A simple visual inspection says a lot about the condition of the tire: you should never have bites in the rubber, either on its sidewalls or on the tread, lumps or deformations. Furthermore, if a tire is crystallized, its surface hardens and its grip decreases noticeably. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn WhatsApp Rate the article and help us improve 5/5 (2 votes) Do you need a workshop? Choose competence, personality and confidence. Come to the Autofit Workshops. Contact us Find your workshop Related content Useful tips before a trip The three most common road breakdowns in 2018 Lubricating oil: When should it be checked and changed? Leave your comment Cancel reply Comment I accept the privacy policy Name * Email * Do you need a workshop? Choose competence, personality and confidence. Come to the Autofit Workshops. Contact us Find your Autofit workshop, competence, personality, trust Network of multi-brand specialist workshops. Find your workshop Promotions AutofitThe most readtraffic accidents oil air conditioning shock absorbers Autogas battery breakdowns Fuels road bodywork sheet metal and paint car Pollution DGT brake discs clutch headlights filters brakes LPG lighting technical inspection ITV lights brake fluid car maintenance car maintenance engine environment fine tires brake pads review car overhaul safety road safety cooling system suspension workshop workshop mechanic transmission speed summer visibilityOn our BlogDo you know what preventive maintenance is for your car? Do you regularly check your car tires? Not all drivers do it.Can you use the car during the coronavirus alarm state? Sheet metal blows: when does your car look like a magnet? The reasons why your diesel car can increase its consumption Contact Avda. De Industria, 25 | 28760 Tres Cantos 91 804 49 12 info@autofit-spain.es Newsletter Legal notice | Data protection | Cookies policy