Can you use the car during the coronavirus alarm state? - Autofit Home Official LPG Review Let nothing stop you Find your workshop Offers Blog Tips Contact Access Softfit Can you use the car during the state of alarm for the coronavirus? Home Autofit - BlogCan you use the car during the state of alarm due to the coronavirus? The state of alarm decreed by the Government of Spain has a main consequence: it limits the free movement of citizens ... also, therefore, car travel . An exceptional situation due to the coronavirus pandemic that, precisely, due to the severity of the situation that forces it to be adopted, must be respected with greater responsibility. When to use the car during the state of alarmBut… what can I do and what not? You can only leave the house due to force majeure or need. These are the assumptions by which you are allowed to leave your home: Acquisition of food, pharmaceuticals and basic necessities. Assistance to health centers, services and establishments. Travel to the workplace to carry out your work, professional or business provision. to the habitual place of residence. Assistance and care for the elderly, minors, dependents, people with disabilities or especially vulnerable people. Travel to financial and insurance entities. Due to force majeure or situations of need. Any other activity of a similar nature that will to be done individually, unless accompanying people with disabilities or for other justified cause. These are, therefore, the only situations that the Royal Decree (RD) that regulates the state of alarm contemplates to leave the home. It will allow the circulation of private vehicles on the roads for public use to carry out the activities ivities referred to in the previous section or for refueling at gas stations or service stations «, the RD establishes. In addition, the Government of Spain allows you to go to kiosks and tobacconists, technology shops, hairdressers (which eventually will not open), laundries or dry cleaners , but it is the responsibility of citizens to limit their presence in these establishments to unavoidable situations. As for the possibility of traveling accompanied, the RD dictates that "it must be done individually, unless accompanying people with disabilities or otherwise justified cause ».Can you be fined if you don't comply? Failure to comply with the state of alarm will be sanctioned, as stated in article 20 of the Royal Decree, which was published on Saturday night, March 14 in the Official State Gazette .The sanctions (the first have been imposed in just one day) range between 100 and 600,000 euros or imprisonment from three months to one year, depending on the severity of the infra ction.Infections against the protection of citizen security. Fines of 100 to 600 euros for removing or moving fences, tapes or other fixed or mobile elements placed to delimit security perimeters. Likewise, disobedience or resistance to the authority or its agents, as well as the refusal to identify themselves will be sanctioned with a fine of € 601 to € 30,000. Infractions against public health. The conduct of behaviors or omissions that may produce a risk or serious damage to the health of the population will be subject to sanction with fines of between 3,001 and 60,000 euros In the event that these behaviors cause a risk or very serious damage to the health of the population the sanction will be increased to a minimum of 60,001 euros and up to 600,000. Infractions against the national civil protection system. Penalties from 30,001 to 600,000 euros for not complying with orders, prohibitions or instructions that put the safety of people or property at risk. Infractions against the penal code. They can be punished with a prison sentence of three months to one year or a fine of six to 18 months, those who resist or seriously disobey the authority of the agents. Roads will be open ... for now Road infrastructure will be open to allow traffic of vehicles in the cases contemplated in the Royal Decree, but the Government may limit their use or even close those it deems necessary "for reasons of public health, safety or fluid traffic." What continues to operate is public transport, although Limit your offer to 50%. Likewise, it is recommended that the use of these means of locomotion be limited to reasons that cannot be postponed. And if it is done, always keeping the distance between the passengers. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn WhatsApp Rate the article and help us improve 4/5 (1 vote) Do you need a workshop? Choose competence, personality and confidence. Come to the Autofit Workshops. Contact us Find your workshop Related content The DGT insists that you check your car for Easter The 10 cities with the most traffic jams in Spain If you have $ 400,000 you can already book the first flying car 2 Comments ANGEL AURELIO CATALAN GARCIA 03/16/2020 A couple of days before the government decrees the state of alarm, buy 2 wheels for the car. Today I have been told by the workshop that they already have them and that I can go to assemble them. Can I go without being sanctioned? Is it considered a situation of need? The vehicle is the one my wife uses to go to work daily. Thank you Autofit 03/16/2020 Hello Angel, we understand that if they allow the opening of workshops it is because they are necessary. Call the workshop beforehand so they have it ready and avoid spending a lot of time away from home. Between all we will get them !! Leave your comment Cancel reply Comment I accept the privacy policy Name * Email * Do you need a workshop? Choose competence, personality and confidence. Come to the Autofit Workshops. Contact us Find your Autofit workshop, competence, personality, trust Network of multi-brand specialist workshops. Find your workshop Promotions AutofitThe most readtraffic accidents oil air conditioning shock absorbers Autogas battery breakdowns Fuels road bodywork sheet metal and paint car Pollution DGT brake discs clutch headlights filters brakes LPG lighting technical inspection ITV lights brake fluid car maintenance car maintenance engine environment fine tires brake pads review car overhaul safety road safety cooling system suspension workshop workshop mechanic transmission speed summer visibilityOn our BlogDo you know what preventive maintenance is for your car? Do you regularly check your car tires? Not all drivers do it.Can you use the car during the coronavirus alarm state? Sheet metal blows: when does your car look like a magnet? The reasons why your diesel car can increase its consumption Contact Avda. De Industria, 25 | 28760 Tres Cantos 91 804 49 12 info@autofit-spain.es Newsletter Legal notice | Data protection | Cookies policy