DGT - Autofit Home Official LPG Review Don't let anything stop you Find your workshop Offers Blog Tips Contact Access Softfit DGTInicioDGT The driving license or the mobile traffic license? See More than 3,500 complaints in a week for driving without the ITV in force. See Bad weather and a new DGT control campaign. Is your car ready? See The most dangerous sections of road in Spain in 2019 See Christmas 2019: tune up your car if you travel by road and watch your speed See The collector of fines: drunk, drugged, without ID, or ITV, with two children without SRI ... See The perfect mechanical review: prepare your car for the bridge See More than 9,000 drivers, reported for driving with deficiencies in their vehicles See The 15 urban areas with the highest concentration of serious accidents in Spain See New DGT surveillance campaign: check your tires, brakes and lights See Time change: how it affects driving…. and your car See The 10 most ‘difficult’ traffic signs according to the DGT See 123… 7 »Next Autofit, competence, personality, trust Network of multi-brand specialist workshops. Find your workshop Promotions AutofitThe most readtraffic accidents oil air conditioning shock absorbers Autogas battery breakdowns Fuels road bodywork sheet metal and paint car Pollution DGT brake discs clutch headlights filters brakes LPG lighting technical inspection ITV lights brake fluid car maintenance car maintenance engine environment fine tires brake pads review car overhaul safety road safety cooling system suspension workshop workshop mechanic transmission speed summer visibilityOn our BlogDo you know what preventive maintenance is for your car? Do you regularly check your car tires? Not all drivers do it.Can you use the car during the coronavirus alarm state? Sheet metal blows: when does your car look like a magnet? The reasons why your diesel car can increase its consumption Contact Avda. De Industria, 25 | 28760 Tres Cantos 91 804 49 12 info@autofit-spain.es Newsletter Legal notice | Data protection | Cookies policy