Cookies policy - Autofit Home Official GLP Review Let nothing stop you Search for your workshop Offers Blog Tips Contact Access Softfit Cookies policyHomeCookies policy1. APPLICABLE REGULATION The second section of article 22 of Law 34/2002, of July 11, on Services of the Information Society and Electronic Commerce (hereinafter, LSSI-CE), establishes the following: Service providers may use data storage and recovery devices in the recipient's terminal equipment, provided that they have given their consent after they have been provided with clear and complete information on their use, in particular, on the purposes of the treatment of the data. data, in accordance with the provisions of Organic Law 15/1999, of December 13, Protection of Personal Data. When technically possible and effective, the recipient's consent to accept the data treatment may be provided by using the appropriate parameters of the browser or other applications, provided that the latter must proceed to its configuration during its installation or update by means of an action express for this purpose. The foregoing shall not prevent possible storage or access of a technical nature for the sole purpose of transmitting a communication over an electronic communications network or, to the extent strictly necessary, for the provision of an information society service. expressly requested by the recipient. According to the "Guide on the use of cookies", published by the Spanish Agency for Data Protection (hereinafter, AEPD) in 2013, the LSSI-CE is applicable to any type of file or device that is downloaded to a user's terminal equipment in order to store data that can be updated and retrieved by the entity responsible for its installation. The cookie is one of those devices in general use, which is why we will generically refer to these devices as cookies. Cookies used for any of the following purposes are exempt from complying with the obligations established in article 22.2 of the LSSI-CE: Only allow communication between the user's equipment and the network. Strictly provide a service expressly requested by the user. one. TYPES OF COOKIES ACCORDING TO THEIR PURPOSE A cookie is a file that is downloaded to your computer when you access certain web pages. Cookies allow a web page, among other things, to store and retrieve information about the browsing habits of a user or their equipment and, depending on the information they contain and the way they use their equipment, they can be used to recognize According to the purpose for which the data obtained through cookies is processed, as stated in the “Guide on the use of cookies” of the AEPD, we can distinguish between: Technical cookies: They are those that allow the user navigation through a web page, platform or application and the use of the different options or services that exist in it, such as, for example, controlling traffic and data communication, identifying the session, accessing parts with restricted access, remember the elements that make up an order, carry out the purchase process of an order, make the request for registration or participation in an event, use security elements ad while browsing, storing content for the broadcast of videos or sound or sharing content through social networks. Personalization cookies: These are those that allow the user to access the service with some predefined general characteristics based on a series of criteria in the user's terminal, such as, for example, the language, the type of browser through which they access the service, the regional configuration from where they access the service, etc. Analysis cookies: They are those that allow the person responsible for them, the monitoring and analysis of the behavior of the users of the websites to which they are linked. The information collected through this type of cookies is used in the measurement of the activity of the websites, application or platform and for the elaboration of navigation profiles of the users of said sites, applications and platforms, in order to introduce improvements in function of the analysis of the data of use made by the users of the service.Advertising cookies: They are those that allow the management, in the most efficient way possible, of the advertising spaces that, where appropriate, the editor has included on a web page , application or platform from which the requested service is provided based on criteria such as the content edited or the frequency with which the ads are displayed. Behavioral advertising cookies: They are those that allow the management, in the most efficient way possible, of the advertising spaces that, where appropriate, the publisher has included in a web page, application or platform from which the requested service is provided. These cookies store information on user behavior obtained through continuous observation of their browsing habits, allowing a specific profile to be developed to display advertising based on it. PRINCIPLE OF INFORMATION In compliance with the provisions of article 5 of the Organic Law 15/1999, of December 13, Protection of Personal Data (hereinafter, LOPD), we inform you expressly, precisely and unequivocally that the information that is obtained through the cookies that are installed on your computer will be used for the following purposes: in order to guarantee the quality, security and improvement of the services offered through it. The recipients of the information obtained through the cookies installed on your computer will be the following entities: The editor responsible for the website and responsible for the treatment: COMERCIAL IMPORMOVIL, S.A.3. PRINCIPLE OF CONSENT Consent for the installation of cookies shall be understood as provided by checking the box relative to the acceptance of the "Cookies Policy" provided for this purpose on our website. In cases where the user does not expressly state If you accept or not the installation of cookies, but continue using the website or the application, it will be understood that the latter has given your consent, expressly informing our entity of the possibility of blocking or deleting the cookies installed on your computer by configuring the browser options installed on your computer 4. OPTIONAL CHARACTER OF THE INSTALLATION OF COOKIES Although the acceptance of the installation of cookies on your computer is optional for you, the refusal to install it may mean that the functionality of the website is limited or not possible, which would render the provision impossible of services by our entity through it. 5. DEACTIVATION OF COOKIES The user may at any time change the cookie settings, block or deactivate them. For this we provide the mode in the main browsers.CHROME: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=esEXPLORER: http://windows.microsoft.com/es-es/windows-vista / Block-or-allow-cookiesFIREFOX: http://support.mozilla.org/es/kb/habilitar-y-deshabilitar-cookies-que-los-sitios-weSAFARI: http://www.apple.com/es / privacy / use-of-cookies / As well as cookies to third parties Google AdWords: http: //www.google.es/intl/es/policies/technologies/cookies/COMERCIAL IMPORMOVIL, SA is not responsible for the content and veracity of the cookies policies of third parties. 6. SECURITY PRINCIPLE OF DATOSCOMERCIAL IMPORMOVIL, S.A. undertakes to comply with its obligation of secrecy regarding personal data and its duty to keep them and will adopt all necessary technical and organizational measures that guarantee the security of personal data and prevent its alteration, loss, unauthorized treatment or access, taking into account the state of technology, the nature of the stored data and the risks to which they are exposed, whether they come from human action or from the physical or natural environment, developed in Title VIII of Royal Decree 1720 / 2007, of December 21, which approves the Regulations for the development of Organic Law 15/1999, of December 13, on the Protection of Personal Data. 7. EXERCISE OF RIGHTS In compliance with the provisions of the LOPD and Royal Decree 1720/2007, of December 21, which approves the Regulations for its development, the recipient of the service can exercise, at any time, their rights to access, rectification, cancellation and opposition to the person responsible for the file or treatment, attaching a photocopy of your ID. 8. RESPONSIBLE FOR THE FILE OR TREATMENT The person responsible for the file or treatment is COMERCIAL IMPORMOVIL, S.A., with address for notification purposes at AVENIDA DE LA INDUSTRIA 25, 28760 - TRES CANTOS (Madrid) Autofit, competence, personality, trust Network of multi-brand specialist workshops. Find your workshop Promotions AutofitThe most readtraffic accidents oil air conditioning shock absorbers Autogas battery breakdowns Fuels road bodywork sheet metal and paint car Pollution DGT brake discs clutch headlights filters brakes LPG lighting technical inspection ITV lights brake fluid car maintenance car maintenance engine environment fine tires brake pads review car overhaul safety road safety cooling system suspension workshop workshop mechanic transmission speed summer visibilityOn our BlogDo you know what preventive maintenance is for your car? Do you regularly check your car tires? Not all drivers do it.Can you use the car during the coronavirus alarm state? Sheet metal blows: when does your car look like a magnet? The reasons why your diesel car can increase its consumption Contact Avda. De Industria, 25 | 28760 Tres Cantos 91 804 49 12 info@autofit-spain.es Newsletter Legal notice | Data protection | Cookies policy