The reasons why your diesel car can increase its consumption - Autofit Home Official LPG Review Let nothing stop you Find your workshop Offers Blog Tips Contact Access Softfit The reasons why your diesel car can increase its consumption Autofit Home - TipsThe reasons why that your diesel car can increase its consumption Do you have a diesel car and are you worried because it consumes more fuel than before for no apparent reason? It may be time to find out what's wrong with your vehicle. Before weighing that it may be due to an engine failure, consider that the high consumption of diesel can be caused by several factors. Therefore, it is important to recognize what problems can trigger the consumption of your diesel car and how to prevent them. What makes a diesel car consume more? Poor vehicle maintenance, overcharging or aggressive driving are three (bad) habits that increase consumption. If you leave the first one in the hands of your trusted Autofit workshop, the others will be easier to correct. And is that improper maintenance can cause breakdowns that denote an increase in consumption. Filters, keys to engine operation Dirty filters can be the source of abnormal engine behavior, if not expensive and complex breakdowns. Therefore, the first thing is to make sure that it 'breathes' well with a clean air filter, and that it 'feeds' well thanks to diesel oil free of impurities by a fuel filter in good condition. engine with an oil according to the manufacturer's requirements, with an adequate level - key, check it periodically - and with an oil filter in conditions to retain the dirt that is trapping the lubricant? If so, the engine will be well cared for and the fuel increase could have another origin.Dirty injectors = poor spraying If we have up-to-date basic maintenance tasks and continue to detect abnormal consumption, it will be time to investigate further, especially if our Driving is mainly urban and / or we tend to circulate regularly at very low laps.Thus, dirty injectors result in a lack of power and increased consumption due to inefficient combustion caused by poor diesel fuel spray. blinded injectors. The deposits that accumulate in its orifices cause them to become clogged and make it difficult to atomise diesel in the chambers. EGR, FAP ... attention to anti-pollution systems Anti-pollution systems are clear sources of failure and increased consumption when they do not work properly. correct. A damaged or blinded EGR valve can cause the constant passage of exhaust gases to the combustion chambers, which obstructs the passage of clean air and, consequently, a drop in performance. For its part, the anti-particle filter can increase consumption Therefore, if it breaks down, it will become a plug that will hinder the work of the engine. Also, keep in mind that the regeneration of the FAP filter implies an extra fuel expense, so if we do not let the process finish, it will repeat itself as many times as necessary. The flowmeter and other sensors A diesel engine must know exactly the amount of diesel and air entering the chambers, so a failure of the engine sensors will cause abnormal operation. One of the key sensors is the flowmeter, which measures the amount of air drawn in by the thruster to regulate the amount of fuel it must inject. Any reading failure implies that the engine works incorrectly. In addition, this information is complemented by other variables (temperature, pressure ...) that can affect the work of the impeller if the readings are not correct. These breakdowns can also have an impact on the turbo. Other factors that also increase consumption. Not only mechanics influences the fuel consumption of a car. Other factors also affect negatively such as, for example, inadequate tire pressure, the installation or removal of elements that compromise aerodynamics (roof rack, chests ...). Also, fuel consumption can be increased by higher electrical consumption due to the additional installation of multimedia or lighting equipment, by a refrigeration system in which the thermostat fails; or by a damaged air conditioning that keeps the air conditioning compressor permanently connected. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn WhatsApp Rate the article and help us improve 5/5 (1 vote) Do you need a workshop? Choose competence, personality and confidence. Come to the Autofit Workshops. Contact us Find your workshop Related content Do you know how to detect breakdowns in the timing belt? What function does the bearing in your car and how to detect if it fails? What is the catalyst and how to detect possible breakdowns Leave your comment Cancel reply Comment I accept the privacy policy Name * Email * Do you need a workshop? Choose competence, personality and confidence. Come to the Autofit Workshops. Contact us Find your Autofit workshop, competence, personality, trust Network of multi-brand specialist workshops. Find your workshop Promotions AutofitThe most readtraffic accidents oil air conditioning shock absorbers Autogas battery breakdowns Fuels road bodywork sheet metal and paint car Pollution DGT brake discs clutch headlights filters brakes LPG lighting technical inspection ITV lights brake fluid car maintenance car maintenance engine environment fine tires brake pads review car overhaul safety road safety cooling system suspension workshop workshop mechanic transmission speed summer visibilityOn our BlogDo you know what preventive maintenance is for your car? Do you regularly check your car tires? Not all drivers do it.Can you use the car during the coronavirus alarm state? Sheet metal blows: when does your car look like a magnet? The reasons why your diesel car can increase its consumption Contact Avda. De Industria, 25 | 28760 Tres Cantos 91 804 49 12 info@autofit-spain.es Newsletter Legal notice | Data protection | Cookies policy