Do you know what preventive maintenance of your car consists of? - Autofit Home Official LPG Review Let nothing stop you Find your workshop Offers Blog Tips Contact Access Softfit Do you know what preventive maintenance of your car consists of? Home Autofit - TipsDo you know what preventive maintenance of your car consists of? Caring for your car to guarantee your safety and extend its useful life is as simple as following some basic tips such as responsible and non-aggressive driving and maintenance preventive of your vehicle. And it is that, as we already have, many drivers wait for the vehicle to break down so that a professional performs the necessary tasks on it. Do not be one of them. Autofit workshops are committed to responsible maintenance of your vehicle to avoid problems that, in the long run, lead to costly breakdowns. Preventive or corrective maintenance? Do you know what sets them apart? Preventive maintenance is based on following the manufacturer's instructions indicating the intervals (of time or mileage) in which certain parts of the vehicle must be replaced or how often they should be checked. In contrast, corrective maintenance is limited to make repairs or replacements of those components of the vehicle that have stopped working or are no longer working properly. It usually involves more expensive operations due to the labor used due to the number of components replaced, not surprisingly, many breakdowns can be avoided by performing preventive maintenance, although it is true that some failures cannot be avoided or will depend on the periodic care of your car. In this way, preventive maintenance consists of taking care of our vehicle routinely and not waiting for a breakdown to go to the workshop. And what are the advantages of practicing it? First of all, we extend the life of our car, but not only that. We also avoid unnecessary breakdowns produced, sometimes, by our own neglect; we save money on solving more serious problems; and we ride more easily knowing that the safety of the vehicle is guaranteed. What should it include? The maintenance book provided by the vehicle manufacturer details the maintenance operations that must be carried out on the vehicle and explains how often and how many kilometers to do them. The most common tasks that include preventive maintenance are: Periodic change of oil and other fluids (coolant, brake fluid ...); replacement of all filters (oil, air, fuel and passenger compartment); of tires (periodically check both air pressure and wear); and the brakes (pads and brake discs as they guarantee our safety in the event of braking) .Also, preventive maintenance is completed with the periodic replacement of the shock absorbers (which guarantee the stability of the vehicle), the lights, the battery , and the timing belt, a key element since its breakage can lead to engine seizure.In short, avoid the most common maintenance errors, as well as other preventable failures (refueling incorrectly, accelerating or braking unnecessarily, driving in excess at low revolutions ...) complete the advantages of practicing preventive maintenance. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn WhatsApp Rate the article and help us improve 4/5 (1 vote) Do you need a workshop? Choose competence, personality and confidence. Come to the Autofit Workshops. Contact us Find your workshop Related content The three most common road breakdowns in 2018 Do you know why the steering wheel of your car may vibrate? Failures in injectors: learn to avoid them Leave your comment Cancel reply Comment I accept the privacy policy Name * Email * Do you need a workshop? Choose competence, personality and confidence. Come to the Autofit Workshops. Contact us Find your Autofit workshop, competence, personality, trust Network of multi-brand specialist workshops. Find your workshop Promotions AutofitThe most readtraffic accidents oil air conditioning shock absorbers Autogas battery breakdowns Fuels road bodywork sheet metal and paint car Pollution DGT brake discs clutch headlights filters brakes LPG lighting technical inspection ITV lights brake fluid car maintenance car maintenance engine environment fine tires brake pads review car overhaul safety road safety cooling system suspension workshop workshop mechanic transmission speed summer visibilityOn our BlogDo you know what preventive maintenance is for your car? Do you regularly check your car tires? Not all drivers do it.Can you use the car during the coronavirus alarm state? Sheet metal blows: when does your car look like a magnet? The reasons why your diesel car can increase its consumption Contact Avda. De Industria, 25 | 28760 Tres Cantos 91 804 49 12 info@autofit-spain.es Newsletter Legal notice | Data protection | Cookies policy