ITV - Autofit Home Official LPG Review Let nothing stop you Find your workshop Offers Blog Tips Contact Access Softfit ITVHomeITV Do you practice preventive maintenance or do you only take your car to the workshop when there is no other remedy? See More than 3,500 complaints in a week for driving without the ITV in force. See 11 reasons why your car must go through the workshop. See Bad weather and a new DGT control campaign. Is your car ready? See The collector of fines: drunk, drugged, without ID, or ITV, with two children without SRI ... See More than 9,000 drivers, denounced for driving with deficiencies in their vehicles See New surveillance campaign by the DGT: check your tires, brakes and lights See The serious defects in lighting grow in ITVs almost 40% in 5 years See The main reasons for suspense in ITV in 2018 See Are you a good driver? The 7 qualities you must fulfill See 10 good purposes for the 'back to school' of your car See The defects in the bodywork also make you suspend the ITV See 123… 5 »Next Autofit, competence, personality, confidence Network of multi-brand specialist workshops. Find your workshop Promotions AutofitThe most readtraffic accidents oil air conditioning shock absorbers Autogas battery breakdowns Fuels road bodywork sheet metal and paint car Pollution DGT brake discs clutch headlights filters brakes LPG lighting technical inspection ITV lights brake fluid car maintenance car maintenance engine environment fine tires brake pads review car overhaul safety road safety cooling system suspension workshop workshop mechanic transmission speed summer visibilityOn our BlogDo you know what preventive maintenance is for your car? Do you regularly check your car tires? Not all drivers do it.Can you use the car during the coronavirus alarm state? Sheet metal blows: when does your car look like a magnet? The reasons why your diesel car can increase its consumption Contact Avda. De Industria, 25 | 28760 Tres Cantos 91 804 49 12 info@autofit-spain.es Newsletter Legal notice | Data protection | Cookies policy