The project | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog The future of the independent market Home The AD-Giadi project The AD-Giadi project The AD-Giadi group works every day to support the distribution chain, especially the independent car repairers. With loyalty to Suppliers and Associates and respecting roles, it intends to pursue the objective of increasing its Services, the Networking program designed to guarantee constant commercial, marketing and strategic support at all levels of the supply chain. AD Service and G-Service are the first Italian networks that have fielded "Zone Referrals", professional figures present in all regions, coordinated by a central office, able to interface directly with affiliates. Search for a service or a store TIZZANI Service Giadi MECHANICAL WORKSHOP TIZZANI PAOLOVIA PADRE ROCCO, 3, MASSA LUBRENSE (NA) Details Service Giadi GO TO MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog News from the world AD Europe - December 19 Updates and news from AD Europe world Read more Follow us on Your reviews Thank you for resolving my problem promptly, in a few hours I resumed my nuncio-use car service by angelo puzzello The best independent quality We made a group to be great, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts