AHE | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog AHE Home Brands AHE Group: FOUR FOUR SEASONS Who we are> Company Since 1995 FOUR SEASONS markets a complete range of Aftermarket spare parts for the engine thermal system and for air conditioning systems for vehicles (cars, trucks, buses and minibuses, trucks, tractors and earthmoving machinery) .The FOUR SEASONS organization is made up of the following branches: FOUR SEASONS ITALY SPA? Italy? with a structure of about 250 square meters. of offices and 1,800 m2. of warehouse that extend in height for 13 meters. managed by an efficient IT system located in Montignoso (MS). FOUR SEASONS 1 UK? England? with a structure inaugurated in 2011 of 100 square meters. of offices and 750 sq m. warehouse located in Coventry. The distribution activity of FOUR SEASONS is carried out through its two brands: 4Season brand: Compressors, evaporators, pressure switches, expansion valves, filters, accessories for the air conditioning system, oil, charging stations, etc.; AHE brand: Radiators, heaters, intercoolers, electric fans and condensers.> ServiziLogistica: Prompt delivery in 12/24 throughout Italy (including islands) A modern system has been recently introduced to identify and pick up the material with radio frequency terminals installed on electric trolleys. Thanks to this system, the times of order fulfillment have been shortened, while simultaneously maintaining a level of fulfillment on first demand greater than 95%. Order management: received via E-commerce, telephone and fax. Technical assistance: continuous and constant thanks to highly specialized technicians.Web: new with on-line display of warehouse availability on the entire European market nibility of the paper and IT catalog constantly updated. AHE Catalog Other brands Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan STC Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search a service or store Autofficina Carretta Sas Service AD ​​Autofficina Carretta SasVia A. Volta 4 / B, Suzzara (Mn) Details Service AD ​​GO TO MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog News from the world AD Europe - December 19 Updates and news from AD Europe world Read more Follow us on Your reviews Thank you for resolving my problem promptly, in a few hours I resumed my nuncio-use car service by angelo puzzello The best independent quality We made a group to be great, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts