GDPR, Privacy policy, cookie law | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog Home GDPR, Privacy policy, cookies GDPR law, Privacy policy, cookie law Information for the services offered by GIADI GROUP pursuant to art. 13 of EU Regulation 2016/679 on the protection of personal data (hereinafter also "GDPR"). 1. Purpose of the treatment With your consent, your personal data will be processed for the following purposes: Registration for AD-GIADI services Your personal data (in the species, name, surname, location, postcode, mobile phone, e-mail) will be processed to register for the AD-GIADI portal and services and for the subsequent sending of commercial and non-commercial communications relating to products and services offered by our commercial network. 2. Legal basis of the processing The legal basis of the processing for the purposes indicated above is based on your consent to the processing of your personal data. Nonetheless, the processing may also take place as necessary for the execution of a contract of which you are a part or for the execution of pre-contractual measures adopted at your request, to fulfill legal obligations to which the Data Controller is subject or in cases in which which are subject to conditions of lawfulness of the treatment determined by art. 6 of the GDPR and subsequent amendments and additions, also introduced by the State. 3. Information to guarantee correct and transparent treatment Pursuant to art. 13 paragraph II of the GDPR, we inform you that: a) Your personal data will be kept until you decide to unsubscribe from the service by communicating it to the e-mail address info@adgiadi.com or, for what the newsletter allows, modifying your preference from the panel inside your private area. b) You have the right to ask the Data Controller for access to personal data and the correction or cancellation of the same or the limitation of the treatments that concern you or to oppose their treatment, in addition to the right to data portability; c) You have the right to withdraw consent for the aforementioned purposes of treatment at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the treatment based on the consent given before the revocation; d) You have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority pursuant to art. 77 GDPR (the Guarantor for the Protection of Personal Data, in Italy); e) The provision of your data is optional, however the failure to provide your data, when registering for our service, will make it impossible to pursue the purpose of registering for the AD-GIADI services and portals in art. 1. f) The processing of data for all the purposes indicated above will take place both with manual tools and by using dedicated hardware and software. In this regard, we inform you that there are automated decision-making processes exclusively aimed at sending commercial communications as described above in art. 1. 4. The Data Controller The Data Controller is GIADI GROUP SRL (VAT number: IT02118631205) with registered office in Turin TO, via Bruno Buozzi n. 10 and you can also contact him by writing an email to info@adgiadi.com. 5. The Data Protection Officer (DPO) designated pursuant to art. 37 and following GDPR The Data Protection Officer (DPO) is n99 of Natale Leggiero (VAT number: 02234210744) and you can contact him by e-mail at: info@n99.it. In case of changes, you can find the name of the DPO and his updated contact details on the website www.adgiadi.com. 6. Scope of disclosure and communication of your data None of the personal data provided will be disclosed. Your personal data may be communicated to the following recipients and categories of recipients: - GIADI GROUP SRL with registered office in Turin, via Bruno Buozzi n. 10; - members of GIADI GROUP SRL and their affiliates, their respective employees and collaborators; - third parties whose work the Owner uses for the provision of services, however connected to the pursuit of the purposes referred to in this statement, including the hosting of services, portals and finally, for sending promotional communications; - specialized operators who process the data necessary to manage and maintain the applications and web servers; to complete, manage and monitor the data entered on our Site; to make updates and improvements to the site, evaluate the use and make improvements to the functioning of the site and other services necessary for the management of the portal for the supply of related services; With your consent, necessary for the performance of our services, we will share the strictly necessary information of users with third parties responsible for providing our Services in accordance with this Privacy Policy. When processing user data on our behalf, third parties are subject to security and confidentiality obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable law. When a third party processes user data on its own, this treatment is subject to the third party's Privacy Policy and applicable law, therefore GIADI GROUP will not be held responsible. 7. How long personal data is kept During the entire period in which the user data will remain in the possession of GIADI GROUP, we are committed to ensuring that it is properly protected and used only for adequate purposes. If a physical or legal entity is no longer a user of GIADI GROUP, we will keep your data for the minimum period of time necessary to comply with the purposes described in this Notice and the applicable legislative or regulatory obligations. Users' personal data may be kept longer if, for technical reasons, it is not possible to delete them. 8. Transfer to other countries GIADI GROUP transfers, processes and stores information of its users on servers located in countries belonging to the European Economic Area (EEA). Consequently, we can share user information with other companies belonging to GIADI GROUP. UNIPERSONALE to carry out the activities specified in this Privacy Policy. Based on the fact that the European Commission has verified that the country where the personal data will be received offers the same level of protection as the EEA. For further information, please consult the website of the European Commissioner for Justice. By stipulating contracts that require the recipient to protect personal data with the same protection standards used in the EEA. In some cases we may be forced by law to provide customers' personal data to third parties and we may have limited control over how they are protected by such entities. 9. Security GIADI is committed to protecting the information of its users. Passwords protect user accounts, so that users can use a unique and secure password, limit access to computers and browsers and exit after using our services. Even if we take data protection precautions, no security measures are completely secure, and GIADI does not guarantee the security of user information. Finally, the data is protected from data breaches through daily back-ups, with invaluable intervention times, as short as possible. 10. Your rights governed by articles 15 and following of the GDPR At any time you can contact the Data Controller and its Data Protection Officer (DPO) to confirm whether or not personal data processing is being processed that concerns you and, if so, obtain access, copy and exercise the rights provided by art. 15 GDPR. In addition, you can integrate and correct them pursuant to art. 16 GDPR, obtain the cancellation pursuant to art. 17 GDPR, obtain the limitation of treatment pursuant to art. 18 GDPR, obtain your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format according to the methods of art. 20 GDPR. 11. The right to object to processing for direct marketing purposes Without prejudice to your right to withdraw consent at any time pursuant to art. 7 and 13 paragraph II lett. c) GDPR, you have the right pursuant to art. 21 paragraph 2 GDPR to object at any time and free of charge to the processing of personal data concerning you carried out for direct marketing purposes, including profiling to the extent that it is connected to such direct marketing. In particular, for promotional e-mails, you can stop sending at any time using the appropriate option within your control panel or by contacting us at info@adgiadi.com. 12. Right to obtain human intervention in automated decision-making processes Although the consequences of the automated decision-making processes used by the Owner as described in art. 3 letter f) above are limited, we inform you that pursuant to art. 22 paragraph 3 of the GDPR, you have the right to obtain human intervention by the Data Controller, to express your opinion and to contest any decision, by contacting the Data Controller or, pursuant to art. 38 paragraph IV GDPR, to the Data Protection Officer designated at the respective contacts indicated in this statement. 13. How to exercise your rights At any time you can contact the Data Controller or the Data Protection Officer at the respective contacts indicated in this statement for all questions relating to the processing of your personal data and for the exercise of your rights deriving from the EU Regulation 2016/679 on the protection of personal data (GDPR). 14. Obligation of age This information is aimed exclusively at individuals who have reached the age of majority. Therefore, if you were a minor, you are asked to refrain from providing your data and from giving consent to the processing, as in any case your data will not be collected, stored or processed by the Data Controller for any of the aforementioned purposes. 15. Changes to the Privacy Policy GIADI may make changes to the Agreements occasionally and at its discretion. In the event of material changes to the Agreements, GIADI will inform users as appropriate based on the circumstances, for example by viewing the important press releases within the Service or by sending an e-mail. In some cases, GIADI will inform users in advance, and the continued use of the Service after the execution of the changes will constitute the acceptance of the changes by the users in question. Therefore, please ensure that you read any such communications carefully. If you do not wish to continue using the Service in accordance with the new version of the Agreements, you can terminate the Agreements by contacting us at info@adgiadi.com. 16. Information on cookies, other technologies and data collection by third parties This section describes the use of cookies and other technologies. Privacy Policy (art.13 Legislative Decree 196/2003): the data that the participants in the Portal give when they register are limited to the e-mail address and are mandatory in order to receive the notification via e-mail to publish a post. Among the purposes of the processing of the data provided must be understood as those of the promotion of commercial and advertising initiatives with respect to which, however, you will have the opportunity to oppose, requesting the cancellation of the mail address from the list of those to which addressed the aforementioned messages. In order to post a comment instead, in addition to the email, it is required to enter a name and surname. Name and surname are published - and therefore disseminated - on the Web together with the comment posted by the user, the e-mail address is used exclusively for sending the news of the site. The opinions and comments posted by users and the information and data contained therein will not be used for any other purpose than for their publication on the Blog; in particular, no aggregation or selection in specific databases is envisaged. Any treatments for statistical purposes that in the future may be the intention of the site to be carried out will be conducted exclusively on an anonymous basis. While the diffusion of the user's personal data and of those detectable by the posted comments must be intended as directly attributed to the initiative of the user himself, we guarantee that no other hypothesis of transmission or diffusion of the same is, therefore, foreseen. In any case, the user has the opportunity at any time to exercise the rights referred to in art. 7 of Legislative Decree 196/2003: Art. 7 - (Right of access to personal data and other rights) 1. The interested party has the right to obtain confirmation of the existence or not of personal data concerning him, even if not yet registered, and their communication in an intelligible form. 2. The interested party has the right to be informed: a) of the origin of the personal data; b) the purposes and methods of treatment; c) the logic applied in case of treatment carried out with the aid of electronic instruments; d) the identity of the owner, manager and the representative appointed pursuant to article 5 paragraph 2; e) the subjects or categories of subjects to whom the personal data may be communicated or who can learn about them as appointed representative in the State, managers or agents. 3. The interested party has the right to obtain: a) updating, rectification or, when interested, integration of data; b) the cancellation, transformation into anonymous form or blocking of data processed in violation of the law, including those whose retention is unnecessary for the purposes for which the data were collected or subsequently processed; c) the attestation that the operations referred to in letters a) and b) have been brought to the attention, also as regards their content, of those to whom the data have been communicated or disseminated, except in the case in which this fulfillment occurs proves impossible or involves the use of means manifestly disproportionate to the protected right. 4. The interested party has the right to object, in whole or in part: a) for legitimate reasons, to the processing of personal data concerning him, even if pertinent to the purpose of the collection; b) to the processing of personal data concerning him for the purpose of sending advertising materials or direct selling or for carrying out market research or commercial communication. Cookie Policy This Cookie Policy forms an integral part of the above Privacy Policy. The user can express his consent to the use of cookies by continuing to browse the sites, or by scrolling, clicking on one of the internal links of the pages of the sites, or by clicking on the "x" button or otherwise closing the banner of the brief information visible at each first access on the Sites, as required by the provision of the Guarantor for the protection of personal data (n.229 of 8 May 2014). Cookies consist of portions of code (computer files or partial data) sent by a server to the user's Internet browser, by said browser automatically stored on the user's computer and automatically sent back to the server at every occurrence or subsequent access to the site. Usually a cookie contains the name of the website from which the cookie originates, the life span of the cookie (i.e. how long it will remain on the user's device) and a value, which is usually a randomly generated unique number. At each subsequent visit, cookies are sent back to the website that originated them (first-party cookies) or to another site that recognizes them (third-party cookies). Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize the user's device and have different purposes such as, for example, allowing you to navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your favorite sites and, in general, improving the browsing experience. They also help to ensure that the advertising content displayed online is more targeted to a user and his interests. If the user decides to disable cookies, this could influence and / or limit his browsing experience within the Sites, for example he may not be able to visit certain sections of a Site or he may not receive personalized information when he visits the Sites. The operating modes as well as the options to limit or block cookies can be adjusted by changing the settings of your internet browser. Most internet browsers are initially set up to accept cookies automatically, however the user can change these settings to block cookies or to be warned whenever cookies are sent to his device. There are several ways to manage cookies, for this purpose you need to refer to the help screen of your browser to check how to adjust or change the settings of the same. The user is enabled, in fact, to change the default configuration and disable cookies (i.e. block them permanently), setting the highest level of protection. Below is the path to follow to manage cookies from the following browsers: Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=it-IT&hlrm=fr&hlrm=en Internet Explorer: http: // windows. microsoft.com/it-it/windows7/block-enable-or-allow-cookies Safari: http://support.apple.com/kb/PH11913 Firefox: http://support.mozilla.org/it-IT/ kb / enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences If the user uses different devices to view and access the Sites (for example, computers, smartphones, tablets, etc.), he must make sure that each browser on each device is adjusted to reflect your cookie preferences. To delete cookies from the Internet browser of your smartphone / tablet, it is necessary to refer to the user manual of the device. The Sites use different types of cookies, each of which has a specific function. The site uses cookies to make navigation easier and to better adapt both the loaded pages and their products to the interests and needs of users. Cookies can also be used to speed up future user experiences and activities on the site. In addition, cookies are used to compile aggregate anonymous statistics that allow you to understand how users use the site and to improve the structure and content of the sites themselves. Below is an explanatory list. Technical cookies "Technical" cookies are essential for the proper functioning of the site and allow users to browse the site and take advantage of its features (for example, allow the storage of previous actions or allow you to save the user's session and / or to perform other activities that are strictly necessary for the functioning of the site). This category also includes "analytical" cookies that help to understand how users interact with the site by providing information relating to the last page visited, the number of sections and pages visited, the time spent on the site and each event that emerged in the course of navigation, such as an error message, and help to understand any difficulty that the user encounters in using the site. This information may be associated with user details such as IP address, domain or browser; however, they are analyzed together with information from other users so as not to identify one particular user with respect to the other. These cookies are collected and aggregated anonymously and allow the site operator to improve the usability of the site. Finally, "functionality" cookies allow the site to remember the user's choices (for example the username) to provide the latter with a more personalized and optimized navigation. Functional cookies are not essential for the functioning of the Sites, but improve their quality and browsing experience. If you do not accept these cookies, the yield and functionality of the site may be lower and access to the contents of the site may be limited. Profiling cookies "Targeting" or "profiling" cookies are used to present content that is more suitable for the user and his interests. They can be used to display targeted advertisements, to publish advertisements tailored to the user's interests or to limit the number of times the user views an advertisement. In addition, they help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on the site; the site operator may use these cookies to remember the sites that the user has visited and share this information with third parties, including agencies and advertisers who may use their cookies to collect information on the activities that users perform on the site. "Sharing" (or social network) cookies are necessary to allow the user to interact with the Sites through their social account and are used, for example, to express appreciation and to share it with the related social contacts. The site uses or can use, also in combination with each other, cookies: - "session" cookies that are stored on the user's computer for mere technical-functional needs, for the transmission of session identifiers necessary to allow safe exploration and efficient site; they are canceled at the end of the "session" (hence the name) when the browser is closed; - "persistent" which remain stored on the computer's hard drive until their expiration or cancellation by users. Through persistent cookies, users who access the sites (or any other users who use the same computer) are automatically recognized at each visit. Third-party cookies When a user uses the site, some cookies that are not controlled by the site operator may be stored. This happens, for example, if the user visits a page that contains content from a third party website. Consequently, the user will receive cookies from these third party services. On third-party cookies, the site operator has no control over the information provided by the cookie and does not have access to such data. This information is totally controlled by third-party companies as described in the respective privacy policies. The following table shows the third-party cookies on the site. The latter fall under the direct and exclusive responsibility of the third party operator and are divided into the following macro-categories: - Analytical: these are the cookies used to collect and analyze statistical information on accesses / visits to the website. In some cases, associated with other information such as the credentials entered for access to restricted areas (your e-mail address and password), they can be used to profile the user (personal habits, visited sites, downloaded contents, types of interactions performed, etc.). - Widgets: This category includes all those graphic components of a user interface of a program, which aims to facilitate the user in interacting with the program itself (for example, Facebook, Google+, Twitter cookies are widgets) . - Advertising: This category includes the cookies used to provide advertising services within a site. If the user does not wish to receive third-party cookies on his device, he can, through the links below, access the information and consent forms of said third parties and exclude their receipt. These cookies are not controlled directly by the Site, therefore, to withdraw consent, it is necessary to refer to the websites of third parties or refer to the site http://www.youronlinechoices.com/it/ to obtain information on how to delete or manage cookies based on the browser used and to manage preferences on third-party profiling cookies. The best independent quality We have teamed up to be large, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts