Dayco | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog Dayco Home Brands Dayco Group: Dayco ABOUT USDayco is a global leader in the research, design, manufacturing and distribution of essential engine products, drive systems and services for automobiles, trucks, construction, agriculture and industry.Dayco? S contributions are integral to how people get from place to place, goods are transported, food is harvested, and infrastructure is built. Does the company operate according to long-held values? keeping promises, delivering on time all the time, and an intense commitment to service no matter what the obstacles. For more than a century, Dayco has overcome challenges, emerging stronger and smarter at every turn.Dayco improves how the world moves by creating products, systems and relationships that endure. Move Forward. Always.? STORYNothing is more critical to human progress than movement. Today, we? Re all part of a global movement economy? a dynamic flow of people, products, systems and relationships.With ever-greater power, this movement economy rushes along with unstoppable force. It is driven by technology, consumer needs and government rules. It shapes and re-shapes the strategies of manufacturers, distributors, and retailers worldwide. But in the seeming chaos of economic disruption and change, there are certain constants. Like the value of keeping promises? the ability to deliver on time, all the time? and the commitment to service no matter what the obstacles. These are the basis for building personal and professional relationships that last? partnerships that endure.There is no company that understands the power of endurance better than Dayco. Dayco itself has endured, despite tough odds? always coming out stronger, smarter, and more resilient. On the strength of more than 110 years of experience, Dayco has continuously improved how the world moves by creating products, systems and relationships that endure.Some things will never change.VALUESRESPONSIVENESSWe are quick to listen and to act.We respond directly to the need at hand. Our ability to be reachable, to be open, to be nimble, and to adapt helps us maintain and deepen the relationships we thrive on - with our customers, and among ourselves.INGENUITY We excel at finding new ways of getting the job done.We relish challenges and strive to meet them head-on. We are clever, original and inventive in how we develop solutions. Over the years, we have pioneered many firsts - and will pioneer many more in the years to come. INTEGRITY We practice integrity as the three-part discipline it is.The soundness of our products, which must perform without fail. Being honest and open with everyone we work with. The wholeness of our company, as one enterprise.FORESIGHTWe anticipate what's around the corner and prepare to take advantage of new opportunities.We've always been good at looking ahead. We haven't endured for more than 100 years by waiting around for change to come to us; rather, we've learned that standing still is not an option, and we push ourselves to always look and think ahead. COLLABORATION We depend on each other to succeed.We share best practices, no matter where we live and work. Collaboration is the only way to learn and grow as one organization. It is also the only way to learn what matters most to our customers and to grow by deepening our relationships with them.STRENGTHSFor more than 100 years, Dayco has cultivated fundamental strengths which explain how our company creates value, and are the pillars of our identity .A Drive to InnovateDayco has a history of industry leading firsts that have improved the effectiveness, efficiency and impact of products in ways that are continuously benefiting customers and consumers alike.An Instinct for Pushing the Boundaries of EnduranceDayco understands the power of? Building things to last ,? which shows up in our products, our customer relationships and within the very DNA of our company.A Bias Toward System DynamicsDayco provides solutions that are based on how components operate together, positively affecting their performance and perceived value.An Urge to ServeDayco is? and has always been? driven to help our customers succeed and to improve how end-users live and work, every day. Dayco Catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Corteco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan STC Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search a service or a self-service store Service AD ​​AUTOCENTRO REPAIRS SNCV.le BUONARROTI, 16, NOVARA (NO) Details Service AD ​​GO TO MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog AD World news - December 19 Updates and news from AD Europe world Read more Follow us on Your reviews Thank you for resolving my problem promptly, in a few hours I resumed my journey nunziobiuso - ap car service by angelo puzzello The best independent quality We have teamed up to be great, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts