Corteco | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why join us Contact us Promotions Blog Corteco Home Brands Corteco Group: Corteco ABOUT USCorteco is one of the leading spare parts suppliers for the independent aftermarket. As a member of the Freudenberg Group we supply over 20,000 original quality products. Independent workshops trust CORTECO products as original quality products under the Freudenberg brand.Corteco has production sites and distribution centers in 15 different countries, but thanks to belonging to the Freudenberg Group, we can reach our customers in over 60 countries all over the world.Our guiding principlesIn 1887 Carl Johann Freudenberg gave rise to a new entrepreneurial culture, which, passing down over time, has overcome decades of social changes and industrial innovations. The same principles of that time still influence our corporate culture in the daily relationships we have with employees, partners, customers, local communities, neighbors and many other stakeholders. Since 2014 we have introduced a new organizational model that meets the requirements of Legislative Decree 231 / 01. Corteco Catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan STC Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search a service or store TO.SO OFFICINA Service AD ​​To.so Officina SrlVia Aldo Moro 1, Muccia (MC) Details Service AD ​​GO TO MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 Read more Follow us on Your Reviews Thank you for resolving my problem promptly, in a few hours I resumed my journey nunziobiuso - ap car service by angelo puzzello The best independent quality We have teamed up to be great, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts