Mann Filter | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why affiliate Contact us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog Mann Filter Home Brands Mann Filter Group : MANN + HUMMEL Our language: filtration! "Our vision: 'Leadership in Filtration'. Filtration separates the useful from the harmful? Something we are committed to working on every day." (Alfred Weber, CEO) Welcome to MANN + HUMMEL More than 75 years of experience in the area of ​​filtration? in the course of its history MANN + HUMMEL started as a small factory producing filters and grew to become a company group with global operations. Today we are proud to be a leading global filtration specialist. We develop solutions for motor cars and industrial applications and enable clean air in interior spaces and the sustainable use of water. In figures MANN + HUMMEL stands for: More than 20,000 employees at over 80 locations with over 1,000 R&D specialists, more than 3,000 patents and a turnover of 3.5 billion euros We produce 24 filter elements every second. Just at the Marklkofen plant? the largest filter factory in the world? we produce more than 170 million filters. But still we are not satisfied. Innovation is normal for us. We develop and produce cutting edge technology for the health and mobility of people. Our product range includes air cleaners, intake manifold systems, liquid filter systems, technical plastic components, filter media, cabin filters, industrial filters and membrane filters. We are constantly working on our vision of "Leadership in Filtration" .We invite you to get to know MANN + HUMMEL? our company, our business areas, our employees? so that you too can immerse yourself in the exciting world of filtration which is our daily work. For more than 75 years. And in future. Mann Filter Catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan STC Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search a service or an LV LV Service AD ​​store SERVICE di Loffredo VittorioVia Fiumitello, 10, MENOCALZATI (AV) Service Details GO TO THE MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog News from the world AD Europe - December 19 Updates and news from the world AD Europe Read all Follow us on Your reviews EXCELLENT EXTREMELY FRIENDLY PERSONAL ASSISTANCE Chiara77 - ap car service by angelo puzzello The best independent quality We have teamed up to be great, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts