Champion | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog Champion Home Brands Champion Group: Federal Mogul The Champion brand is known all over the world: for over a hundred years, in fact, it has been dealing with the production of spare parts for different types of vehicles. If the product that made this brand famous in the world are the candles (distributed by RMS since July 2012), Champion is also recognized for its sophisticated oil filters. Thanks to major investments in Research and Development, Champion has been able to design a range of oil filters which, in terms of quality, exceeds the standards indicated for the first system. The use of top quality materials combined with maximum precision during construction, give Champion oil filters excellent performance both on and off the road as well as maximum durability. RMS is proud to be joined again by the name Champion: after the candles, we will also begin to distribute the oil filters that will be available in stock from February 1, 2013. We have chosen to distribute this product not only because Champion oil filters are available for most of the circulating motorbike and scooter fleet (see the list of applications) but above all because they guarantee above average quality thanks to different technologies: they are equipped with a particular filter paper impregnated with a special resin that also removes contaminants from the oil more harmful. This filter paper, made with integrated and overlapping layers of fibers, is subsequently pleated and mechanically fixed to guarantee rigidity, efficiency in the flow of oil, resistance and maximum filtering; the bypass valve of the Champion oil filters is a safety precaution that ensures the continuous flow of oil to the engine even in the event that the filter medium becomes clogged; the risk of abrasion to the engine is reduced by the presence of the anti-siphon valve which prevents the backflow of oil towards the filter, in this way the harmful "dry starts" are avoided; the correct oil supply when the engine is started is guaranteed by the anti-drain valve, made with the best quality rubber, which prevents backflow towards the sump; the risk of oil leakage at temperatures ranging from -30 ° C to + 100 ° C is minimized by the specific gasket made of nitrite-butadlene and equipped with a threaded steel stop. So very soon, RMS will be able to boast of the distribution not only of spark plugs, but also of Champion oil filters: for further information on the product, do not hesitate to contact your local Agent, and remember that you can start ordering Champion oil filters starting from from 1 February 2013. Champion Catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat Spidan STC Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search for a service or an autosanremo store Service AD ​​AUTOSANREMO DI D'AGOSTINO ANTONIOVIA MONTE ALBERGIAN, 12 / C, TORINO (TO) Service details AD GO TO THE MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 ADIRA - VADEMECUM COVID 19 Read more Follow us on Your reviews Thank you for resolving my problem promptly, in a few hours I resumed my nuncio journey biuso - ap car service by angelo puzzello The best independent quality We have teamed up to be large, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts