Spidan | Brands | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog Spidan Home Brands Spidan Group: Spidan 250 years of exceptional engineering Dowlais ironworks In 2009, 250 years have passed since the foundation of GKN, to celebrate a legacy that has its roots in the Industrial Revolution. Today's GKN is active in a wide range of industries and technologies, but the its past is in an ironworks founded by the small Welsh community of Dowlais in 1759. Thanks to the pioneering vision and inventiveness of the people who managed the company at its beginning, and in particular to Thomas Guest, the ironworks of Dowlais acquired an importance more and more until they become famous in the world for their excellence. In the mid-19th century the introduction of the Bessemer process started the production of steel and once again Dowlais was at the forefront of innovation and was able to create commercial ties on an international basis. Finally, in 1857, the company opened the largest plant in the world. At the beginning of the 1900s Guest, Arthur Keen's screw and bolt company and the world's largest screw manufacturer Nettlefolds came together to found the GKN. The company became a world leader in the production of nuts, bolts, screws and fastening systems. The company was interested in any aspect of the production process: from mining to industry. Between the early 1920s and the late 1930s, its position on the market strengthened thanks to a series of commercial acquisitions mainly in the United Kingdom. In 1920, however, the company continued to expand overseas by taking over John Lysaght, a steel plant active in Australia. Four years later there was the acquisition of Guest Keen, William Ltd, in Asia, one of the main engineering businesses in India. In the 1950s there was a period of expansion which saw GKN identify and invest in various sectors of the industry, production and services. At the same time, his worldwide interests grew with acquisitions and new commercial launches that formed the strategic foundations in every continent. One of the main growth sectors was that of products for the automotive industry. Following the overwhelming innovation that followed the introduction of the front-wheel drive Mini, in 1959 GKN managed to ride the wave of a rapidly growing market for the production of constant velocity joints to be mounted on the new generation of front-wheel drive cars. In 1966 GKN acquired Birfield, a group comprising highly diversified businesses. The acquisition included a Uni-Cardan and other important patents for constant velocity joints. Since then, GKN has always remained at the forefront in the production of automotive components and transmission systems, successfully designing and distributing new products able to meet the changing needs of the global market. GKN expansion in the 20th century he also saw it broaden its prospects in the aviation industry, in off-highway systems and in the production and application of metal powders. In 1986 the company changed its name to GKN plc, a passage that symbolically indicated the abandonment of steel and steel products to which the company was historically connected. While celebrating an epochal milestone, GKN has profoundly fallen into the commercial activities of a 21st century business group that operates worldwide to provide traditionally consolidated and emerging markets with cutting-edge products, technologies and services. At the same time, GKN promotes the innovative spirit and commercial management always oriented towards the future that have determined its success since its beginnings in the XIIXth century. Spidan Catalog Other brands AHE Alkar AVA Bosch Castrol Champion Corteco Dayco Delco Remy Denso Elring Fag Ferodo Gates INA Japanparts Kyb Luk Mann Filter Metelli Mobil Monroe Moog NGK NRF NTN-SNR Osram Payen Philips RAV SACHS Sando Sidat STC Trw UFI filters Valeo ZF Search a service or store bellauto flli fella Service Giadi BELLAUTO DEI F.LLI FELLAVia S. Lorenzo 2, Bella (PZ) Details Service Giadi GO TO MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog World news AD Europe - December 19 Updates and news from the world of AD Europe Read more Follow us on Your reviews thanks Sandro, for the assistance. Chiara77 - burlin auto center The best independent quality We have teamed up to be large, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts