domenichini franco | DOMENICHINI FRANCO, CASINA (RE) | Ad Giadi Search the network Log in Email Password Log in or Create account Forgot password? Toggle navigation The network About us The project AD-Giadi Services Stores Distributors Brands Contacts For the motorist Why choose us Services offered Request a quote Search Workshop The service Why join us The store Why affiliate Contact us Promotions Blog domenichini franco CASINA (RE) Service Giadi Home Service Giadi domenichini franco DOMENICHINI FRANCO Service Giadi Zoom map Via Roma, 14 / A42034, CASINA (RE) Tel .: 0522609502 Fax: 0522609502 franco.domenichini@alice.it Weekdays: 08:30 - 12:30 Weekdays: 14:30 - 18:30 Preferred times: 08:00 - 12:00 adgiadi.com/n/domenichinifranco Excellent (1) Average (0) Poor (0) Description and services Images Feedbacks (1) Sundays free Franco Mechanical workshop in able to operate on any type of car, and which has all the basic skills and equipment to guarantee quality and efficiency on repairs carried out. The workshop operates in compliance with the "Pact with the Motorist", guaranteeing the Group's criteria of transparency and professionalism. It achieves a continuous growth of skills through the technical training plans made available to all affiliates, and is characterized by efficiency and responsiveness in dealing with problems related to the continuous technological development of the park in circulation on a daily basis. The operators of the workshop are professionals who place the network at the highest levels in the independent car repair sector, thanks to the enthusiasm and passion that are fundamental elements of their work. Services offered Periodic maintenance Seasonal CheckUp Replacement of wiper blades Coupon car under warranty Mother House (EU Law 461/2010) Certificate coupon Engine repair services Engine performance analysis Maintenance / Replacement of water pump and / or thermostat Maintenance / Replacement of water and / or radiator Oil Engine Tuning Replacement of Spark Plugs / Glow Plugs / Spark Plug Cables / Lambda Probes Head Replacement Leak Check Engine Oil Check / Replacement Belt / Chain Kit Timing and / or Services Check / Replacement Brake Hoses CheckUp Braking System Adjusting Parking Brake Replacement Brake Discs Replacement Brake Shoes Replacement Brake Replacement Brake Pad Replacement Drum Brake Steering and suspension Maintenance / Replacement Steering Gear and / or components Maintenance / Replacement Suspension / Shock Absorber Repair of axle and differential Maintenance / Replacement Differential Maintenance / Replacement Wheel Hub and / or Cushions Net Maintenance / Replacement Drive shafts and / or CV joint Exhaust gas system Exhaust Gas Control Maintenance / Replacement Muffler Heating, cooling and air conditioning Maintenance / Repair Refrigerant Gas Recharge System Gearbox and Clutch Replacement Clutch Kit Electrical system Computerized Diagnosis Maintenance / Battery Replacement Maintenance / Headlight Replacement Repair / Replacement Alternator Repair / Replacement Electric Window Lift Repair / Replacement Central Lock Repair / Replacement Lamps Repair / Replacement Starter Motor Repair / Replacement Sunroof Road Assistance Road Towing Truck Workshop Mobile Workshop Excellent Workshop | by Chiara77 of 05/24/2017 I found myself in trouble and Franco was proverbial Search for a service or a store Autoriparazioni Bonsi Service AD ​​Autoriparazioni BonsiVia F. Filzi 22, Gardone V.T. (BS) Service Details AD GO TO MAP Quick quote Request for your car From the blog News from the world AD Europe - December 19 Updates and news from the world AD Europe Read more Follow us on Your reviews thanks Sandro, for the assistance. Chiara77 - burlin auto center The best independent quality We have teamed up to be large, independent and everywhere. AD-Giadi is the new Italian brand in the aftermarket spare parts distribution scene born from the union of Autodistribution Italia and Giadi Group. Two realities and two visions united by the same market that in 2013 came together in a brand born to be big ... Tell me more Autodistribution Italia spa Registered office: via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin (TO) - P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02212670067 REA: TO1149142 info@autodistribuzioneitalia.com GIADI GROUP SRL Registered office: Via Bruno Buozzi 10 - 10123 Turin P.IVA / C.F. and reg. companies n: 02118631205 REA: TO964843 info@giadiservice.com Commercial and Administrative Office: Prima Strada 68 - 35129 Padua Newsletter E-mail address Send Copyright © 2020 AdGiadi.com All rights reserved. Made by n99.it. The brands shown on this site are the exclusive property of car manufacturers, manufacturers and manufacturers, and are used only for informational and promotional purposes. Toggle navigation Home About us Privacy Contacts