Moldan Erlangen - Auto Glass Repair Service Hotline: +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-0 info@moldan.de Home Moldan GmbH Services Accident Repair SPOT-Repair Auto Glass Repair Paintwork Retaining Value Business Care Accident? Contact Home Moldan GmbH Services Accident Repairs SPOT-Repair Auto Glass Repair Paintwork Value Preservation Business Care Accident? Contact Auto Glass Repair You are here: Moldan GmbH / Services / Auto Glass Repair Accident Repair SPOT Repair Auto Glass Repair Paintwork Retaining Value Business Care Emergency Accident Help Auto Glass Repair The most common auto glass damage is caused by stone chips. You surely know this yourself: you sit in the car, think of no evil and it happened. If vibrations and large temperature fluctuations are added, the crack in the windshield is not long in coming. Of course, we can then easily replace the disc for you. But we can also help you much earlier and prevent worse by repairing your stone chips. We would be happy to advise you personally whether we can still save your windshield or whether an exchange is necessary. If there is no way around a new windshield, we not only take care that the windshield is replaced in no time, but we also handle the insurance matters for you. Free, thanks to your partial comprehensive insurance! As a rule, the repair costs are covered by your comprehensive insurance. In the case of an exchange, the insurance companies will reimburse 100 percent of the costs. You only have to pay the agreed deductible (normally € 150). There will be no downgrading of your no-claims discount. If you do not have partial coverage or your insurance does not cover glass damage for you, then you can benefit from our fair offers. Talk to us - we would be happy to make you an offer tailored to your wishes! Why Moldova? Since 1949, Moldan GmbH in the Erlangen area has stood for high quality and outstanding services. Our customers' trust and the quality of our services are the focus of our work. We offer you: maximum security guaranteed inventory mobility fast handling no bureaucratic effort Frequently asked questions Do I need an appointment? We can offer you an estimate at any time without an appointment! If repairs are required, we will coordinate the other dates with you. What documents should I bring with me? In addition to your vehicle documents such as vehicle registration, police reports (if available) in a traffic accident and game certificate in a game accident are required for processing with your insurance company. More documents can be found here. Are the spare parts original? We are specialists for every car brand! Like an authorized workshop, we obtain our spare parts directly from the manufacturers! Thus, in addition to our service guarantee, we can offer original brand spare parts of your manufacturer up to 2 years warranty. Am Anger 38 D-91052 Erlangen service mail info@moldan.de service hotline +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-0 contact information Am Anger 38, D-91052 Erlangen phone: +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-0 fax : +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-88 E-Mail: info@moldan.de Our services Paintwork of all kinds Accident repair Auto glass repair Body work Plastic repair Car restoration Most wanted keywords ACCIDENT TÜV SPOT-REPAIR PAINTING VALUE MAINTENANCE HELL DAMAGE REPROCESSING LEASING VEHICLE Opening times GLASS CHARGING : 30 am - 5 pm Tuesday: 7:30 am - 5 pm Wednesday: 7:30 am - 5 pm Thursday: 7:30 am - 5 pm Friday: 7:30 am - 4 pm Saturday: 10 am - 12 pm: 00 Sunday: Closed © Copyright 2015 Moldan GmbH designed by Studentit Mediadesign | imprint