Moldan Erlangen - Retention of value Service hotline: +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-0 info@moldan.de Home Moldan GmbH Services Accident repair SPOT-Repair Auto glass repair paintwork Retention of value Business Care Accident? Contact Home Moldan GmbH Services Accident Repairs SPOT-Repair Auto Glass Repair Paintwork Value Preservation Business Care Accident? Contact Value Retention You are here: Moldan GmbH / Services / Value Retention Accident Repair SPOT-Repair Auto Glass Repair Paintwork Value Retention Business Care Emergency Accident Retention Value Retention When returning the leased vehicle or selling the used one, there are often unexpected extra costs or price losses due to the deduction of minor damage . Your contractual partners usually set extensive repair costs without considering cheap methods. We give you an overview beforehand of what damage would be objected to when selling or returning the lease and offer you inexpensive alternatives to remedy the defect. In the end, you decide what to do. Savings As experienced experts, we know exactly what aspects experienced car buyers pay particular attention to, both indoors and outdoors. By using the SPOT repair process, we are able to repair this damage inexpensively and as gently as possible. As a rule, the processed areas are no longer recognizable after the repair. The effects on the resale value and the cost of returning the lease are immense. You save cash. Why Moldova? Since 1949, Moldan GmbH in the Erlangen area has stood for high quality and outstanding services. Our customers' trust and the quality of our services are the focus of our work. We offer you: maximum security guaranteed inventory mobility fast handling no bureaucratic effort Frequently asked questions Do I need an appointment? We can offer you an estimate at any time without an appointment! If repairs are required, we will coordinate the other dates with you. What documents should I bring with me? In addition to your vehicle documents such as vehicle registration, police reports (if available) in a traffic accident and game certificate in a game accident are required for processing with your insurance company. More documents can be found here. Are the spare parts original? We are specialists for every car brand! Like an authorized workshop, we obtain our spare parts directly from the manufacturers! Thus, in addition to our service guarantee, we can offer original brand spare parts of your manufacturer up to 2 years warranty. Am Anger 38 D-91052 Erlangen service mail info@moldan.de service hotline +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-0 contact information Am Anger 38, D-91052 Erlangen phone: +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-0 fax : +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-88 E-Mail: info@moldan.de Our services Paintwork of all kinds Accident repair Auto glass repair Body work Plastic repair Car restoration Most wanted keywords ACCIDENT TÜV SPOT-REPAIR PAINTING VALUE MAINTENANCE HELL DAMAGE REPROCESSING LEASING VEHICLE Opening times GLASS CHARGING : 30 am - 5 pm Tuesday: 7:30 am - 5 pm Wednesday: 7:30 am - 5 pm Thursday: 7:30 am - 5 pm Friday: 7:30 am - 4 pm Saturday: 10 am - 12 pm: 00 Sunday: Closed © Copyright 2015 Moldan GmbH designed by Studentit Mediadesign | imprint