Moldan Erlangen - Accident Repair Service Hotline: +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-0 info@moldan.de Home Moldan GmbH Services Accident Repair SPOT-Repair Auto Glass Repair Paintings Value Retention Business Care Accident? Contact Home Moldan GmbH Services Accident Repairs SPOT-Repair Auto Glass Repair Paintwork Value Preservation Business Care Accident? Contact Accident Repairs You are here: Moldan GmbH / Services / Accident Repairs Accident Repairs SPOT-Repair Auto Glass Repairs Paintings Value Preservation Business Care Emergency Accident Repair Accident Repair Whether parking dents, paint scratches or major accidents - we are there for you in case of an accident. No matter which car brand you trust - we repair every vehicle, regardless of brand, color or age. As a DEKRA & EUROGARANT-certified workshop, we have the certified know-how and the equipment to carry out all repairs professionally. The costs of the repair are always 100% calculated for you in advance - surprises excluded! Security & guarantee You entrust us with your damaged vehicle. Through our repair experience, we ensure maximum safety and the greatest possible value retention of your car. And that guarantees: repairs before expensive parts replacement Parts replacement only with original spare parts Vehicle measurement and, if applicable, straightening bench use Repair only according to manufacturer's specifications 3-year Eurogarant guarantee Entry to the manufacturer's guarantee Certified specialist and master workshop Comfort & mobility In the event of damage, our comfort services ensure that your vehicle is repaired runs as conveniently and smoothly as possible for you: if necessary, picking up the damaged vehicle, handing over an accident replacement car, digital damage assessment and calculation, fast, timely repair of the interior and exterior cleaning, handing over of the vehicle and documents, taking over the bureaucratic handling. Why to Moldova? Since 1949, Moldan GmbH in the Erlangen area has stood for high quality and outstanding services. Our customers' trust and the quality of our services are the focus of our work. We offer you: maximum security guaranteed inventory mobility fast handling no bureaucratic effort Frequently asked questions Do I need an appointment? We can offer you an estimate at any time without an appointment! If repairs are required, we will coordinate the other dates with you. What documents should I bring with me? In addition to your vehicle documents such as vehicle registration, police reports (if available) in a traffic accident and game certificate in a game accident are required for processing with your insurance company. More documents can be found here. Are the spare parts original? We are specialists for every car brand! Like an authorized workshop, we obtain our spare parts directly from the manufacturers! Thus, in addition to our service guarantee, we can offer original brand spare parts of your manufacturer up to 2 years warranty. Am Anger 38 D-91052 Erlangen service mail info@moldan.de service hotline +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-0 contact information Am Anger 38, D-91052 Erlangen phone: +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-0 fax : +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-88 E-Mail: info@moldan.de Our services Paintwork of all kinds Accident repair Auto glass repair Body work Plastic repair Car restoration Most wanted keywords ACCIDENT TÜV SPOT-REPAIR PAINTING VALUE MAINTENANCE HELL DAMAGE REPROCESSING LEASING VEHICLE Opening times GLASS CHARGING : 30 am - 5 pm Tuesday: 7:30 am - 5 pm Wednesday: 7:30 am - 5 pm Thursday: 7:30 am - 5 pm Friday: 7:30 am - 4 pm Saturday: 10 am - 12 pm: 00 Sunday: Closed © Copyright 2015 Moldan GmbH designed by Studentit Mediadesign | imprint