Moldan Erlangen - Imprint Service hotline: +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-0 info@moldan.de Home Moldan GmbH Services Accident repair SPOT-Repair Auto glass repair Paintwork Value retention Business care accident? Contact Home Moldan GmbH Services Accident Repairs SPOT-Repair Auto Glass Repair Paintwork Value Preservation Business Care Accident? Contact Imprint You are here: Moldan GmbH / Imprint Imprint Information obligations according to §§ 5 TMG, 2 DL-InfoV and 55 RStV: Moldan GmbH Address: Am Anger 38, 91052 Erlangen Managing Director: Bernhard Overbeck Phone: +49 (0) 9131/533088 -0 Fax: +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-88 E-Mail: info@moldan.de Register court: Fürth HRB: HRB 4010 VAT ID: DE132500269 Liability for content As a service provider we are responsible for according to § 7 Abs.1 TMG own content on these pages responsible according to the general laws. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, we as a service provider are not obliged to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the time we become aware of a specific legal violation. As soon as we become aware of such violations, we will remove this content immediately. Liability for links Our offer contains links to external third-party websites, the content of which we have no influence on. For this reason, we cannot accept any liability for this external content. The respective provider or operator is always responsible for the content of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time the link was created. No illegal content was discernible at the time the link was created. A permanent control of the content of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of an infringement. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately. Copyright The content and works on this website created by Moldan GmbH are subject to German copyright law. The duplication, processing, distribution and any kind of use outside the limits of copyright law require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of this site are not permitted. Insofar as the content on this page was not created by Moldan GmbH, the copyrights of third parties are observed. In particular contents of third parties are marked as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, please let us know. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such content immediately. Data protection The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration. When you use this website, various personal data are collected. Personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. This data protection declaration explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this is done. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from third-party access. Contact person We take care of compliance with data protection regulations in all areas. If you have any questions, you can also contact us directly. Write to: Moldan GmbH Am Anger 38 91052 Erlangen You can reach us at info@moldan.de or at 09131 / 533088-0. The responsible body is the natural or legal person who, alone or together with others, decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names, email addresses or similar). Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal email to us. The legality of the data processing carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. Your rights You are entitled to request information about the data we have stored about you and to request authorization in the event of incorrect data or deletion of the data in the event of inadmissible data storage. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority. Server log files The website provider automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are: - browser type and browser version - operating system used - referrer URL - host name of the accessing computer - time of server request - IP address Google Web Fonts This page uses so-called web fonts, which are provided by Google, for the uniform display of fonts. When you call up a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache in order to display texts and fonts correctly. For this purpose, the browser you are using must connect to the Google servers. This gives Google knowledge that our website has been accessed via your IP address. Google Web Fonts are used in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font will be used by your computer. Further information on Google Web Fonts can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google's privacy policy: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. Google Maps This page uses the Google Maps map service via an API. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. To use the functions of Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this page has no influence on this data transmission. The use of Google Maps is in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers and to make it easier to find the places we have indicated on the website. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. More information on the handling of user data can be found in Google's data protection declaration: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de. Dispute settlement for consumers The Moldan company does not participate in consumer arbitration proceedings under the Consumer Dispute Settlement Act. Disputes about the concluded contract and its execution can be negotiated before the agency of the body and vehicle builder Middle Franconia, Rosenplütstraße 2, 90439 Nuremberg. Am Anger 38 D-91052 Erlangen service mail info@moldan.de service hotline +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-0 contact information Am Anger 38, D-91052 Erlangen phone: +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-0 fax : +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-88 E-Mail: info@moldan.de Our services Paintwork of all kinds Accident repair Auto glass repair Body work Plastic repair Car restoration Most wanted keywords ACCIDENT TÜV SPOT-REPAIR PAINTING VALUE MAINTENANCE HELL DAMAGE REPROCESSING LEASING VEHICLE Opening times GLASS CHARGING : 30 am - 5 pm Tuesday: 7:30 am - 5 pm Wednesday: 7:30 am - 5 pm Thursday: 7:30 am - 5 pm Friday: 7:30 am - 4 pm Saturday: 10 am - 12 pm: 00 Sunday: Closed © Copyright 2015 Moldan GmbH designed by Studentit Mediadesign | imprint