Moldan Erlangen - SPOT-Repair Service-Hotline: +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-0 info@moldan.de Home Moldan GmbH Services Accident Repair SPOT-Repair Auto Glass Repair Paintings Value Retention Business Care Accident? Contact Home Moldan GmbH Services Accident Repairs SPOT-Repair Auto Glass Repair Paintwork Value Preservation Business Care Accident? Contact SPOT-Repair You are here: Moldan GmbH / Services / SPOT-Repair Accident repair SPOT-Repair Auto glass repair paintwork Preservation of value Business Care Emergency aid SPOT-Repair Not every small damage to the vehicle has to be tackled with the costly means. With excellent work results, the SPOT repair technologies represent high-quality alternatives to conventional repairs or expensive parts replacement. The costs and the time required for the application of the services are generally significantly less. The vehicle is also repaired as gently as possible. Here at MOLDAN you can be sure: We will tell you exactly where the use of SPOT-Repair makes sense and where classic repair procedures and parts replacement are technically unavoidable. Areas of application Not all damage can be eliminated with Spot Repair. The decisive factor is the size of the damage and its position. The graphic on the right shows you which body zones are suitable for the use of spot repair. Green area: ideally suited Yellow area: partially suitable Red area: not suitable Why go to Moldan? Since 1949, Moldan GmbH in the Erlangen area has stood for high quality and outstanding services. Our customers' trust and the quality of our services are the focus of our work. We offer you: maximum security guaranteed inventory mobility fast handling no bureaucratic effort Frequently asked questions Do I need an appointment? We can offer you an estimate at any time without an appointment! If repairs are required, we will coordinate the other dates with you. What documents should I bring with me? In addition to your vehicle documents such as vehicle registration, police reports (if available) in a traffic accident and game certificate in a game accident are required for processing with your insurance company. More documents can be found here. Are the spare parts original? We are specialists for every car brand! Like an authorized workshop, we obtain our spare parts directly from the manufacturers! Thus, in addition to our service guarantee, we can offer original brand spare parts of your manufacturer up to 2 years warranty. Am Anger 38 D-91052 Erlangen service mail info@moldan.de service hotline +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-0 contact information Am Anger 38, D-91052 Erlangen phone: +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-0 fax : +49 (0) 9131 / 533088-88 E-Mail: info@moldan.de Our services Paintwork of all kinds Accident repair Auto glass repair Body work Plastic repair Car restoration Most wanted keywords ACCIDENT TÜV SPOT-REPAIR PAINTING VALUE MAINTENANCE HELL DAMAGE REPROCESSING LEASING VEHICLE Opening times GLASS CHARGING : 30 am - 5 pm Tuesday: 7:30 am - 5 pm Wednesday: 7:30 am - 5 pm Thursday: 7:30 am - 5 pm Friday: 7:30 am - 4 pm Saturday: 10 am - 12 pm: 00 Sunday: Closed © Copyright 2015 Moldan GmbH designed by Studentit Mediadesign | imprint