Stiegler - bumps, dents, hail damage About us Services References Contact Imprint Data protection Data protection The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration. Our website can generally be used without providing personal data. Insofar as personal data (e.g. name, address or email address) is collected on our website, this is always done on a voluntary basis as far as possible. This data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from access by third parties. Cookies Some of the websites use so-called cookies. Cookies do no damage to your computer and contain no viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective and safer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies". They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted. Server log files The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are: Browser type and browser version Operating system used Referrer URL Host name of the accessing computer Time of the server request This data cannot be assigned to specific people. This data is not merged with other data sources. We reserve the right to check this data retrospectively if we become aware of specific indications of illegal use. Right to information, deletion, blocking You have the right to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing as well as a right to correction, blocking or deletion of this data at any time. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint, as well as for further questions on the subject of personal data. Source: eRecht24