Scania Global | Privacy Statement Cookies Scania Polska. It looks like you are logging in with. For more information, go to the Scania Poska website. Stay on the Polish website Poland globally My Scania select the sales region select production units Visit the global Scania site Return sales region Production units Products and services Future room Get to know us Configurator Dealers Configurator various privacy-statement cookies COOKIES POLICY Change your cookie settings Our website uses cookies. Below is further information about these cookies: what are they, what cookies do we use and for what purposes and how can you block or delete cookies. With the exception of cookies that are necessary to allow you to navigate the website and use its functions, we will only use cookies if you have agreed to this by checking the box "Yes, I accept the use of cookies". Please be advised that the lack of consent to the use of cookies may negatively affect the quality of browsing the websites. What is a cookie? Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information that are downloaded to the user's device during his visit to the website. Cookies are then sent to the website from which they originate or to another website which recognizes the cookie on each subsequent visit. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user's device. One type of cookie is permanently saved on your computer. It can then be used to customize this website based on your choices and interests. Another popular type of cookie is "session cookie." When a user visits a website, session cookies are sent between the user's computer and the server to collect information. Session cookies are not saved when you close your web browser. For more information on cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org. What do we use cookies for? We use cookies to personalize the content and ads of the website, to provide social media functions and to analyze the traffic on our website. We also share information about the use of our site with our partners in the field of social media, advertising and analytics. By clicking "I accept", you agree to the use of all cookies and sharing information. You can also manage your cookies by clicking on "Cookie settings" and selecting the categories you want to accept. For a more detailed explanation of how we use cookies, please visit our cookies section, which can be found by clicking on the link below this text. Cookies used on our website. We use the following categories of cookies on this website: Essential cookies Essential cookies are necessary for the operation of the website and cannot be turned off in our systems. They are usually a consequence of using services available as part of the website, such as privacy settings, logging in or filling out forms. You can set your browser to block these cookies or warn you about them, but then some parts of the site will not work. These cookies do not save any personal data. Analytical cookies: Analytical cookies allow us to count visits and traffic to our website, which allows us to improve it. They help us to find out which pages are the most and least popular and also to see how visitors visiting them navigate the site. All data collected by these cookies are aggregated and therefore remain anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, your visit to our website will not be included in our statistics and will not contribute to monitoring user behavior or improving the website. Functional cookies: Functional cookies enable better functionality and personalization of the website. They can be introduced by us or by the so-called (Third Party Providers (external service providers) (check our Cookies Policy for more information) whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these services may not work properly. If these cookies are activated, third-party providers may process your data, including personal data. Advertising cookies: Advertising cookies can be entered through our website through our advertising partners (check our Cookie Policy for more information). They can be used by these companies to profile your interests and show you relevant ads on other sites. They are based on a unique identification of your browser type and the type of Internet device you use. If you do not allow these cookies, the ads displayed will be less personalized. Social media cookies: Social media cookies are introduced by a number of social networking sites that we have added to our site to enable you to share our content with friends and networks (check our Cookie Policy for more information). They are able to track your browser on other websites and create a profile of your interests. This may affect the content and messages displayed on other pages you visit. If you do not allow these cookies, you may not be able to use or view the sharing tools. More information about the cookies we use can be found in our detailed list of cookies (below). Duration and quantity. We set the duration only for our own cookies; third party cookies are set by external providers. To learn more, visit the websites of third party providers and read their cookie policy. The following list contains an exhaustive list of all cookies that are used on all Scania.com websites, which means that depending on your country and your preferred websites, fewer cookies will be activated during your visit. How to block or delete cookies? When you visit the Scania website for the first time, please inform us about your cookie settings. You can customize your settings by clicking on "Cookie settings" and selecting or removing your preferences. If you click "I accept", all cookies will be accepted. The minimum range of cookies used while browsing our site is determined by the number of necessary cookies. If you do not want to accept cookies, you can change the settings of your web browser in such a way as to automatically block the saving of cookies or inform you when a website wants to save cookies on your computer. Previously stored cookies can also be deleted via a web browser. More information can be found on the web browser support pages. If you use several different devices to access our website (computer, tablet or smartphone), you must change your browser settings on all devices. Cookies used on the global Scania website Cookies used on the global Scania website Cookies Domain Goal Stored information Period Sharing _ga scania.com Tracking user activity Tracking reference ID Google Analytics _gat 2 years scania.com Tracking user activity Restricting traffic to Google Analytics 1 day Google Analytics _gid scania.com Tracking user activity Restricting traffic to Google Analytics 2 days Google Analytics AMCV_ <Random serial number> AdobeOrg scania.com Tracking user activity Tracking reference ID 2 years Adobe Analytics AMCVS_ <Random serial number> AdobeOrg scania.com Tracking user activity Tracking reference ID Adobe Analytics session only BIGipServeraempublish- <country> .scania.com_http_pool www.scania.com Preferred server for the Loadbalancer system session ID Only session No Non BIGipServeraempublish- <country> .scania.com_http_pool scania.com Pref Eraser server for Loadbalancer session ID session only. No BIGipServeraempublish- <country> .scania.com_https_pool www.scania.com Preferred server for Loadbalancer session ID only session No BIGipServerhotel-iis-prod-adcseso-int.scania.com_https_ssl_offloading_pool static.scania .com Preferred server for Loadbalancer Session ID system Only session No cookie message .scania.com Warning message about the use of cookies Confirmation of cookie usage by the user 250 years No S_cc .scania.com Tracking user activity Referrer Only Adobe Analytics session S_sq .scania .com Tracking User Activity Page ID Only Adobe Analytics Session Only S_scrolled .scania.com Tracking User Activity How Far The User Scrolled Down Page Only Adobe Analytics Session Only S_ppv / s_ppvl .scania.com Tracking User Activity Internal path on the published site where it is located user T only Adobe Analytics S_vi session <serial number> .2o7.net Tag management (dynamic project and code entry to the site) DTM tag reference ID 2 years Adobe Tag Tag Management S_lastvisit .scania.com Tracking user activity Last visit in ms since 1970-01 -01 3 years Adobe Analytics S_fid .scania.com Tracking user activity Analytics tracking ID 6 years Adobe Analytics sitesterActiveUserId, sitesterNth, sitesterReferrer, siteSterExposedId, sitesterExposedDateTimeID, sitesterDelayID .scania.com Online survey User interaction around survey questions, used during the response sequence survey Only Sitester session __utma scania.com User activity tracking Identifies unique web browsers 2 years Google Analytics __utmb scania.com User activity tracking User activity monitor 1.5 hours Google Analytics __utmc scania.com User activity tracking a User activity monitor Only Google Analytics session __utmz scania.com Tracking user activity Generated when the user visits the Scania.com website from Google search engine 6 months Google Analytics Necessary cookies Essential cookies Cookies Purpose Tool Domain Period BIGipServeraempublish-se.scania.com_http_pool Preferred server for load balancer. Load Balancer .scania.com Session only BIGipServeraempublish-se.scania.com_https_pool Preferred server for load balancer Load Balancer .scania.com Session only Confidentiality agreement "This cookie is used to remember the user's choice regarding cookies on scania.com. Where users have previously indicated their preferences, the user's preferences will be saved in this cookie. " Consent Cookie .scania.com 1 year s_cc Determines whether cookies are enabled. Adobe Marketing Cloud (**) .scania.com 1 year s_sq Stores information about a previously clicked link. Adobe Marketing Cloud .scania.com 1 year s_fid Visitor ID "placeholder". Contains a randomly generated unique identifier. Adobe Marketing Cloud .scania.com 2 years (**) Adobe Marketing Cloud - These cookies are used to collect anonymous information about how users use the site. This information is used to compile reports and help us improve the site. Click here for a privacy overview http://www.adobe.com/privacy.html Analytical cookies Analytical cookies Cookies Goal Servis Domain Period s_ppv Stores the percentage of scrolling the Adobe page Launch .scania.com 0 Days s_ppvl Stores the percentage of scrolling the Adobe page Launch .scania.com 0 Days s_scrolled Tracks path scrolls on Adobe Launch .scania.com 0 Days s_lastvisit Tracks when the user recently visited Adobe Launch .scania.com 1095 Days s_vi_xxxx Stores the unique user ID of Adobe Launch .2o7.net 730 Days gpv_pu Stores the page name of the previous page. Adobe Launch .scania.com 0 Days s_lv Stores length between visits Adobe Launch .scania.com 3 years _ga Stores the unique Google Analytics user ID .scania 730 Days _gid Stores values ​​for each Google Analytics page visited .scania 1 Day _gat Used to limit data on high-traffic websites Google Analytics .scania 0 Days __utma Used to track the behavior of Google Analytics visitors .onlinevacatures.nl 469 Days __utmb Used to track the behavior of Google Analytics visitors .onlinevacatures.nl 0 Days __utmt Used to track the behavior of Google Analytics visitors .onlinevacatures .nl 0 Days __utmc Used to track the behavior of Google Analytics visitors .onlinevacatures.nl 0 Days __utmz Used to track the behavior of Google Analytics visitors .twitter.com 0 Days Functional cookies Functional cookies Cookies Goal Service Domain Period BAIDUID Baidu Maps is an application Baidu mapping desktop and mobile mapping technology in China Baidu Map, baidu.com 1 year GPS Allows users to watch movies. We embed videos from a YouTube channel using the YouTube privacy mode. This mode can set cookies on your computer when you click the YouTube video player. YouTube .youtube.com 1 Day ID Allows users to watch videos. We embed videos from a YouTube channel using the YouTube privacy mode. This mode can set cookies on your computer when you click the YouTube video player. YouTube .doubleclick.net Session VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Allows users to watch videos. We embed videos from a YouTube channel using the YouTube privacy mode. This mode can set cookies on your computer when you click the YouTube video player. YouTube .youtube.com 8 Months _fbp Allows users to watch videos. We embed videos from a YouTube channel using the YouTube privacy mode. This mode can set cookies on your computer when you click the YouTube video player. YouTube .doubleclick.net 3 Months PREF Allows users to watch videos. We embed videos from a YouTube channel using the YouTube privacy mode. This mode can set cookies on your computer when you click the YouTube video player. YouTube .youtube.com 8 Months YSC Read more on the YouTube video embedding information page. YouTube .youtube.com cna session Allows users to watch videos. We embed videos from the Youku channel. This can set cookies on your computer when you click the Youku video player. Youku .youku.com 20 Years __ayft Allows users to watch movies. We embed videos from the Youku channel. This can set cookies on your computer when you click the Youku video player. Youku .youku.com Session __ayscnt Allows users to watch movies. We embed videos from the Youku channel. This can set cookies on your computer when you click the Youku video player. Youku .youku.com Session isg Allows users to watch movies. We embed videos from the Youku channel. This can set cookies on your computer when you click the Youku video player. Youku .youku.com 6 Months __ysuid Allows users to watch movies. We embed videos from the Youku channel. This can set cookies on your computer when you click the Youku.ayer video player. Youku .youku.com 20 Years __ayspstp Allows users to watch movies. We embed videos from the Youku channel. This can set cookies on your computer when you click the Youku video player. Youku .youku.com Session __arpvid Allows users to watch movies. We embed videos from the Youku channel. This can set cookies on your computer when you click the Youku video player. Youku .youku.com Session __aysid Lets users watch videos. We embed videos from the Youku channel. This can set cookies on your computer when you click the Youku video player. Youku .youku.com 1 Day atpsida Allows users to watch movies. We embed videos from the Youku channel. This can set cookies on your computer when you click the Youku video player. Youku .mmstat.com Session atpsidas Allows users to watch movies. We embed videos from the Youku channel. This can set cookies on your computer when you click the Youku video player. Youku .mmstat.com 10 Years XSRF-TOKEN Allows users to watch movies. We embed videos from the Youku channel. This can set cookies on your computer when you click the Youku video player. Youku api.youku.com Advertising session and social media cookies Advertising and social media cookies Cookies Purpose Service Domain Period yandexuid Tracks user activity on Yandex Search Console. Yandex.ru 3389 days yabs-dsp Tracks user activity on Yandex Search Console .yandex.ru 0 Days ASP.NET_SessionId General purpose of iPaper ipaper.ipapercms.dk 0 Days ActivityInfo2 Tracks user activity on AdCentric .serving-sys.com 3 Months u2 Tracks user activity on AdCentric .serving-sys.com 3 Months APISID Used to create the DoubleClick Floodlight Counter visitors' interest profile .google.co.uk 332 Days HSID Used to create the DoubleClick Floodlight Counter visitors' interest profile. 332 Days PREF Used to create the DoubleClick Floodlight Counter visitors' interest profile .google.co. uk 332 NID Days Used to create prof How many visitors interests DoubleClick Floodlight Counter .google.co.uk 0 Days ra1_sgm Used to display ads more relevant to the user RadiumOne .gwallet.com 103 Days ra1_pd Used to display ads more relevant to the user RadiumOne .gwallet.com 103 Days ra1_sid Used to display more relevant ads for the user RadiumOne .gwallet.com 104 Days RA1balancer Used to display more suitable ads for the user RadiumOne .gwallet.com 104 Days fr Used to display Facebook ads .facebook.com 3 Months _fbp Used to display Facebook ads .scania 0 Days UserMatchHistory. Used to display LinkedIn .linkedin.com ads 1 Month lang Used to display LinkedIn ads .ads.linkedin.com Session bcookie Used to display LinkedIn ads .linkedin.com 0 Days lang Used to display LinkedIn ads .linkedin.com Session lidc Served to display LinkedIn ads .linked in.com 0 Days lissc Used to display LinkedIn ads .linkedin.com 1 Year bscookie Used to display LinkedIn ads. www.linkedin.com 2 Years __qca Used to display LinkedIn ads .linkedin.com 150 Days visit Used to display LinkedIn ads www .linkedin.com 348 Days personalization_id Used to display Twitter ads .twitter.com 2 Years remixlang Used to display VK ads (Vkontakte) .vk.com 1 Year __upin Used to display ads .x01.aidata.io 468 Days __upints Used to display ads more relevant to the user .x01.aidata.io 468 days Third party privacy statement. If you want to read about our external suppliers and their privacy statements, here are some quick links to help you get started: Google - https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US Baidu - http: // usa .baidu.com / privacy / Youtube - https://www.youtube.com/about/policies/#community-guidelines Yoku - http://mapp.youku.com/service/agreement-eng Yandex - https: // yandex.com/legal/confidential/ Ipaper - https://www.ipaper.io/privacy-policy-ipaper Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/policy.php Linkedin - https: //www.linkedin. com / legal / privacy-policy VK - https://vk.com/privacy?eu=1 Adobe - https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html Poland GDPR terms and conditions Environmental protection policy e-invoice Contact us SCANIA © Copyright Scania 2020 All rights reserved. Scania Polska S.A., Al. Katowicka 316, 05-830 Nadarzyn, Tel: +48 22 356 01 00, Fax: +48 22 356 01 01. This content is not available if you do not enable our cookies. Enable cookies to view this content. Link to the page with cookies policy, in accordance with the privacy statement We use cookies to personalize the content and ads of the website, provide social media functions and analyze the traffic on our website. We also share information about the use of our site with our partners in the field of social media, advertising and analytics. By clicking "I accept", you agree to the use of all cookies and sharing information. You can also manage your cookies by clicking on "Cookie settings" and selecting the categories you want to accept. For a more detailed explanation of how we use cookies, please visit our cookies section, which can be found by clicking on the link below this text. The necessary cookies are needed for the website to work and cannot be turned off in our systems. They are usually a consequence of using services available as part of the website, such as privacy settings, logging in or filling out forms. You can set your browser to block these cookies or warn you about them, but then some parts of the site will not work. These cookies do not save any personal data. Analytical cookies allow us to count visits and traffic to our website, which allows us to improve it. They help us to find out which pages are the most and least popular and also to see how visitors visiting them navigate the site. All data collected by these cookies are aggregated and therefore remain anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, your visit to our website will not be included in our statistics and will not contribute to monitoring user behavior or improving the website. Functional cookies enable better functionality and personalization of the website. They can be introduced by us or by the so-called (Third Party Providers (external service providers) (check our Cookies Policy for more information) whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these services may not work properly. If these cookies are activated, third-party providers may process your data, including personal data. Advertising cookies can be entered through our website by our advertising partners (check our Cookies Policy for more information). They can be used by these companies to profile your interests and show you relevant ads on other sites. They are based on a unique identification of your browser type and the type of Internet device you use. If you do not allow these cookies, the ads displayed will be less personalized. Social media cookies are introduced by a number of social networking sites that we have added to our site to enable you to share our content with friends and networks (check our Cookie Policy for more information). They are able to track your browser on other websites and create a profile of your interests. This may affect the content and messages displayed on other pages you visit. If you do not allow these cookies, you may not be able to use or view the sharing tools. Link to the website with cookies policy, in accordance with the privacy statement