Scania You seem to be located in . Go to your Scania market site for more information. Stay on the group site Select Close Sales region Production unit Your browser does not support HTML5 video. SOLUTIONS Scania’s range of sustainable solutions are tailored for individual transport assignments to make them efficient, productive and profitable. Tailored transport solutions PEOPLE Scania’s people are key to its success. The company strives to attract and retain the right talent to help it thrive in the rapidly changing transport system. Join us PURPOSE Scania’s purpose is to drive the shift towards a sustainable transport system, by developing safe, smart and energy-efficient transport solutions that are better for people and the planet. Scania’s purpose In focus 06 May 2020 Scania Interim Report January–March 2020 The first quarter of 2020 started in a positive way but was from March dominated by the coronavirus outbreak and the extraordinary social measures taken to reduce the spread of infection. Read More The first quarter of 2020 started in a positive way but was from March dominated by the coronavirus outbreak and the extraordinary social measures taken to reduce the spread of infection. 24 Sep 2019 A new cabless concept – revealing Scania AXL Introducing the latest member of our autonomous family: Scania AXL, a fully autonomous concept truck, without a cab. Read More Introducing the latest member of our autonomous family: Scania AXL, a fully autonomous concept truck, without a cab. 24 Apr 2019 Scania’s Smart Factory Lab explores emerging technologies Can robots work alongside production line operators to carry some of the burden? Can virtual reality simplify training operators when the production environment is digitally mirrored? And can components for production be picked by robots rather than humans? Read More Can robots work alongside production line operators to carry some of the burden? Can virtual reality simplify training operators when the production environment is digitally mirrored? And can components for production be picked by robots rather than humans? 26 Aug 2019 A fascinating future for the Scania V8 Renewable fuels as standard, heavier loads with even more power, advanced driver assistance software and a truck with fewer pieces and lighter materials: the V8 has a fascinating future in store. Read More Renewable fuels as standard, heavier loads with even more power, advanced driver assistance software and a truck with fewer pieces and lighter materials: the V8 has a fascinating future in store. 30 Sep 2019 Partnerships and Hybrids: The New Standard In Logistics Close cooperation and partnerships are essential to developing new logistics solutions in the cities of today and tomorrow. In the Netherlands, Scania, HAVI and SUEZ are joining forces to make McDonald’s supply chain even more sustainable. Read More Close cooperation and partnerships are essential to developing new logistics solutions in the cities of today and tomorrow. In the Netherlands, Scania, HAVI and SUEZ are joining forces to make McDonald’s supply chain even more sustainable. Newsroom Search for Available positions In your country in Sweden I'm looking for Choose job category Choose job category in Choose job location Choose job location search No room for downtime We help you increase your profitability with maintenance, based on real life vehicle usage data. By scheduling driver training according to your operation rather than the other way around you reduce wear on your vehicle. Explore our uptime services to see how we can tailor a solution to let you be more productive. Maximise your uptime Culture of innovation Transport is experiencing one of the biggest shifts in its history. Our business landscape is more disruptive than ever, with new technologies and business models emerging all the time. At Scania we’re responding to these changes with significant investments in technology for sustainable transport solutions that are viable today, while also developing the autonomous, electrified and connected transport technologies of tomorrow. Innovation at Scania 20 Apr 2020 Company overview Scania is a world-leading provider of transport solutions. Together with our partners and customers we are driving the shift towards a sustainable transport system. Read More Scania is a world-leading provider of transport solutions. Together with our partners and customers we are driving the shift towards a sustainable transport system. 20 Apr 2020 Financial reports Scania is a global company with a sales and service organisation in more than 100 countries. Here you can find our annual and interim reports. Read More Scania is a global company with a sales and service organisation in more than 100 countries. Here you can find our annual and interim reports. 21 Apr 2020 Annual review 2019 Scania is a global company with a sales and service organisation in more than 100 countries. Here you can find our annual review. Read More Scania is a global company with a sales and service organisation in more than 100 countries. Here you can find our annual review. Let's talk business Go to my local market About Scania in brief Innovation Coporate governance Sustainability Our impact Sustainability targets Sustainable transport Scania Climate day Career Available positions Life at Scania Students and graduates Career opportunities Investors Financial reports Bondholders Truck registrations Newsroom News Press releases Press kits Image and videos Contact Press and media Career Investor relations Sustainability Legal notice Privacy statement Cookies Contact us Whistleblowing © Copyright Scania 2019 All rights reserved. Scania CV AB (publ), SE-151 87 Södertälje, Sweden, Tel: +46-8-55 38 10 00, Fax: +46-8-55 38 10 37. This content is unavailable if you don't enable our cookies. Please enable cookies to be able to see this content. Cookie policy link We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. By clicking “I Accept” , you are agreeing to give your consent to all cookies being used and the information being shared. You can also manage your cookies by clicking the “Cookie settings” and selecting the categories you’d like to accept. For a more detailed explanation of how we use cookies, please visit our cookies section, which you can find by clicking the link below this text. Necessary cookies are needed for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually a consequence of you requesting services such as; setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but then some parts of the site will not work. These cookies do not store any personal data. Performance cookies allow us to count visits and traffic, which is an important source of improvement of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to see how visitors move around the site. All the information that these cookies collect is aggregated and is therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies your visit to our site will not be counted in our statistics and will not contribute to performance monitoring and improvement of the website. Functional cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third-party providers (see our Cookie Policy for further information ) whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Third-party providers may process your information, including personal data, when these cookies are activated. Targeting cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners (see our Cookie Policy for further information). They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They are based on uniquely identifying your browser type and the type of internet device you use. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social media cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks (see our Cookie Policy for further information). They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Cookie policy link