Home | Body Liebens nl fr Home About us How it started Today Service as a common thread Guided tour Reception Disassembly Dent preparation Painting painting Assembly and finishing Cleaning Delivery Extra services Our strengths Eurogarant Replacement vehicle Environment Vacancies Contact Damage to your car? Have you suffered damage to your car? Report it here and we will contact you to make an appointment. Reporting damage recognized repairer Bodywork Liebens is recognized repairer of: Eurogarant Bodywork Liebens is recognized by EUROGARANT. This means that we meet strict criteria, which guarantee the customer quality and professional competence. A body shop recognized by EUROGARANT is a company with the necessary infrastructure, equipment, expertise and internal organization to carry out all body repairs according to the current quality standards. The company must be clearly recognizable as a "multi-brands" body and must present itself as such. The company is run by an entrepreneur who has a certificate "access to the profession of bodywork repairer". The body meets EUROGARANT criteria regarding the equipment and undertakes to apply the repair techniques prescribed by the car manufacturer. The appearance and condition of the installations, both internal and external, have been maintained and maintained. This concerns the order and tidiness and the spatial organization of the work surfaces and work positions. The body has all necessary permits and complies with current regulations in the field of labor protection, the environment, operating license and trade register. The bodywork participates in the guarantee fund EUROGARANT. The company undertakes to take over the valid warranty from the manufacturer on the repaired part and this with a minimum of 2 years. A bodywork company recognized by EUROGARANT is inspected annually by the Belgian Federation of Auto Repairers. (Source: Eurogarant) Milieu Body Liebens only works with water-based paints. Much better for the environment, because this way we avoid the use of heavy chemicals. More info Traci Chatham Industrielaan 3120 3800 Sint Truiden Tel. 731-377-6640 Fax 011-67 36 78 info@carrosserieliebens.be