Guided tour | Body Liebens nl fr Home About us How it started Today Service as a common thread Guided tour Reception Disassembly Dent preparation Painting painting Assembly and finishing Cleaning Delivery Extra services Our strengths Eurogarant Replacement vehicle Environment Vacancies Contact Damage to your car? Have you suffered damage to your car? Report it here and we will contact you to make an appointment. Reporting damage recognized repairer Car body Liebens is recognized repairer of: Guided tour 1. Reception After receiving a damage report, we make an appointment with the customer to assess the damage, whether or not in the presence of a car expert. A date for the repair is agreed. 2. Disassembly First, our professionals check which parts can be repaired and which need to be replaced. Then all damaged parts are disassembled. 3. Dent / chassis / suspension Damaged parts that can be repaired are carefully dented. Damaged plastic parts such as bumpers, mirror caps and the like are also repaired or replaced. If the chassis and / or suspension is damaged, parts are replaced if necessary. The dimensions are adjusted with straightening benches and alignment equipment to the exact values ​​specified by the manufacturer. 4. Preparation for painting After the plate bearing, the car goes to the spraying department, where the paintwork is prepared. The parts not to be machined are covered. The parts to be repainted are pre-machined and primed. The car is now ready for the spray booth. 5. Painting The spray guest applies a new coat of paint in the spray booth. Body Liebens has a modern paint lab, where the original color of the car is reproduced exactly. Good to know: we only work with environmentally friendly, water-based paint. 6. Assembly and finishing In the assembly area, the car is further finished. Disassembled parts are returned to their original condition and all parts, repaired or new, are thoroughly checked. 7. Cleaning No half work at Body Liebens: the repaired car is cleaned - both the interior and the exterior. Afterwards we perform a final thorough check. 8. Delivery When the car is ready, the customer is informed and will come to collect the vehicle or it will be delivered at home. Depending on the compensating party, the invoice is paid and the claim file is archived. Today Body Liebens has grown into a modern business that continues to grow every day to the rhythm of satisfied customers and new technologies. More info Traci Chatham Industrielaan 3120 3800 Sint Truiden Tel. 731-377-6640 Fax 011-67 36 78 info@carrosserieliebens.be