Legal notices - Bayern Auto Sport Concessions Our occasions Virtual visit Management vehicles After-sales meeting BMW Catalogs and Prices News Contact us Newsletter Select a page LEGAL INFORMATION BAYERN AUTO SPORT BAYERN AUTO SPORT thanks you for visiting this website and for attention you pay to BMW brand products. |} Site editor BAYERN AUTO SPORT Headquarters: Place de Cantorbéry 62231 COQUELLES Phone: 03 21 85 55 00 Email: bmw-mini@bayernautosport.net Simplified joint-stock company, 1,100,000 Euros 453,458 440,00048 FR93453458440 RCS Boulogne-Sur -Sea Accommodation: OVH - 2 rue Kellermann 59100 Roubaix - France Owner Mr WARIN Jean-Christophe Webdesign: KOBALTIS Agency - Developments: KOBALTIS Publication manager: kobaltis-webmaster@kobaltis.com The publication manager is a physical person or a legal person. The information appearing on the Site is for information only, without guarantee of accuracy or update, and is subject to change at any time. These general conditions of use (hereinafter "CGU") are intended define the conditions of use of the Site as well as the conditions of use of the following services: - Create a user account - Find a dealer - Subscribe to the BMW newsletter - Contact BMW Customer Service - Configure your vehicle online and if necessary, request a quote on this vehicle - Request documentation on BMW products - Request to test a BMW vehicle - Consult tailor-made offers for professionals - Find out about the most popular “BMW Financial Services” offers adapted |} Acceptance of the conditions of use The user acknowledges having read the conditions of use, when connecting to the Site and undertakes to respect them without reservation. |} Protection and processing of personal data When using our services, you may be asked to provide personal information on this Site. In particular, BAYERN AUTO SPORT may collect your following personal data during: - your requests for vehicle tests, documentation or offers on a vehicle: surname, first name, postal address, email address, telephone contact details , age, civility, - your navigation on the Site, by collecting your connection data and your IP address which corresponds to the identification of the computer connected to the Site, in particular to facilitate your navigation. On the forms for collecting information, essays or contacting the Site, the data marked with an asterisk are necessary to process your requests for information, advice, advertising or market research. In accordance with the amended "Computing and Liberties" law and the general data protection regulations (GDPR), you have the right to access, rectify and delete data concerning you as well as the right to object. to the processing of your data, the right to request the limitation of the processing of your data and the right to the portability of said data. You also have the right to give instructions on the fate of your personal data after your death. You can exercise these rights by contacting BAYERN AUTO SPORT in writing at the following address: BAYERN AUTO SPORT Place de Cantorbery 62231 COQUELLES by email at bmw-mini@bayernautosport.net by or by phone on 03 21 85 55 00, Monday Friday from 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. and from 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. It is reminded that if you do not wish to be the subject of a commercial prospecting by telephone, you can, at any time, subscribe to the list of opposition to canvassing called "Bloctel". Additional information concerning the processing of your personal data is available in our Personal data protection policy accessible on this website in the "Data protection" section. |} Intellectual property rights Site and its content Neither the Concession, nor Kobaltis, nor BMW France or the BMW Group grants any license to all or part of the content nor any right other than that of consulting the Site and using its services. The presentation and content of the Site together constitute a work protected by intellectual property law. |} Trademarks and other distinguishing marks BMW word marks and figurative or semi-figurative marks (BMW logos), the model names of vehicles in the range of vehicles are registered trademarks of BMW AG, Munich, Germany. Thus, all brands and slogans displayed on this site are protected by intellectual property rights of the BMW Group. The user is prohibited from making use of these distinctive marks and signs and more generally from infringing the intellectual property rights of the Concession, BMW France or the BMW Group. Any use, in any manner whatsoever, of these brands and / or logos and / or any other distinctive sign is subject to the prior written authorization of the holder of the intellectual property rights concerned. |} Responsibility The greatest care is taken every means is used to disseminate quality information on the Site. However, the accuracy and completeness of all of this information cannot be absolutely guaranteed. We reserve the right to correct this information as soon as these errors are brought to its attention. The information and / or documents available on the Site are subject to change at any time, and may have been subject to updates. In particular, they may have been updated between the time of their download and when the user becomes aware of them. The Site may contain hypertext links to other private or public sites present on the Internet. Insofar as the Concession cannot control these sites, it cannot in any case be held responsible for the content of the sites thus accessible, or any collections and transmission of personal data, installation of cookies or any other process tending to the same purposes, carried out by these sites. In addition, the Concession cannot be held responsible for any proven or alleged damage or loss consecutive to or in connection with the use of or having trusted the content, goods or services available on these sites. |} Access to the site We strive to allow access to the site 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except in the event of force majeure or an event beyond our control, and subject to any breakdowns and interventions by maintenance necessary for the proper functioning of the Site and services. Consequently, we cannot guarantee availability of the Site and / or services, reliability of transmissions and performance in terms of response time or quality. Our responsibility could not be engaged in the event of impossibility of access to this Site and / or of use of the services or presence of a virus on the Site. Mediation Charter |} SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES - MEDIATION In the event of a dispute relating to the execution of a contract of sale or supply of a service between a Consumer Client, within the meaning of the Consumer Code, and the company BMW France or an authorized dealer or repairer member of the BMW France network, the customer will be able to use a consumer mediator, in accordance with articles L.612-1 et seq. of the consumer code, with a view to amicable settlement of the litigation, after having attempted to resolve the dispute directly with the Authorized Dealer or Repairer or, where applicable, with the company BMW France, by a written complaint to the address of the Authorized Dealer or Repairer or, in the event of a dispute involving BMW France , at its BMW France Customer Interaction Center in writing at the following address: BP 70086, 67016 STRASBOURG CEDEX. In the absence of an amicable agreement or in the absence of a response from the Authorized Dealer or repairer or, where appropriate from BMW France, within a reasonable period of one (1) month, the consumer customer may contact a mediator registered on the list of mediators established by the Commission for the evaluation and control of consumer mediation in application of article L.615-1 of the consumer code, namely: - either the mediation center competent to deal with disputes under the responsibility of the authorized dealer or repairer (ex: delivery of the Vehicle, repair or maintenance of the vehicle) by contacting the Mediator of the National Council of Automotive Professions by mail to the following address: 50, rue Rouget de Lisle - 92158 Suresnes Cedex) or on its website www.mediateur-cnpa.fr, either: to the Mediator with the FNAA by contacting him by post at the following address: Immeuble Ax North; 9-11 avenue Michelet- 93583 Saint Ouen Cedex or on its website www.mediateur.fna.fr according to the Seller's affiliations. - or the BMW France mediator competent to deal with disputes likely to fall under his responsibility (ex: guarantee of hidden defects) by contacting him by mail at the following address: Mediation Cmfm, 21 rue des Malmaisons, 75013 Paris or on its website www.mediationcmfm.fr. |} Applicable law These Terms are subject to French law. Consult the mediation charter: https://www.bmw.fr/content/dam/bmw/marketFR/bmw_fr/Footer/Mentionslegales/Charte%20de%20m%C3%A9diation%20BMW%20Finance.pdf |} Index Égalité Hommes Women Index cannot be calculated because all the valid groups by age group (at least 3 F and 3H) represent less than 40% of the workforce. Indicator of the rate of increase between F and H is equal to 3.2. Gap favorable to women 25/35. 62 - BAYERN AUTO SPORT Boulogne-sur-mer (BMW Service) Boulevard de la Liane 62360 SAINT LEONARD Tel: 03 21 80 95 15 62 - BAYERN AUTO SPORT Calais Place de Cantorbéry 62231 COQUELLES Tel: 03 21 85 55 00 59 - BAYERN AUTO SPORT Dunkerque 48 bis, route de Bergues 59412 COUDEKERQUE BRANCHE Tel: 03 28 58 70 00 62 - BAYERN AUTO SPORT Saint-Omer (BMW Service) Rue Yves Montand 62510 ARQUES Tel: 03 21 98 50 00 Facebook By the creative agency of Kobaltis website | Legal notices | Confidentiality and cookies We use cookies to guarantee you the best experience on our website.OkPrivacy policy