Confidentiality - Bayern Auto Sport Concessions Our occasions Virtual visit Management vehicles After-sales meeting BMW Catalogs and Prices News Contact us Newsletter Select a page BAYERN AUTO SPORT Data protection policy INFORMATION CONCERNING DATA PROTECTION OF THE BMW MINI BAYERN CONCESSION AUTO SPORT Your high expectations regarding the quality of BMW and MINI products and services as well as customer service guide us in the way we, your BMW and MINI partner, process your data. We seek to establish and maintain the foundations of a relationship of trust with our current and potential customers. As such, we attach great importance to the confidentiality and integrity of your personal data. This is why, we process and use your data with the greatest care, for specific purposes, in compliance with the consent you have given us, and in accordance with the applicable regulations in force concerning the protection of personal data. . The information relating to the protection of personal data described in the following paragraphs explains how we, the BMW MINI BAYERN AUTO SPORT Concession collect, process and use the personal data of our current and potential customers. 1- Who is responsible for processing your personal data? 2- In what cases do we collect and use personal data? 3- What personal data do we collect? 4- Why do we process your personal data? 5- How do we protect your personal data? 6- How long do we keep your data? 7- Sending and sharing of data 8- How to exercise your rights in relation to the protection of your personal data? How to contact us ? 1- Who is responsible for processing your personal data? In application of the General European Regulation on the protection of personal data ("RGPD"), the BAYERN AUTO SPORT Concession, Place de Cantorbéry 62231 COQUELLES, simplified joint stock company, 1,100,000 Euros, 453,458 440,00048 RCS Boulogne-Sur -Sea (hereinafter referred to as "Concession" and / or "us"), is responsible for the processing of your personal data. The Concession is a legally and economically independent company, not attached to BMW France. As an authorized partner of BMW France, we use the brands of BMW Group as license holders to market motor vehicles, original parts and accessories, as well as maintenance and repair services. The Concession is responsible for processing all of your personal data which is processed through this website, your dealings with us in dealerships or using customer service [Brand (BMW, MINI)] and as part of our direct marketing actions. We also process your data when it is transferred to us by BMW France, in accordance with applicable regulations. You will find more detailed information concerning the processing of your personal data by BMW France in the personal data protection policy available: https://www.bmw.fr/fr/footer/metanavigation/data-privacy. html BAYERN AUTO SPORT Place de Cantorbery 62231 COQUELLES Tel: 03 21 85 55 00 Email: bmw-mini@bayernautosport.net 2- In what cases do we collect and use personal data? We collect and process your personal data in particular in the following cases: - When you contact us directly (for example, by visiting our dealership or through our website); - When you buy products from us (vehicles, spare parts, accessories); - When you buy services from us (for example, during a repair or maintenance service); - When you ask us for information about our products and services (for example, sending brochures or price lists); - When you respond to our direct marketing actions (for example, sending a response card, participating in a contest or communicating your data on this website); - When BMW France or other companies of the BMW Group and our business partners are entitled to transmit your personal data to us; - When third parties (for example, approved address providers) are entitled to transmit your personal data to us in a legitimate manner. In order to allow us to keep your personal data up to date, please notify us of any modification in this regard, in particular concerning your contact details. 3- What personal data do we collect? Here are the categories of personal data likely to be collected through the various services and contact channels described in the information relating to data protection: - Contact details ► Last name, first name, address, telephone number, postal address, e -mail; - Interests ► Information that you have provided concerning the areas that interest you (vehicles, leisure and other personal preferences); - Other personal data ►Information you have provided concerning, for example, your date of birth, your education, the composition of your household or your professional situation; - Contractual data ► for example, customer number, contract number; - Use of the website and communications ► Information concerning your use of the website, messages from us that you open or transfer as well as data collected using cookies and other tracking technologies. We also collect data about website visits. This data includes the IP address and corresponding DNS name, the organization that recorded the IP address, the name and address of the page visited, the time of page loading and the type of browser. Please note that the IP address is an identification required for Internet operation, used to direct messages sent over the Internet to the appropriate places. Typically, the IP address is not connected to the person using the computer, but can be connected to the organization that registered the IP address. The IP address connection can be established at the request of the authorities. The data created and collected during the communication includes information about the communicating parties, the time of the connection, the routing information, the data transfer protocol, the format of the connection and the location information. When browsing the Internet, "measurement data" is collected using cookies. This data cannot be associated with a person. When you view our website, the cookie sets a random number for the browser that does not indicate your identity. Cookies help BAYERN AUTO SPORT determine which sections of its websites are most popular, where visitors go and how long they stay there. The data is used to implement and develop services and target advertisements on websites. You can prevent the storage of the cookie by modifying the parameters of your browser. In some cases, prevention can slow down or make it impossible to navigate pages or the website. - Data on transactions and interactions ►Information concerning purchases of products and services from the Concession or our online store, interactions with the Concession or BMW Customer Service, as well as your participation in our market research ; - Identity and solvency ► Data allowing to know your identity (for example, driving license or registration certificate), information concerning transactions or payments potentially not made in our favor and information on cases of fraud, punishable offenses, suspicious transactions, politically exposed persons and sanctions lists containing your data; - Details of the functions and settings of your vehicle ►Information concerning the current functions and settings of your vehicle, according to the chassis number (for example, BMW TeleServices, if you have chosen us as a BMW partner); - Vehicle technical data ► Data created and / or processed in the vehicle. Vehicle operating data This is the data from the control unit processed concerning the use of the vehicle. They include in particular: - Vehicle status information (for example, speed, deceleration, lateral acceleration, wheel speed, display of the attached seat belts); - Ambient conditions (e.g. temperature, rain sensor, distance sensor). As a rule, this volatile data is only saved during the use of the vehicle; they are only processed in the vehicle. The control units have data memories (in particular the vehicle start key). They make it possible to gather information concerning the condition of the vehicle, the stresses on the components, the required maintenance operations, technical events and temporary or permanent failures. Here are the elements saved according to the technical equipment: - Operating states of system components (for example, levels, tire pressure, battery condition); - Malfunctions and faults in important system components (for example, lighting, brakes); - Reactions of systems in specific driving situations (for example, activation of an airbag, stability control systems); - Information concerning events involving damage to the vehicle; - For electric vehicles, high-voltage battery charge level, estimated autonomy. In specific cases (for example, detection by the vehicle of a fault), it may be necessary to save data which is in principle volatile. If you use services (e.g. repairs, maintenance), the saved operating data can be viewed and used in conjunction with the chassis number, if necessary. We, your BMW partner, or third parties (e.g. breakdown services) can view the vehicle data. The same applies in the case of the application of guarantees and quality assurance measures. In general, the data is read via a connection as prescribed by law for OBD (On-Board Diagnosis) systems in the vehicle. The operating data read relates to the technical condition of the vehicle or components. They allow easier diagnosis, compliance with warranty obligations and improved quality. These data, in particular the information concerning component solicitations, technical events, malfunctions and other errors are transferred to BMW France, 3 avenue Ampère, 78180 Montigny-le-Bretonneux Société Anonyme with Management Board and Supervisory Board, with capital of 2,805,000 €, identified under the number 722,000 965 RCS Versailles and to BMW AG, Petuelring 130, 80788 Munich, Germany (hereinafter "BMW AG") together with the chassis number, if necessary. In addition, BMW France and BMW AG use vehicle operating data, for example, for recall campaigns. This data can also be used to monitor warranty requests from customers and those for further improvements. We can, upon your request, reset the error memories during repair or maintenance work. Additional information on the processing of your data in the vehicle can be found in the operating instructions for your vehicle as well as in BMW France's data protection policy. - Vehicle location data ► Information concerning the location of your vehicle or mobile device. The Concession may possibly receive this data, if necessary, within the framework of the performance of a contractual obligation (for example, within the framework of BMW Assistance). 4- Why do we process your personal data? The data collected in connection with the conclusion of a contract or the provision of our services are processed for the purposes detailed below. Legal basis for the processing of personal data We process your data only if this is authorized by applicable regulations. We process your data in particular in accordance with Articles 6 and 9 of the GDPR, as well as on the basis of your consent in accordance with Article 7 of the GDPR. The processing of your data is based in particular on the following legal principles. Please note that this list is neither exhaustive nor final; these are only examples to clarify these principles. - Consent (article 6, paragraph 1, point a), and article 7 of the GDPR, or article 9, paragraph 2, point a) and article 7 of the GDPR): we process certain data only on the basis of the consent you have given expressly and voluntarily. You can withdraw your consent at any time without retroactive effect; - Execution of a contract / pre-contractual measures (article 6, paragraph 1, point b) of the GDPR): for the establishment and / or the execution of your contract with the Concession, we need to access certain data and treat them; - Fulfillment of a legal obligation (Article 6, paragraph 1, point c) of the GDPR): the Concession is subject to several legal obligations under the applicable regulations. We must therefore process certain data to comply with these obligations; - Protection of legitimate interests (article 6, paragraph 1, point f) of the GDPR): we will process certain data to protect our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties. However, this only applies if your interests do not prevail over ours in each particular case. A. Compliance with contractual obligations in connection with the sale, maintenance and repair of vehicles (Article 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR) We collect, process and use personal data in the context of sales, maintenance and / or repair process in our Concession. With regard to sales processes, we use your personal data for the purpose of managing sales contracts, to carry out tests and to transfer information concerning the purchase of your vehicle. The categories of data that are processed during these activities are as follows: - Contact details (surname, first name, postal address, e-mail, telephone number, etc.); - Bank details, if applicable. We use your personal data for contract management (for example, ordering a vehicle, repair / workshop order) or for any request from you (for example, offer, test). With regard to the latter, we may contact you without your express consent so that your request can be followed up. For service and / or maintenance and repair processes, special diagnostic devices are used to read technical data related to the maintenance of your vehicle from the electronic control units installed in it. Trained technicians process and use this data to diagnose and correct malfunctions. They essentially include: - The basic data of the vehicle (for example, chassis number, type of vehicle, date of manufacture, equipment); - Vehicle status data (measured values ​​such as mileage); - The errors memorized (for example, failure of the flashing light); - Load spectra; - Software versions; - Maintenance and workshop data (for example, required maintenance, work carried out, spare parts installed, warranty case, workshop reports). BMW France can access the information detailed above to provide assistance to authorized dealers and repairers who are members of its network who would be confronted with technical or other problems in the performance of their services. The vehicle technical data detailed above is deleted at the end of the vehicle life cycle. In addition, we may receive, in a limited way, data concerning the location of your vehicle when this is necessary for the performance of a service contract (for example, within the framework of BMW Assistance). The data is used exclusively in compliance with the security precautions applicable to location data. B. Sales, service and management process in coordination with BMW France (article 6, paragraph 1, points a), b) and f) of the GDPR) In order to be able to assume the sales, service and management processes, it is necessary that we transfer certain data to BMW France, in particular within the framework of: - Guarantee requests or commercial gestures; - Vehicle controls; - Questions and problems as part of a repair service; - Fulfillment and execution of our contractual obligations with respect to BMW France; - Recall campaigns; - Improvement of products and quality. As part of the above-mentioned processes, we transfer the following categories of data, where applicable: - Identification data; - Basic data of the vehicle (for example, serial number, type of vehicle, date of manufacture, equipment); - Data concerning the status of the vehicle (for example, mileage, fuel level); - Data from the electronic units (for example, failure of the flashing light); - Maintenance and workshop data (for example, required maintenance, electronic logbook). C. Customer service (article 6, paragraph 1, points b) and f) of the GDPR) We use your personal data for contract management (for example, ordering a vehicle, repair / workshop order) or any request from you (for example, offer, test, questions and complaints to the Dealership or BMW Customer Service). For the purposes of the execution of these, we may contact you without first obtaining your express consent in order to be able to act on it. We will also contact you if your vehicle is the subject of a technical or recall campaign. Given the priority nature of these campaigns (for example, avoiding a risk to vehicle occupants, damage to the vehicle, etc.), we will contact you either directly or through BMW France, using the contact details you have given us. In addition, we will contact you in carefully defined cases of promotional communications (for example, sending of the welcome pack following the purchase of a vehicle, information letter of end of guarantee or financing, offer of a control on your vehicle), in accordance with applicable legal requirements. We also handle the processing of your personal data in order to provide you with an optimal experience during your contacts with the BMW Dealership or Customer Service. D. Promotional communications and market research based on your consent (Article 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR) Upon receipt of your consent to the use of your personal data, they may be used in accordance with your declaration of consent: - For commercial prospecting purposes (offers of products and services, etc.); - Subject to your specific consent, personalized according to the customer profile and / or for market research purposes. This data could, if necessary, be transmitted to BMW France and the companies of the BMW Group. Information on this is detailed in the corresponding consent that you have given us, which can be revoked at any time. If you have given your consent for commercial prospecting purposes, we will collect and process the following data for this purpose. Contact details, including: First name, last name, postal address, e-mail, telephone number. Additional personal data / preferences, in particular: - Company name, your relationship with this company if you use a company vehicle or if you are our main contact for this company; - Deadline by which you will potentially need a new vehicle, interest in BMW Group products and services, requests for information and tests, etc. ; - Chassis number and other corresponding characteristics; - Interests and leisure; - Status of your declaration of consent regarding data protection and chosen communication channels. Identification data, including: Customer number, contract number. Customer history, in particular: - Data concerning the purchase of the vehicle (for example, model, configurations, date of purchase, date of 1st registration, number of license plate, date of order form, delivery date, owner , price catalogue) ; - History of campaigns and associated responses (customer service program [current and potential customers] and direct marketing actions); - Participation in events; - History of questions and complaints addressed to the Concession or to BMW France Customer Service. We use the commercial and customer service data thus collected to: - Determine the information and offers likely to interest you the most; - Contact you in the context of this information and offers; - Send promotional communications in accordance with your data protection declaration of consent. The consent that you may give us regarding the processing of your data for commercial prospecting purposes also specifies the communication channels (for example, postal mail, telephone, e-mail) that we can use to contact you. When we collect your consent, you can also choose to give us your consent for the creation of a customer profile, in order to receive personalized offers. This profile includes, where applicable, the data that you have specified or that have been collected during your use of our products or services of the BMW Group brands from the following categories: contact details (for example, name, address, e-mail ), additional personal data / preferences (for example, leisure), identification data (for example, customer number, contract number), customer history (for example, receipt of offers, data concerning the purchase of the vehicle), vehicle data (for example, mileage, range), application / website / social media data (for example, usage data from the Concession online store). E. Compliance with the legal obligations to which the Concession is subject (article 6, paragraph 1, points c) and f) of the GDPR) We also process your personal data when there is a legal obligation in this regard; for example, when we contact you if your vehicle is the subject of a technical or recall campaign. In addition, we process the data collected in order to ensure the proper functioning of the computer systems in connection with the products and services to which you have subscribed, namely: - Backup and restoration of the data processed in the computer systems; - Recording and control of operations to ensure the proper functioning of computer systems; - Detection and protection against unauthorized access to personal data; - Incident and problem management in order to remedy malfunctions of computer systems. The processing of collected data is also part of our internal compliance management. The Concession may be subject to many other legal obligations. In order to ensure compliance, we process your data to the extent required and transfer it, if necessary, to the responsible authorities in accordance with the applicable regulations in force. We also process your data in the event of litigation or litigation requiring such processing. F. Transfer of data to certain third parties Your data is transferred in particular to the companies listed below, in compliance with the regulations applicable in the field of protection of personal data: - The other companies in our group of companies for the purposes of commercial prospecting, in accordance with your declaration of consent; - BMW France for the purpose of updating (of your contact details, for example), other personal data if this is permitted by your consent or the technical data of the vehicle for the purpose of improving products and services; - Carefully selected providers and partners with whom we cooperate to offer you products and services. We only carry out this transfer in strict compliance with the processing conditions by a subcontractor within the meaning of Article 28 of the GDPR or on the basis of your express consent; - Other third parties (for example, public authorities) in accordance with the applicable regulations. - Register of data transmitted to subcontractors via the services of BAYERN AUTO SPORT Digitaleo • Provider information: https://www.digitaleo.fr/sites/default/files/CGS-2018.pdf Facebook • Provider information: https: //www.facebook.com/ • Provider location: United States • Objective: Connection to your customer account on the site via your Facebook account • Is the data stored or processed outside the EU: Yes • GDPR provider charter: https : //www.facebook.com/ Google Analytics • Provider information: https://analytics.google.com/analytics • Provider location: United States • Target: Site traffic analysis + Remarketing • Is the data stored or processed outside the EU: Yes • GDPR provider charter: https://privacy.google.com/intl/fr_fr/businesses/compliance/ - 5- How do we protect your personal data? We use several security measures such as advanced encryption and authentication tools to protect and preserve the security, integrity and availability of your data. Even if it is impossible to guarantee absolute security against unauthorized access when transferring data on the Internet or on a website, we, our service providers and our partners do everything possible to protect your personal data. personnel in accordance with the regulations in force relating to data protection by implementing state-of-the-art physical, electronic and process-oriented security measures. Among other things, we apply the following measures: - Strict criteria for authorizing access to your data according to the “need to know” principle (limited to as few people as possible) and exclusively for the intended purposes - Transfer of data collected in encrypted form in most cases. - Preservation of confidential data, for example bank card data, exclusively in encrypted form - Firewall protection of computer systems to protect them against unauthorized access, by hackers for example - Permanent control of access to computer systems for detect and prevent the misuse of personal data 6- How long do we keep your data for? In accordance with the European General Data Protection Regulation, we keep your data only for the time necessary with regard to the purposes for which we process them. In case of data processing with different purposes, your data is automatically erased or stored in a format which does not allow direct conclusions to be drawn about you as soon as the last specific task and purpose has been achieved. To ensure that all of your data is erased in accordance with the principle of data minimization, we have created an internal erasure concept. The basic principles according to which this erasure concept provides for the erasure of your data are described below. Utilisation à des fins de conformité avec un contrat Pour respecter des obligations contractuelles, les données collectées auprès de vous peuvent être conservées pendant toute la durée du contrat et – selon la nature et la portée du contrat – pendant une durée déterminée au-delà de son terme en vue de respecter les obligations légales de conservation applicables et de pouvoir répondre à toute question ou réclamation au-delà du terme du contrat. En outre, certains contrats de fourniture de produits et services nécessitent une période de conservation supérieure ; voir également « Utilisation pour l’évaluation des réclamations » ci-dessous. Utilisation pour l’évaluation des réclamations Les données qui, selon nous, seront nécessaires pour évaluer et éviter les réclamations à notre encontre ou pour entamer des procédures pénales ou faire valoir des réclamations par un tiers contre vous-mêmes, contre nous ou contre des tiers peuvent être conservées par nos soins pendant toute la durée où les procédures correspondantes peuvent être entamées. Utilisation pour le service client et à des fins marketing Dans le cadre du service client ainsi qu’à des fins de prospection commerciale, les données collectées auprès de vous peuvent être conservées pendant 3 ans à compter de la fin de toute relation commerciale, sauf si vous demandez leur effacement et si aucune obligation contractuelle ou légale de conservation ne fait obstacle à l’exécution de ladite demande. Registre des données collectées directement via les services de BAYERN AUTO SPORT: Formulaire de contact • Données collectées : email et message • Objectif poursuivi : Gestion de la relation client • Conservation des données : Enregistrement en base de données • Durée de conservation : 1 an • Accès aux données : Le service relation client • Les données sont-elles stockées ou traitées hors UE : Non Formulaire optin newsletter • Données collectées : email • Objectif poursuivi : Emails marketing • Conservation des données : Optin en base de données • Durée de conservation : Durée optin du client hors refus de la part du client • Accès aux données : Le service marketing • Les données sont-elles stockées ou traitées hors UE : Non 7- Envoi et partage des données BAYERN AUTO SPORT ne peut soumettre vos données à des tiers que conformément à la législation en vigueur. Nous soumettons des informations sur demande aux autorités, par exemple la police et les autorités de sécurité, ainsi que d’autres autorités pour les motifs spécifiés par la législation. Les informations relatives à nos clients représentent une part importante de notre activité et notre métier n’est pas d’en faire le commerce. Nous partageons ces informations uniquement dans les cas précédemment exprimés et pour les finalités décrites dans cette politique de confidentialité avec BAYERN AUTO SPORT contrôle et qui sont, soit soumises à cette politique de confidentialité, soit appliquent des règles au moins aussi protectrices que celles décrites dans cette politique de confidentialité. En outre, nous pouvons soumettre vos données à des sous-traitants, auquel cas nous veillerons à ce que la confidentialité des données soit maintenue, et nous serons également responsables de la gestion des données dans ce cas. Si nous traitons vos données en dehors de la région EU, nous protégerons vos données en nous assurant que le sous-traitant garantit le traitement approprié des données. 8- Comment exercer vos droits en lien avec la protection de vos données à caractère personnel ? Comment nous contacter ? Pour toute question sur notre utilisation de vos données à caractère personnel, vous pouvez nous contacter par e-mail à l’adresse : bmw-mini@bayernautosport.net ou par téléphone au 03 21 85 55 00 de 09h00 à 12h00 et de 14h00 à 18h00 du Lundi au Vendredi. De plus vous pouvez contacter la Déléguée de la Protection des Données à caractère personnel : Marie Delvau au 07 69 07 78 17 ou par mail : marie.delvau@basd.net.bmw.fr En tant que personne concernée par le traitement de vos données, vous êtes en mesure d’exercer certains droits établis par le RGPD et autres réglementations applicables en matière de protection des données à caractère personnel. Cette section décrit vos droits établis par le RGPD. Vos droits En application du RGPD vous disposez des droits suivants : Droit d’accès à vos données (RGPD – Art. 15) : vous pouvez demander à tout moment l’accès à vos données à caractère personnel enregistrées par nous. Cette information comprend, les catégories de données que nous traitons, les finalités pour lesquelles nous les traitons, l’origine des données quand nous ne les avons pas collectées directement auprès de vous, et, si applicable, les destinataires auxquels nous transmettons vos données. Vous pouvez recevoir à la demande une copie gratuite de vos données. Nous nous réservons le droit de facturer toute demande de copie supplémentaire. Droit de rectification (RGPD – Art. 16) : vous pouvez demander la rectification des données à caractère personnel vous concernant. Nous engageons toutes les actions raisonnables afin de tenir à jour les informations dont nous disposons à votre sujet, et nous les traitons de manière régulière, précise, complète, en fonction de leur mise à jour et avec pertinence sur la base de l’information la plus à jour dont nous disposons. Droit à l’oubli (RGPD – Art. 17) : vous pouvez demander l’effacement de vos données dès lors que les conditions préalables légales sont satisfaites. − Les données ne sont plus nécessaires au regard des finalités pour lesquelles elles ont été collectées ou traitées d’une autre manière ; − Vous retirez votre consentement, dans le cas où celui-ci est la seule et unique base légale autorisant le traitement des données ; − Vous vous opposez au traitement de vos données et qu’il n’existe pas de motif légitime impérieux pour le traitement, ou vous vous opposez au traitement de vos données à des fins de prospection ; − Les données ont fait l’objet d’un traitement illicite. Sauf si le traitement est nécessaire : − Afin de respecter une obligation légale nous imposant de conserver et traiter vos données, selon application des durées de conservation imposées par la réglementation applicable ; − À la constatation, à l’exercice ou à la défense de droits en justice. Loi n° 78-17 du 6 janvier 1978 relative à l’informatique, aux fichiers et aux libertés, Art. 32 : vous disposez également du droit de donner des directives sur le sort de vos données à caractère personnel après votre mort. Droit à la limitation du traitement (RGPD – Art. 18): vous pouvez demander la limitation d’un traitement de vos données dans les cas suivants : − Vous contestez la validité des données. Le traitement ultérieur des données est limité pendant la période nécessaire à la vérification de leur validité ; − Le traitement est illicite et vous refusez l’effacement de vos données. Vous exigez à la place la limitation de leur utilisation ; − Nous n’avons plus besoin de vos données, mais vous en avez besoin pour la mise en application, l’exercice ou la défense de vos droits ; − Vous vous êtes opposé au traitement, pendant la vérification portant sur le point de savoir si le motif légitime poursuivi par BAYERN AUTO SPORT prévaut sur le vôtre. Droit à la portabilité des données (RGPD – Art. 20) : vous pouvez obtenir que vos données à caractère personnel soient transmises à un autre responsable de traitement lorsque cela est techniquement possible. Cependant, ce droit vous est conféré uniquement si le traitement des données est fondé sur la base de votre consentement ou nécessaire à l’exécution d’un contrat. Au lieu de recevoir une copie de vos données, vous pouvez également nous demander de les soumettre directement à une autre personne en charge désigné par vous. Droit d’opposition (RGPD – Art. 21) : vous pouvez vous opposer à tout moment au traitement de vos données nécessaires aux fins des intérêts légitimes poursuivis par nous ou par un tiers pour des raisons tenant à votre situation particulière. Dans ce cas, nous ne traiterons plus les dites données. Cette disposition ne s’applique pas si nous pouvons démontrer l’existence d’un motif légitime et impérieux pour le traitement des données au cas où celui-ci prévaudra sur vos intérêts ou si nous avons besoin de vos données pour la constatation, l’exercice ou la défense de droits en justice. Sort de vos données après votre mort (Loi n° 78-17 du 6 janvier 1978 relative à l’informatique, aux fichiers et aux libertés, Art. 32) : vous disposez également du droit de donner des directives sur le sort de vos données à caractère personnel après votre mort. Délais de réponse suite à l’exercice des droits visés ci-dessus : nous mettons tout en œuvre pour répondre à toute demande dans un délai de 30 jours. Cependant, ce délai peut être allongé pour des raisons liées à la complexité de votre demande et au nombre de demandes. Cas de non transmission de vos données : dans certaines situations, nous pouvons nous trouver dans l’impossibilité de vous transmettre la totalité de vos données en raison d’une obligation légale. Si nous sommes amenés à rejeter votre demande d’information en pareil cas, nous vous indiquons immédiatement le motif de ce refus. Recours auprès des autorités compétentes : nous accordons la plus grande importance à vos préoccupations et à vos droits. Cependant, si vous estimez que nous n’avons pas répondu à vos réclamations, vous êtes en droit de déposer plainte auprès de l’autorité administrative compétente en matière de protection des données à caractère personnel. 62 – BAYERN AUTO SPORT Boulogne-sur-mer (BMW Service) Boulevard de la Liane 62360 SAINT LEONARD Tél: 03 21 80 95 15 62 – BAYERN AUTO SPORT Calais Place de Cantorbéry 62231 COQUELLES Tél: 03 21 85 55 00 59 – BAYERN AUTO SPORT Dunkerque 48 bis, route de Bergues 59412 COUDEKERQUE BRANCHE Tél: 03 28 58 70 00 62 – BAYERN AUTO SPORT Saint-Omer (BMW Service) Rue Yves Montand 62510 ARQUES Tél: 03 21 98 50 00 Facebook Par l'agence de création de site internet Kobaltis | Legal notices | Confidentiality and cookies We use cookies to guarantee you the best experience on our website.OkPrivacy policy