Autohaus Stauner GmbH - your Ford dealer in Neustadt an der Donau Autohaus Stauner GmbH New vehicles All cars Van SUV / Crossover commercial vehicles Fiesta EcoSport Puma Focus Kuga Mondeo Mustang Edge Explorer S-MAX Galaxy Ranger Tourneo Courier Tourneo Connect Tourneo Custom Transit Courier Transit Connect Transit Custom Transit Van Transit Bus Transit Chassis Transit Custom Nugget Sortimo Modifications Promotions Buy now, pay later. Ford hybrid models Ford SUV models Configurator Arrange a test drive Request a quote Download brochure Used cars Used cars Top offers Note on fuel consumption and CO2 emissions: The specified values ​​were measured in accordance with the prescribed measurement procedure [§ 2 No. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version]. The information does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer, but only serves for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. Service appointment configurator Arrange a test drive Inquiry Service & accessories Maintenance & inspection Repairs & spare parts Tires & wheels Accessories General inspection Service appointment Inquiry Business customers Vehicle offers for business customers Business customer service Industry solutions Promotions Ford Transit models Service appointment request Our dealership About us News & Events Jobs & Careers Contact, directions & contact persons Service appointment Request a service appointment Make a test drive Get an offer Autohaus Stauner GmbH Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Request route planning Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Emergency number E-Mail info @ stauner-neustadt.de Telephone E-Mail Route Opening times Service Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Workshop Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Sales Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Contact & Directions Location overview x Search Cookie guide We use technology such as cookies, pixels and local storage to facilitate the use of our websites and to provide you with content tailored to your information needs. This guide explains the meaning of cookies, the purpose of the cookies used on our website and your options to control cookies or - if you wish - to delete them. What is a cookie? Almost every website uses cookie technology. A cookie is a small file that saves internet settings. It is downloaded via a browser the first time you visit a website. The next time you visit this website with the same device, the browser checks whether there is a corresponding cookie (i.e. contains the website name). It sends the data stored in this cookie back to the website. In this way, websites can recognize whether the browser has already visited the website. In some cases, content that varies may be displayed.For more information about cookies, see: www.allaboutcookies.org/ge/ www.youronlinechoices.com/de/ www.google.com/intl/de/policies/technologies/cookies/ Advantages of cookiesSome cookies are extremely useful because they make them more user-friendly when you visit the website again. Provided that you use the same device and the same browser, cookies can save your settings, provide us with information about your use of our website and display content that more closely matches your interests and needs. No cookies used on our websites collect data that make you personally identifiable.Which cookies do we use? The table below shows the most important cookies used on our websites and explains where and how they are used. Category 1 - "Strictly Necessary" Cookies These cookies enable you to look at the website and use essential functions, such as B. to access secured information. Without these cookies, certain services such as a shopping cart or electronic billing cannot be offered. Strictly necessary cookies Cookies Description BALANCEID, notepad Used to use our used and existing vehicle exchange, as well as their functions. Category 2 - “Performance” Cookies These cookies collect information about the way in which visitors use our website. For example, we can find out which pages are visited most frequently or whether error messages appear. These cookies do not collect information about a visitor's identity. The information is aggregated and is therefore anonymous. These cookies only help to improve the quality of our website and ease of use. Performance Cookies Cookies Description _ga, _gat, _gid, ajs_anonymous_id, ajs_group_id, ajs_user_id Facilitates counting the number of visitors to our website and measuring the way in which they are used The aim is to improve our website and to make interactive services available to visitors. These cookies are used to assign unique IDs. NID Collects visitor demographic data with the aim of improving our website and providing interactive services to visitors. A unique ID is assigned with this cookie. _pk_id.2.e15a, _pk_ref.2.e15a, _pk_ses.2.e15a, Facilitates counting visitors to our website and measuring the way in which they are used, with the aim of improving our website and providing interactive services to visitors put. These cookies are used to assign unique IDs. TCID, TCSess Facilitates counting visitors to our website and measuring the way in which they are used, with the aim of improving our pages and providing interactive services to visitors. These cookies are used to assign unique IDs. Matomo Is used to integrate the tracking tool Matomo. 1P_JAR, AID, TDCPM, TDID Facilitates the analysis of digital usage behavior and the flow of users from Google to the website. These cookies are used to assign unique IDs. There is an anonymous evaluation of data for marketing purposes. BVImplFord% 20Widget Allows the JD Power logo to be displayed in the footer. CONSENT, cookieconsent_dismissed Stores whether you have consented to the use of cookies on our website. "s_sq, s_p_s_prop8" Makes it easier to record visitor behavior within the website for marketing purposes. https://fordeu.demdex.net Facilitates the analysis of digital usage behavior on the website. An anonymized evaluation of data for marketing purposes takes place. A unique ID is assigned with this cookie. s_suite, s_vi, s_vi_lgox7Flzzxxen Facilitates the analysis of digital usage behavior on the website. An anonymized evaluation of data for marketing purposes takes place. Category 3 - “Functional” cookies These cookies enable your actions to be saved on the website. This may refer to your name or the language of your current region, which means that you have improved and more individual functions. For example, a website can show you the local weather or current traffic reports in your region. These cookies can also remember changes you have made to text sizes, fonts and other areas, and they can also help you offer certain features, such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. Information obtained through these cookies can be anonymized so that your activities on other websites cannot be measured. Functional cookies Cookies Description sb, xs Allows the Facebook Like function to be displayed on the website. PREF, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, YSC Enables the display of YouTube videos on the CONSENT website. Stores whether you have consented to the use of YouTube cookies on our website. c_user This cookie is used to assign a unique ID for Facebook. datr Facilitates the analysis of digital usage behavior and user flow between Facebook and the website, also serves for advertising purposes. NID Collects visitor demographic data. Via Google Analytics, facilitates the analysis of digital usage behavior and the flow of users from Google to the website. A unique ID is assigned with this cookie. Category 4 - "Advertising-relevant" cookies The purpose of advertising-related cookies is to show you advertising that corresponds to your personal interests. In addition, they should limit the frequency with which a certain advertisement is displayed to you and at the same time measure the effectiveness of the respective advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the permission of the website operator. They store websites you visit and share this information with other organizations such as advertisers. These cookies are often linked to the website functionality of other organizations. Web beacons / tracking pixels Some of our websites may contain small graphics, also known as web beacons or tracking pixels. This enables us to measure the number of visitors to these websites. Web beacons only collect limited information - these contain a cookie number, the duration and time of the visit and a description of the page on which the web beacon is placed. These web beacons may also have been placed by third parties. They do not contain any personal, identifiable information and are only used to measure the effectiveness of a specific campaign.Commercial-relevant cookies Cookies Description __gads, anj, axd, mdata These cookies save your interest in products and services, so that we can inform you on the websites of our partners as closely as possible can. OAX These cookies save your interest in products and services, so that we can inform you on our partners' websites as much as possible based on your interests. AMCV_9BE65971546B76C 70A4C98A2% 40AdobeOrg, AMCVS_9BE65971546B76C 70A4C98A2% 40AdobeOrg, ford_ep_cookie_legislation_seen, mbox Facilitates the recording of visitor behavior within the website for advertising purposes. These cookies are used to assign unique IDs. flashtalkingad1 These cookies save your interest in products and services so that we can inform you on our partners' websites as much as possible. fr, pl Facilitates the analysis of digital usage behavior and the flow of users between Facebook and the website, also serves for advertising purposes. These cookies are used to assign unique IDs. GED_PLAYLIST_ACTIVITY, OGPC Facilitates the analysis of digital usage behavior and the flow of users between Google and the website, also serves for advertising purposes. icu, uuid2 Facilitates counting visitors to our website and measuring how they are used, with the aim of improving our pages and providing interactive services to visitors. These cookies are used to assign unique IDs. id Used for user identification via ID. https://bid.g.doubleclick.net, IDE Facilitates the analysis of digital usage behavior and user flow between DoubleClick and the website, also serves for advertising purposes. s_cc Saves whether cookies are activated on the end device. s_fid, v_starting Makes it easier for visitors to be recorded within the website for advertising purposes. For this purpose, user data are recorded and saved. These cookies are used to assign unique IDs. sess Used to process the sessions to optimize user behavior and use data for marketing purposes. gtag.js Facilitates the analysis of digital usage behavior and the flow of users between YouTube and the website, also serves for advertising purposes. Analysis services: Our website uses Matomo, a so-called web analysis service. Matomo uses so-called "cookies", which are text files that are stored on your computer and that enable us to analyze the use of the website. For this purpose, the usage information generated by the cookie (including your shortened IP address) is transmitted to our server and stored for usage analysis purposes, which serves to optimize our website. Your IP address is immediately anonymized during this process, so that you as a user remain anonymous to us. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website will not be passed on to third parties. You can prevent the use of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly, however, in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. If you do not agree to the storage and evaluation of this data from your visit, you can object to the storage and use below at any time with a click of the mouse. In this case, a so-called opt-out cookie is stored in your browser, which means that Matomo does not collect any session data. Attention: If you delete your cookies, this means that the opt-out cookie will also be deleted and you may have to reactivate it. We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about the use of the online offer by the user is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information on our behalf to evaluate the use of our online offer by users, to compile reports on the activities within this online offer and to provide us with other services related to the use of this online offer and the internet. Pseudonymous user profiles can be created from the processed data. Control and delete cookies You can change the use of cookies by a browser, including blocking and deleting cookies from the Ford websites (or any other website) in your browser settings.Most browsers allow you to control cookies by accepting or rejecting all cookies , only accept certain types of cookies or specify that you want to be warned when a website wants to save a cookie. Cookies already stored on your device by a browser can be easily deleted. The procedure for checking and deleting cookies depends on the browser used. You can find information on this in the help function of your browser. Alternatively, you can visit http://www.aboutcookies.org. There you will find step-by-step instructions on how to control and delete cookies in most browsers. Alternatively, you can accept or reject our cookies here. × Cookie settings We use the following categories of cookies on our websites: "Strictly necessary" cookies These cookies enable you to navigate the website and use essential functions such as: B. to access secured information. Without these cookies, certain services such as a shopping cart or electronic billing cannot be offered. Performance Cookies These cookies collect information about how visitors use our website. For example, we can find out which pages are visited most frequently or whether error messages appear. These cookies do not collect information about a visitor's identity. The information is aggregated and is therefore anonymous. These cookies only help to improve the quality of our website and the user-friendliness. Functional cookies These cookies enable your actions to be saved on the website. This may refer to your name or the language of your current region, which means that you have improved and more individual functions. For example, a website can show you the local weather or current traffic reports in your region. These cookies can also remember changes you have made to text sizes, fonts and other areas. Advertising-relevant cookies Advertising-related cookies are used to show you advertising that corresponds to your personal interests. In addition, they should limit the frequency with which a certain advertisement is displayed to you and at the same time measure the effectiveness of the respective advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the permission of the website operator. They store websites you visit and share this information with other organizations such as advertisers. These cookies are often linked to the website functionality of other organizations, and some of our websites may contain small graphics, also known as web beacons or tracking pixels. This enables us to measure the number of visitors to these websites. Web beacons only collect limited information - these contain a cookie number, the duration and time of the visit and a description of the page on which the web beacon is placed. These web beacons may also have been placed by third parties. They contain no personal, identifiable information and are only used to measure the effectiveness of a specific campaign. Cancel Save Cancel Save Autohaus Stauner GmbH Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Request route plan Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Emergency number E-Mail info@stauner-neustadt.de Telephone E-Mail Route Opening times Service Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. workshop Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Sales Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. : 00 - 13:00 Contact & Directions Location overview & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf 4.5 (56 ratings) view reviews To improve the online experience and to offer you individualized offers. By clicking the "Agree" button, you agree to the use of cookies. Edit Agree To change your cookie settings, please click the "Edit" button. It may be the case that certain functions of our website cannot be used correctly by adjusting the settings. You can find more information about the use of cookies in our privacy policy and in the cookie guide. Henry - your virtual assistant hotline test drive chat