Autohaus Stauner GmbH - your Ford dealer in Neustadt an der Donau Autohaus Stauner GmbH New vehicles All cars Van SUV / Crossover commercial vehicles Fiesta EcoSport Puma Focus Kuga Mondeo Mustang Edge Explorer S-MAX Galaxy Ranger Tourneo Courier Tourneo Connect Tourneo Custom Transit Courier Transit Connect Transit Custom Transit Van Transit Bus Transit Chassis Transit Custom Nugget Sortimo Modifications Promotions Buy now, pay later. Ford hybrid models Ford SUV models Configurator Arrange a test drive Request a quote Download brochure Used cars Used cars Top offers Note on fuel consumption and CO2 emissions: The specified values ​​were measured in accordance with the prescribed measurement procedure [§ 2 No. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version]. The information does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer, but only serves for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. Service appointment configurator Arrange a test drive Inquiry Service & accessories Maintenance & inspection Repairs & spare parts Tires & wheels Accessories General inspection Service appointment Inquiry Business customers Vehicle offers for business customers Business customer service Industry solutions Promotions Ford Transit models Service appointment request Our dealership About us News & Events Jobs & Careers Contact, how to find us & contact persons Service appointment Request a service appointment Make a test drive Get an offer Autohaus Stauner GmbH Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Request route planning Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Emergency number E-Mail info @ stauner-neustadt.de Telephone E-Mail Route Opening times Service Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Workshop Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Sales Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Contact & Directions Location overview x Search Data protection declaration for processing g of customer data by the Ford partner and by Ford-Werke GmbH in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation declaration on the processing of customer data by Ford partner and by Ford-Werke GmbH in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation if you are from a Ford partner (hereinafter referred to as "Ford Partner" ) and / or Ford-Werke GmbH (hereinafter referred to as "Ford") purchase goods or use services or give your Ford partner or Ford your consent to data processing for advertising purposes, certain data about you and your vehicle (" personal data "). With this declaration you inform the Ford partner and Ford about which of your personal data the Ford partner and Ford, each as an independent controller, use for their own purposes and to whom they pass this data on. The Ford partner and Ford are responsible for the processing of personal data for the purposes that they independently determine. In addition to this declaration, certain goods and services are available from the Ford partner and Ford (including some Ford apps) ) own data protection guidelines, in which it is explained in more detail how your personal data is used in certain contexts. You can also find out in your operating instructions or, if applicable, the associated app, which data your vehicle processes and uses. Recipients of your personal data Your personal data can be passed on to the following recipients: Companies or other third parties who provide services on behalf are commissioned by Ford partners or Ford, such as, for example, web hosting providers, advertising and marketing agencies, analysis service providers, service providers for events and IT providers, as well as Ford, insofar as Ford acts as a processor for the Ford partner; Companies or other third parties to whom your personal data will be passed on at your request or with your consent; Other Ford partners and / or Ford insofar as this is necessary to provide you with goods or services; Advisors in the context of their professional practice, e.g. Tax consultant or auditor; Law enforcement agencies, courts, regulators, government agencies, or other third parties, as far as the Ford partner or Ford deem it necessary to comply with existing legal or regulatory obligations or to otherwise protect the rights of the Ford partner or Ford or the rights of third parties to ensure the safety of people or to detect, prevent or otherwise counter fraud or security problems; or third parties who purchase or transfer all assets and business (or significant parts thereof) from a Ford partner or Ford. In the event of such a sale, the Ford partner (s) or Ford will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the recipient uses your personal information in a manner consistent with this statement. Cross-border transfer of your personal data Your personal data will be treated according to German data protection law and can be transferred within the European Economic Area ("EEA") as well as to countries outside the EEA (including the USA). The European Commission believes that the countries to which your personal data is transferred may not offer an adequate level of data protection. If your personal data is transferred to countries outside the EEA, the Ford partner or Ford will take appropriate measures in accordance with the respective legal obligations to ensure their adequate protection regardless of the country to which your personal data is transferred. These measures can a. Obtaining contractual assurances from third parties who have access to your personal data, under which they undertake to protect your personal data at least to the extent that they are protected within the EEA. Further information on how the Ford partner or Ford protects your personal data when it is transferred to countries outside the EEA, or the guarantees that your partner or Ford may have given to protect your personal data in the event of its transmission, are available on request . The type of personal data used The Ford partner and Ford process your personal data if: you fill out forms or make bookings (e.g. if you are looking for a service or inquire about a test drive); You use a Ford partner for services or buy goods; or you contact Ford partners or Ford (e.g. the Ford partner and Ford document the information you provide when you write to a Ford partner or Ford or contact one of the respective customer centers). Among others, the Ford partner and Ford process the following personal data: your name and your contact details (e.g. your address, telephone number (s) and email address); Information about your company or employer if you contact your Ford partner or Ford in business; Information about your vehicle (including your vehicle identification number (“FIN”), your registration number, the model, the age and the mileage of your vehicle; first registration); the products and services in which you are interested or which you have used or purchased; Your consent to communication and marketing measures (or the options you have selected in this regard); and information required for financial processing, such as B. Payment details. In addition, the Ford partner and Ford reserve the right to transfer the data available to them - insofar as this is legally permissible - from third parties, such as For example, marketing agencies, information collected about you or your interests, or information that comes from publicly accessible sources, your socio-economic or socio-demographic status, online identifiers and current contact details. The Ford partner or Ford may also be legally obliged to process certain personal data . You may also be obliged to process your personal data on the basis of a contractual relationship with you. If this information is not provided, the fulfillment of these obligations can be prevented or delayed. Purposes of data processing The Ford partner uses the personal data collected for the following purposes: to fulfill your concerns (e.g. to provide you with services such as maintenance or Repairs to your vehicle); for the administrative processing and to improve the business activities of the Ford partner and the business relationship of the Ford partner with you (for example to inform you of the due date of vehicle inspections or to provide service information); to assess the quality of the services provided by Ford partners; to process your inquiries; to send you promotional materials based on your consent to the sending of information; for market research; and to comply with the legal and regulatory obligations of Ford Partners, to respond to legal proceedings or to provide information to government agencies or other third parties or to detect or prevent illegal and fraudulent acts and your and the rights of Ford Partners and the Protect third party rights. Ford uses the personal data collected for the following purposes: to meet your concerns (e.g. to provide services to you); for administrative purposes and to improve Ford's business and Ford's relationship with you; to assess the quality of the services provided by Ford's partners and Ford, and by Ford's suppliers to or on behalf of Ford; to process your inquiries; for study and research purposes; to send you promotional materials based on your consent to the sending of information; and for market research; and to comply with Ford's legal and regulatory obligations, to respond to legal proceedings or to provide information to government agencies or other third parties, or to detect or prevent illegal and fraudulent acts and your and Ford's rights and those of third parties to protect. Repairing, diagnosing and maintaining your Ford vehicle When you manufactured your Ford vehicle, it was assigned an individual number (the vehicle identification number or "FIN"). From the VIN, Ford partners and Ford can obtain certain information about your vehicle, including the model and age of the vehicle, the software used in it and its technical specifications. To carry out diagnostics, analyzes, repairs or maintenance work on your vehicle, the Executing technicians process the VIN and certain diagnostic data and information about the current condition of your vehicle (e.g. which software versions are currently used, the current mileage, etc.) This information is transferred to a system operated by Ford provide the technicians who carry out diagnostics on your vehicle with precise information on the repair, maintenance and diagnostics of your vehicle in particular (e.g. circuit diagrams and updates to the vehicle software) as well as on warranty and goodwill work and diagnostics carried out in the past to be able to give you the diagnosis, Rep to facilitate the fitting and maintenance of your vehicle and to enable them to document their work accordingly. In order to enable the most comprehensive diagnoses possible for your vehicle, information about warranty and goodwill work carried out on your vehicle and diagnostic data are linked to the VIN of your vehicle. This information is transferred to and stored in the Ford system so that the Ford partner or Ford (or third parties to whom the Ford partner or Ford allows this type of use of the system) provides information about any repair or other service performed in the past to any dealer or worldwide Any workshop that needs to perform diagnostics or repairs on your vehicle. The Ford Partner and Ford also use the information stored in the system to carry out diagnostics or repairs on your vehicle, to guarantee and guarantee management and goodwill management and to manage similar products and services, for product safety and research and development purposes and to enable compliance with Legal obligations to which Ford is subject In addition to the types of information described above, the Ford partner and Ford reserve the right to disclose this information as follows: to companies of the Ford Group for research and development and analysis purposes and / or to companies of the Ford Group and / or third parties, as far as this is deemed necessary by the Ford partner or Ford to comply with legal or regulatory obligations or in any other way the rights of the Ford partner, Ford, other companies of the Ford Group or the rights of third parties so true en. Automated decisionsThe Ford partner or Ford reserves the right to combine your personal data and use automated decision-making processes for the above-mentioned purposes as well as: to review, develop and improve products, processes, services and marketing strategies; to personalize the communication and the products provided by the Ford partner or Ford and you; to continuously update your personal data; to improve customer understanding; and for the administrative processing and improvement of the business relationship from the Ford partner or Ford to you. This can include, for example, gaining knowledge to optimize sales strategies, assessing the effectiveness of marketing measures and customer service by Ford, performing market analyzes and identifying products or services that may be of interest to you, and that Contacting you to inform you about this, in certain cases, automated decisions made by the Ford partner or Ford may have a legal or similar effect on you. Automated decisions of this type will only be made by the Ford partner, or Ford, if: the decisions are necessary to fulfill or conclude a contract with you; the decisions are permitted by law; or you have agreed to the Ford partner or Ford to use automated decision-making processes. In certain circumstances, you can object to the use of automated decision-making processes or ask someone to review automated decisions. Data collection from other sources The Ford partner and Ford strive to tailor their communication and interaction with you as closely as possible to your needs. For this reason, the Ford partner or Ford reserves the right to use any information about you that may have been obtained from publicly available sources and originates from third parties (see the above section “Type of personal data used”) to determine which products and services from which Ford partner or Ford may be of interest to you. For example, analysis and advertising service providers can analyze data collected online or from other sources to obtain information about your demographic characteristics and your interests - for example, conclusions about which age group you belong to and which types of products or services may be of interest to you could - deliver. On this basis, the Ford partner or Ford may (based on your communication preferences) provide you with information about the products and services concerned and use the information about you to inform their customer service centers accordingly if you contact them. The Ford partner and Ford may also work with third parties to show you advertising tailored to your needs on social media platforms or - if you have consented to the use of cookies - when surfing the Internet or visiting other websites. If you would like to stop receiving promotional materials, please refer to the section entitled "Your rights as a data subject". Storage period of your personal dataThe Ford partner and Ford will store your personal data in an identifiable form for as long as this is for the purposes for which the two of them were collected in each case, and is required to fulfill their respective legal and regulatory obligations. In general, your personal data will therefore be stored for as long as one of the following applies: Your personal data are reasonably necessary to be able to provide the services you have requested; Your personal data are reasonably necessary to safeguard the rights of the Ford partner or Ford or their property (this normally applies for the duration of the respective statutory limitation period); or the storage of your personal data is prescribed by the applicable laws or regulations. Legal basis for the use of your personal data There are various legal bases for the use of your personal data by the Ford partner and Ford. The Ford Partner and Ford process and use your personal data in the following cases: If the use of your personal data is necessary so that the Ford partner or Ford can fulfill a contract or contracts to which you are a party or can carry out pre-contractual measures based on Your request will be made. Such contracts can be, for example, the conditions of participation for a competition or contracts that you conclude via service products; if the Ford partner, Ford or third parties to whom the Ford partner or Ford has shared your personal data have a legitimate interest in the use of your personal data and the Ford partner or Ford have ensured that your personal data are protected and your rights in this regard be granted. This legal basis exists, for example, if the Ford partner or Ford or the companies of the Ford Motor Company Group use your personal data for the following purposes: to send advertising content by post; to review and improve products, services or business or marketing strategies; for market analysis and market research; for study and research purposes; for the processing and improvement of the business relationship from the Ford partner or Ford to you and for administrative purposes; to gain insight into what information, products and services are most likely to be of interest to you and to send or display information, offers and online advertising about these products or services; to adapt the products and services of the Ford partner or Ford to your individual needs; to ensure that the products and services are supplied, rendered and used by the Ford partner or Ford in accordance with the law and the conditions applicable to them; and - where necessary - to safeguard and defend the rights of the Ford partner or Ford and their property or the rights and property of third parties as well as to detect or prevent fraud or security or data protection problems and for appropriate countermeasures; if the Ford partner or Ford consider the use of your personal data to be necessary in order to be able to meet their legal or regulatory obligations; in certain cases where the Ford partner or Ford believes that the safety or vital interests of third parties must be protected; in certain cases in which the Ford partner or Ford must use your personal data for purposes in the public interest; and if your Ford partner or Ford has given your consent. Based on this consent, the Ford partner or Ford use your personal data, for example, to send you advertising content via email, fax or SMS. However, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data for such purposes at any time. You can find more information on this in the following section "Your rights as a data subject". Your rights as a data subject As a natural person, you have the right to request information about the data stored at Ford partners or Ford about you and the purposes of data storage, as well as access to this data and, if necessary, its correction. In certain cases, you also have the right to object to the use of your personal data by the Ford partner or Ford, e.g. with regard to sending postal advertising, contacting you for market research purposes or combining your data from various sources; request the blocking or deletion of your personal data or to receive your personal data in a common electronic format so that they can be passed on to third parties (this is often referred to as the right to "data portability"). If you have given your consent to the use of your personal data (see the section "Legal basis for the use of your personal data"), you have the right to withdraw this consent at any time. If you have any questions or concerns about the use of your personal data or if you would like to have access to the data stored about you at Ford partners or Ford or if you would like to exercise any other rights you may have, please contact us using the following contact information: For data processing by Ford Partner as controller: Autohaus Stauner GmbH, Veronika Ostermeier, Am Bahnhof 16, 93333 Neustadt an der Donau, 09445/7529113, veronika.ostermeier@stauner-neustadt.de For data processing by Ford as controller: Ford-Werke GmbH, Ford customer center, Box 710265, 50742 Cologne, Tel. +49 221 90-33333, E-Mail: Kunden@ford.com Please inform both the Ford partner and Ford if you update your personal data in the event of changes or correct any errors in the data stored with the Ford partner or Ford The Ford partner has appointed a data protection officer. You can reach him at Veronika OstermeierFord has appointed a data protection officer. You can reach them at email address@sb.com.If you have any complaints about the use of your personal data by the Ford partner or Ford, they hope that you will contact them first. However, you can also send complaints to the relevant data protection authority. × Cookie settings We use the following categories of cookies on our websites: "Strictly necessary" cookies These cookies enable you to navigate the website and use essential functions such as: B. to access secured information. Without these cookies, certain services such as a shopping cart or electronic billing cannot be offered. Performance Cookies These cookies collect information about how visitors use our website. For example, we can find out which pages are visited most frequently or whether error messages appear. These cookies do not collect information about a visitor's identity. The information is aggregated and is therefore anonymous. These cookies only help to improve the quality of our website and the user-friendliness. Functional cookies These cookies enable your actions to be saved on the website. This may refer to your name or the language of your current region, which means that you have improved and more individual functions. For example, a website can show you the local weather or current traffic reports in your region. These cookies can also remember changes you have made to text sizes, fonts and other areas. Advertising-relevant cookies Advertising-related cookies are used to show you advertising that corresponds to your personal interests. In addition, they should limit the frequency with which a certain advertisement is displayed to you and at the same time measure the effectiveness of the respective advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the permission of the website operator. They store websites you visit and share this information with other organizations such as advertisers. These cookies are often linked to the website functionality of other organizations, and some of our websites may contain small graphics, also known as web beacons or tracking pixels. This enables us to measure the number of visitors to these websites. Web beacons only collect limited information - these contain a cookie number, the duration and time of the visit and a description of the page on which the web beacon is placed. These web beacons may also have been placed by third parties. They contain no personal, identifiable information and are only used to measure the effectiveness of a specific campaign. Cancel Save Cancel Save Autohaus Stauner GmbH Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Request route plan Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Emergency number E-Mail info@stauner-neustadt.de Telephone E-Mail Route Opening times Service Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. workshop Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Sales Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. : 00 - 13:00 Contact & Directions Location overview & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf 4.5 (56 ratings) view reviews To improve the online experience and to offer you individualized offers. By clicking the "Agree" button, you agree to the use of cookies. Edit Agree To change your cookie settings, please click the "Edit" button. It may be the case that certain functions of our website cannot be used correctly by adjusting the settings. You can find more information about the use of cookies in our privacy policy and in the cookie guide. Henry - your virtual assistant hotline test drive chat