Autohaus Stauner GmbH - your Ford dealer in Neustadt an der Donau Autohaus Stauner GmbH New vehicles All cars Van SUV / Crossover commercial vehicles Fiesta EcoSport Puma Focus Kuga Mondeo Mustang Edge Explorer S-MAX Galaxy Ranger Tourneo Courier Tourneo Connect Tourneo Custom Transit Courier Transit Connect Transit Custom Transit Van Transit Bus Transit Chassis Transit Custom Nugget Sortimo Modifications Promotions Buy now, pay later. Ford hybrid models Ford SUV models Configurator Arrange a test drive Request a quote Download brochure Used cars Used cars Top offers Note on fuel consumption and CO2 emissions: The specified values ​​were measured in accordance with the prescribed measurement procedure [§ 2 No. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version]. The information does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer, but only serves for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. Service appointment configurator Arrange a test drive Inquiry Service & accessories Maintenance & inspection Repairs & spare parts Tires & wheels Accessories General inspection Service appointment Inquiry Business customers Vehicle offers for business customers Business customer service Industry solutions Promotions Ford Transit models Service appointment request Our dealership About us News & Events Jobs & Careers Contact, directions & contact persons Service appointment Request a service appointment Make a test drive Get an offer Autohaus Stauner GmbH Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Request route planning Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Emergency number email info @ stauner-neustadt.de Telephone Email Route Opening times Service Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Workshop Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Sales Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Contact & Directions Location overview x Search Imprint Autohaus Stauner GmbH Am Ba hnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Managing Director: Andreas Gogol Telephone number: 09445 752910 Fax number: 09445 7529129 Email: info@stauner.fsoc.de Information on the company form: GmbH Commercial register / commercial register no .: Regensburg HRB 10746 VAT identification number: DE814903664 Registered insurance broker: Legal person Registration no .: D-P639-NS9I1-41 Type of activity: Bound insurance agent according to $ 34d (4) GewO Company: Autohaus Stauner GmbH Date: 12/02/2008 Authorized representative Name: Andreas Gogol Company address: Street: Am Bahnhof 16 postcode / town: 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Competent authority Name: Chamber of Commerce for Munich and East Bavaria ern street: Max-Joseph-Str. 2 ZIP / City: 80333 Munich State: Bavaria Country: Germany Telephone: 089 / 5116-0 Fax: 089 / 5116-666 Website: http://muenchen.ihk.de Consumer Dispute Settlement Act: Information according to § 36 Consumer Dispute Settlement Act (VSBG) The seller / Contractor will not take part in a dispute settlement procedure before a consumer arbitration board within the meaning of the VSBG and is not obliged to do so. Note according to § 37 Consumer Dispute Settlement Act The consumer arbitration board responsible for the Autohaus Stauner GmbH is the general consumer arbitration board of the Center for Arbitration eV Straßburger Strasse 8 77694 Kehl am Rhein Phone: 07851-7957940 Fax: 07851-7957941 e-Mail: mail (at) consumer-arbitrator .de website: www.verbracher-schlichter.de The Autohaus Stauner GmbH will not take part in a dispute settlement procedure before this consumer arbitration board and is not obliged to do so. Advice on buying a used car and on workshop services: As a master craftsman of the motor vehicle guild, we accept the Autohaus Stauner GmbH Proceedings before the industry-specific vehicle arbitration boards (alternative to consumer arbitration boards in the sense of the VSBG). You can reach the vehicle arbitration board responsible for us at the arbitration board for the motor vehicle trade in NiederbayernMengkofener Strasse 284130 DingolfingTel .: 08731/37 37 15schiedsstelle (at) kfz-nung.com For information on the vehicle arbitration boards please refer to our used car sales conditions or vehicle Repair conditions. Further information on the motor vehicle arbitration boards is available at www.kfz-schiedstellen.de × Cookie settings We use the following categories of cookies on our website: "Strictly necessary" cookies These cookies enable you to navigate on the website and to use essential functions such as B. to access secured information. Without these cookies, certain services such as a shopping cart or electronic billing cannot be offered. Performance Cookies These cookies collect information about how visitors use our website. For example, we can find out which pages are visited most frequently or whether error messages appear. These cookies do not collect information about a visitor's identity. The information is aggregated and is therefore anonymous. These cookies only help to improve the quality of our website and the user-friendliness. Functional cookies These cookies enable your actions to be saved on the website. This may refer to your name or the language of your current region, which means that you have improved and more individual functions. For example, a website can show you the local weather or current traffic reports in your region. These cookies can also remember changes you have made to text sizes, fonts and other areas. Advertising-relevant cookies Advertising-related cookies are used to show you advertising that corresponds to your personal interests. In addition, they should limit the frequency with which a certain advertisement is displayed to you and at the same time measure the effectiveness of the respective advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the permission of the website operator. They store websites you visit and share this information with other organizations such as advertisers. These cookies are often linked to the website functionality of other organizations, and some of our websites may contain small graphics, also known as web beacons or tracking pixels. This enables us to measure the number of visitors to these websites. Web beacons only collect limited information - these contain a cookie number, the duration and time of the visit and a description of the page on which the web beacon is placed. These web beacons may also have been placed by third parties. They contain no personal, identifiable information and are only used to measure the effectiveness of a specific campaign. Cancel Save Cancel Save Autohaus Stauner GmbH Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Request route plan Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Emergency number E-Mail info@stauner-neustadt.de Telephone E-Mail Route Opening times Service Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. workshop Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Sales Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. : 00 - 13:00 Contact & Directions Location overview & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf 4.5 (56 ratings) view reviews To improve the online experience and to offer you individualized offers. By clicking the "Agree" button, you agree to the use of cookies. Edit Agree To change your cookie settings, please click the "Edit" button. It may be the case that certain functions of our website cannot be used correctly by adjusting the settings. You can find more information about the use of cookies in our privacy policy and in the cookie guide. Henry - your virtual assistant hotline test drive chat