Buy Ford Mondeo Estate (Tournament) & Sedan | Autohaus Stauner GmbH Neustadt an der Donau Autohaus Stauner GmbH New vehicles All cars Van SUV / Crossover commercial vehicles Fiesta EcoSport Puma Focus Kuga Mondeo Mustang Edge Explorer S-MAX Galaxy Ranger Tourneo Courier Tourneo Connect Tourneo Custom Transit Courier Transit Connect Transit Custom Transit Van Transit Bus Transit Chassis Transit Custom Nugget Sortimo conversions Promotions Buy now, pay later. Ford hybrid models Ford SUV models Configurator Arrange a test drive Request a quote Download brochure Used cars Used cars Top offers Note on fuel consumption and CO2 emissions: The specified values ​​were measured in accordance with the prescribed measurement procedure [§ 2 No. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version]. The information does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer, but only serves for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. Service appointment configurator Arrange a test drive Inquiry Service & accessories Maintenance & inspection Repairs & spare parts Tires & wheels Accessories General inspection Service appointment Inquiry Business customers Vehicle offers for business customers Business customer service Industry solutions Promotions Ford Transit models Service appointment request Our dealership About us News & Events Jobs & Careers Contact, directions & contact persons Service appointment Request a service appointment Make a test drive Get an offer Autohaus Stauner GmbH Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Request route planning Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Emergency number E-Mail info @ stauner-neustadt.de Telephone Email Route Opening times Service Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Workshop Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Sales Mo - Fr 08:00 - 18:00 Sa 09:00 - 13:00 Contact & Directions Location overview x Search Ford Mondeo Elegant, innovative, effiz ient. More design, more technologies and more space - the current Ford Mondeo simply offers you more of everything. In addition to the elegant interior and exterior design, this also includes a range of clever technologies and advanced drives, such as the innovative hybrid drive - without a charging cable. The agile and efficient combination of petrol and electric motor is also available as a tournament **. This is how the Ford Mondeo optimally combines contemporary efficiency and generous space. Would you like to find out more about the Ford Mondeo? Come along, we will be happy to advise you! Show more Show less Find the Ford that suits you: Trend audio system with USB connection and steering wheel remote control Hill start assistant, front and rear window lifters, electric parking brake, electronic Intelligent safety system 2-zone automatic air conditioning Fog lights Central locking with Business Edition remote control for Trend navigation system including Ford SYNC 3 windscreen, heated cruise control system Park Pilot system front and rear front seats, individually and variably heated 4 light alloy wheels 6.5J x 16, 10-spoke design Titanium in addition to Trend Lane Assistant including lane keeping Assistant and fatigue warning high-beam assistant navigation system including Ford SYNC 3 windscreen, heated speed control system interior mirror, automatically dimming parking assistant with parking and parking function as well as parking pilot system front and rear sports seats front, individually and variably heated traffic sign recognition ystem 4 light alloy wheels 7.5J x 17, 5x2-spoke design ST-Line in addition to titanium body styling kit headlining in black leather-fabric upholstery in suede look with red stitching Padalerie with aluminum pads Sport steering wheel with red stitching Sporty Coordinated chassis 4 light-alloy wheels 8J x 18, 5-spoke Y design in rock metallic hybrid deviating from Titanium Active noise compensation Hill descent assistant Lithium ion battery (1.4 kWh / 5 Ah) Regenerative braking system Special display in the instrument panel (2x color display ) 4 light alloy wheels 6.5J x 16, 10-spoke design Vignale Adaptive LED headlights, high-beam assistant lane assistant including lane departure warning and fatigue warning speed control system High-quality sports seats with exclusive leather interior, individually and variably heated Interior covered in high-quality leather 2 -Zone climate control headlight assistant Sony navigation system incl. Ford SYNC 3 traffic ski ld detection system 4 light-alloy wheels 8J x 18, 5x3-spoke design Show more Show less Brochure Configuration Test drive Inquiry Test drive Offer Financing Configuration Brochures Download price list Download operating instructions Further information Ford Protect Warranty Protection letter Accessories & parts Insurance We work for several specific lenders and act not as an independent loan broker, example photo of a vehicle of the series. The equipment features of the vehicle shown are not part of the offer. The equipment features shown are available depending on the equipment variant, as standard or optional, if necessary only as part of an equipment package. Please contact us for more information and availability details. * Note on fuel consumption and CO2 emissions: The specified values ​​were determined in accordance with the prescribed measurement procedure (Section 2 Nos. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version). The information does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer, but only serves for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. * Note according to Directive 1999/94 / EC: The fuel consumption and CO2 emissions of a vehicle depend not only on the efficient Use of the fuel by the vehicle, but are also influenced by driving behavior and other non-technical factors. CO2 is the main greenhouse gas responsible for global warming. A guide to the fuel consumption and CO2 emissions of all new passenger car models offered in Germany is available free of charge at any point of sale in Germany where new passenger cars are exhibited or offered or at www.dat.de. Since September 1, 2017, certain new vehicles have been type-approved according to the Worldwide Harmonized Light Vehicle Test Procedure (WLTP), a new, more realistic test method for measuring fuel consumption and CO2 emissions. Since September 1, 2018, the WLTP has replaced the new European driving cycle (NEDC), the current test procedure. Because of the more realistic test conditions, the fuel consumption and CO2 emission values ​​measured according to the WLTP are in many cases higher than those measured according to the NEDC. It is still mandatory to communicate the NEDC values. ** Ford Mondeo Hybrid Tournament, 2.0 l petrol engine and electric motor, 138 kW (187 hp), automatic transmission. Fuel consumption [according to Section 2 Nos. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version]: 5.0 l / 100 km (combined); CO2 emissions: 113 g / km (combined). × Cookie settings We use the following categories of cookies on our websites: "Strictly necessary" cookies These cookies enable you to navigate the website and use essential functions such as: B. to access secured information. Without these cookies, certain services such as a shopping cart or electronic billing cannot be offered. Performance Cookies These cookies collect information about how visitors use our website. For example, we can find out which pages are visited most frequently or whether error messages appear. These cookies do not collect information about a visitor's identity. The information is aggregated and is therefore anonymous. These cookies only help to improve the quality of our website and the user-friendliness. Functional cookies These cookies enable your actions to be saved on the website. This may refer to your name or the language of your current region, which means that you have improved and more individual functions. For example, a website can show you the local weather or current traffic reports in your region. These cookies can also remember changes you have made to text sizes, fonts and other areas. Advertising-relevant cookies Advertising-related cookies are used to show you advertising that corresponds to your personal interests. In addition, they should limit the frequency with which a certain advertisement is displayed to you and at the same time measure the effectiveness of the respective advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the permission of the website operator. They store websites you visit and share this information with other organizations such as advertisers. These cookies are often linked to the website functionality of other organizations, and some of our websites may contain small graphics, also known as web beacons or tracking pixels. This enables us to measure the number of visitors to these websites. Web beacons only collect limited information - these contain a cookie number, the duration and time of the visit and a description of the page on which the web beacon is placed. These web beacons may also have been placed by third parties. They contain no personal, identifiable information and are only used to measure the effectiveness of a specific campaign. Cancel Save Cancel Save Autohaus Stauner GmbH Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Request route plan Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Emergency number E-Mail info@stauner-neustadt.de Telephone E-Mail Route Opening times Service Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. workshop Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Sales Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. : 00 - 13:00 Contact & Directions Location overview & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf 4.5 (56 ratings) view reviews To improve the online experience and to offer you individualized offers. By clicking the "Agree" button, you agree to the use of cookies. Edit Agree To change your cookie settings, please click the "Edit" button. It may be the case that certain functions of our website cannot be used correctly by adjusting the settings. You can find more information about the use of cookies in our privacy policy and in the cookie guide. Henry - your virtual assistant hotline test drive chat