Ford hybrid models Autohaus Stauner GmbH in Neustadt an der Donau Autohaus Stauner GmbH New vehicles All cars Van SUV / Crossover commercial vehicles Fiesta EcoSport Puma Focus Kuga Mondeo Mustang Edge Explorer S-MAX Galaxy Ranger Tourneo Courier Tourneo Connect Tourneo Custom Transit Courier Transit Connect Transit Custom Transit Van Transit Bus Transit Chassis Transit Custom Nugget Sortimo conversions Promotions Buy now, pay later. Ford hybrid models Ford SUV models Configurator Arrange a test drive Request a quote Download brochure Used cars Used cars Top offers Note on fuel consumption and CO2 emissions: The specified values ​​were measured in accordance with the prescribed measurement procedure [§ 2 No. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version]. The information does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer, but only serves for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. Service appointment configurator Arrange a test drive Inquiry Service & accessories Maintenance & inspection Repairs & spare parts Tires & wheels Accessories General inspection Service appointment Inquiry Business customers Vehicle offers for business customers Business customer service Industry solutions Promotions Ford Transit models Service appointment request Our dealership About us News & Events Jobs & Careers Contact, directions & contact persons Service appointment Request a service appointment Make a test drive Get an offer Autohaus Stauner GmbH Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Request route planning Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Emergency number email info @ stauner-neustadt.de Telephone E-Mail Route Opening times Service Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Workshop Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Sales Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Contact & Directions Location overview x Search Ford Hybrid models Simply electrisi enduring! Electrified vehicles are the future. The hybrid models from Ford combine the efficiency of an electric drive with the everyday suitability of a classic engine. Practically. The days when you could only choose between petrol and diesel are over. Today you can also choose from a range of electrified drives. Whether mild hybrid, plug-in hybrid or hybrid, whether SUV, sedan, compact car or commercial vehicle - with the selection that Ford offers, you will definitely find the right model for an exciting future. Which electric vehicle is right for you? When considering switching to an electrified vehicle, you should be familiar with the main differences between the different drive types. The following videos inform you about the main differences between mild hybrid, plug-in hybrid, hybrid and fully electric vehicles, give exciting insights into the technologies and help you with your choice. What is the range of today's electric vehicles? How are electric vehicles charged? Do you have any questions or are you interested in a specific offer? Contact us, we will also be happy to advise you: by phone by e-mail or video chat Brochure Configurator Arrange a test drive Inquiry Our models with electrified drives: Ford Puma Mild Hybrid SUV look. In addition, the modern EcoBoost hybrid drive enables you to travel particularly efficiently. To the Ford Puma model page Show more Show less Ford Kuga Mild Hybrid & Plug-in Hybrid Elegant design, impressive connectivity, modern driver assistance systems and electrified drives that simply take you further. The new Ford Kuga - an SUV that is sure to fulfill your wishes. To Ford Kuga model page Show more Show less Ford Explorer plug-in hybrid Everything you expect from an SUV and more: striking design, strong off-road, advanced driver assistance systems and a dynamic plug-in hybrid drive. This is the new Ford Explorer plug-in hybrid. To the Ford Explorer plug-in hybrid model page Show more Show less Ford Mondeo Hybrid As a spacious tournament, the Ford Mondeo Hybrid offers enough space for family, leisure or work. And thanks to the combination of a petrol and electric motor, you are not only dynamic, but also efficient on the move - without a charging cable. To the Ford Mondeo model page Show more Show less Ford Tourneo Custom Plug-in Hybrid The Ford Tourneo Custom Plug-in Hybrid combines efficiency and comfort. With the help of plug-in hybrid technology, you are on the road in a particularly low-emission manner in an elegant, comfortable and flexible vehicle. To the Ford Tourneo Custom model page Show more Show less Ford Transit Custom Plug-in Hybrid The Ford Transit Custom Plug-in Hybrid stands for the combination of impressive performance, low emissions and consumption values ​​and excellent functionality. So you can work well guaranteed. To the Ford Transit Custom model page Show more Show less Decide for the future. Which electric vehicle is right for you? There are four types of electric vehicles that are suitable for different purposes. Learn the differences between a mild hybrid, hybrid, plug-in hybrid and an all-electric vehicle and find out which one best suits your needs. Learn more Show more Show less Apply now for an environmental bonus! When purchasing certain plug-in hybrid vehicles, such as the new Ford Kuga plug-in hybrid, you can secure an environmental bonus of up to € 4,500. This is borne half by Ford and half by the federal government. Further information on applying for the federal grant and the funding requirements can be found here. In addition, the level of vehicle tax is significantly lower thanks to lower CO2 emissions. And depending on the state, you can also benefit from subsidies for installing a wallbox in your home. Federal Office of Economics and Export Control Show more Show less Brochure Configurator Arrange a test drive Inquiry We work for several specific lenders and do not act as an independent loan broker. The equipment features of the vehicle shown are not part of the offer. The equipment features shown are available depending on the equipment variant, as standard or optional, if necessary only as part of an equipment package. Please contact us for more information and availability details. * Note on fuel consumption and CO2 emissions: The specified values ​​were determined in accordance with the prescribed measurement procedure (Section 2 Nos. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version). The information does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer, but only serves for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. * Note according to Directive 1999/94 / EC: The fuel consumption and CO2 emissions of a vehicle depend not only on the efficient Use of the fuel by the vehicle, but are also influenced by driving behavior and other non-technical factors. CO2 is the main greenhouse gas responsible for global warming. A guide to the fuel consumption and CO2 emissions of all new passenger car models offered in Germany is available free of charge at any point of sale in Germany where new passenger cars are exhibited or offered or at www.dat.de. Since September 1, 2017, certain new vehicles have been type-approved according to the Worldwide Harmonized Light Vehicle Test Procedure (WLTP), a new, more realistic test method for measuring fuel consumption and CO2 emissions. Since September 1, 2018, the WLTP has replaced the new European driving cycle (NEDC), the current test procedure. Because of the more realistic test conditions, the fuel consumption and CO2 emission values ​​measured according to the WLTP are in many cases higher than those measured according to the NEDC. It is still mandatory to communicate the NEDC values: Ford Mondeo Hybrid Tournament, 2.0 l petrol engine and electric motor, 138 kW (187 hp), automatic transmission. Fuel consumption [according to Section 2 Nos. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version]: 5.0 l / 100 km (combined); CO2 emissions: 113 g / km (combined). Ford Explorer plug-in hybrid, 3.0 l EcoBoost petrol engine and "4x4" electric motor, 336 kW (457 hp). Fuel consumption [according to Section 2 Nos. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version]: 2.9 l / 100 km (combined); CO2 emissions: 66 g / km (combined). According to the Worldwide Harmonized Light Vehicle Test Procedure (WLTP), a range of up to 48 km can be achieved with a fully charged battery. The actual range may vary due to different factors (weather conditions, driving behavior, vehicle condition, age of the lithium-ion battery). Ford Kuga ST-Line X plug-in hybrid, 2.5l Duratec petrol engine and electric motor 165 kW (225 hp), 8-speed automatic transmission, start-stop system. Fuel consumption [according to Section 2 Nos. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version]: 1.2 l / 100 km (combined); CO2 emissions: 26 g / km (combined). According to the Worldwide Harmonized Light Vehicle Test Procedure (WLTP), a range of up to 56 km can be achieved with a fully charged battery. The actual range can vary due to different factors (weather conditions, driving behavior, vehicle condition, age of the lithium-ion battery). ** Optional equipment at extra cost *** Ford SYNC 3 with AppLink and touchscreen is the logical further development of our communication and entertainment systems. The system can be operated even more intuitively thanks to an expanded voice control and the new, capacitive touchscreen with a 20.3 cm screen diagonal. Information about Android Auto or Apple CarPlay and its availability as well as the functions can be obtained from the respective provider. × Cookie settings We use the following categories of cookies on our websites: "Strictly necessary" cookies These cookies enable you to navigate the website and use essential functions such as: B. to access secured information. Without these cookies, certain services such as a shopping cart or electronic billing cannot be offered. Performance Cookies These cookies collect information about how visitors use our website. For example, we can find out which pages are visited most frequently or whether error messages appear. These cookies do not collect information about a visitor's identity. The information is aggregated and is therefore anonymous. These cookies only help to improve the quality of our website and the user-friendliness. Functional cookies These cookies enable your actions to be saved on the website. This may refer to your name or the language of your current region, which means that you have improved and more individual functions. For example, a website can show you the local weather or current traffic reports in your region. These cookies can also remember changes you have made to text sizes, fonts and other areas. Advertising-relevant cookies Advertising-related cookies are used to show you advertising that corresponds to your personal interests. In addition, they should limit the frequency with which a certain advertisement is displayed to you and at the same time measure the effectiveness of the respective advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the permission of the website operator. They store websites you visit and share this information with other organizations such as advertisers. These cookies are often linked to the website functionality of other organizations, and some of our websites may contain small graphics, also known as web beacons or tracking pixels. This enables us to measure the number of visitors to these websites. Web beacons only collect limited information - these contain a cookie number, the duration and time of the visit and a description of the page on which the web beacon is placed. These web beacons may also have been placed by third parties. They contain no personal, identifiable information and are only used to measure the effectiveness of a specific campaign. Cancel Save Cancel Save Autohaus Stauner GmbH Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Request route plan Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Emergency number E-Mail info@stauner-neustadt.de Telephone E-Mail Route Opening times Service Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. workshop Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Sales Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. : 00 - 13:00 Contact & Directions Location overview & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf 4.5 (56 ratings) view reviews To improve the online experience and to offer you individualized offers. By clicking the "Agree" button, you agree to the use of cookies. Edit Agree To change your cookie settings, please click the "Edit" button. It may be the case that certain functions of our website cannot be used correctly by adjusting the settings. You can find more information about the use of cookies in our privacy policy and in the cookie guide. Henry - your virtual assistant hotline test drive chat