Autohaus Stauner GmbH - your Ford dealer in Neustadt an der Donau Autohaus Stauner GmbH New vehicles All cars Van SUV / Crossover commercial vehicles Fiesta EcoSport Puma Focus Kuga Mondeo Mustang Edge Explorer S-MAX Galaxy Ranger Tourneo Courier Tourneo Connect Tourneo Custom Transit Courier Transit Connect Transit Custom Transit Van Transit Bus Transit Chassis Transit Custom Nugget Sortimo Modifications Promotions Buy now, pay later. Ford hybrid models Ford SUV models Configurator Arrange a test drive Request a quote Download brochure Used cars Used cars Top offers Note on fuel consumption and CO2 emissions: The specified values ​​were measured in accordance with the prescribed measurement procedure [§ 2 No. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version]. The information does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer, but only serves for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. Service appointment configurator Arrange a test drive Inquiry Service & accessories Maintenance & inspection Repairs & spare parts Tires & wheels Accessories General inspection Service appointment Inquiry Business customers Vehicle offers for business customers Business customer service Industry solutions Promotions Ford Transit models Service appointment request Our dealership About us News & Events Jobs & Careers Contact, directions & contact persons Service appointment Request a service appointment Make a test drive Get an offer Autohaus Stauner GmbH Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Request route planning Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Emergency number E-Mail info @ stauner-neustadt.de Telephone Email Route Opening times Service Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Workshop Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Sales Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Contact & Directions Location overview x Search Ford Transit models On the can You rely. Since 1965, the name Ford Transit has stood for performance, space and innovative ideas that make everyday work easier. Whether with compact external dimensions, long wheelbase or special industry solutions - the Ford Transit models offer the right solution for every challenge. You combine the highest suitability for everyday use with comfortable driving behavior, the latest technologies and modern assistance systems. Everything so that you can fully concentrate on the essentials: your job. Discover the possibilities of the Ford Transit models here or contact us directly. Together we will find the right transporter for your tasks. Show more Show less Brochure arrange a test drive Inquiry Ford Transit Courier Robust enough for every job. Thanks to its compact dimensions, the Ford Transit Courier is ideally suited for city traffic. And it is also extremely spacious: its large load volume of 2.3 m³ and its maximum payload of 585 kg ensure that you can also handle larger orders without any problems. Its good driving characteristics, efficient engines and clever technologies round off the Ford Transit Courier perfectly. Go to model page Show more Show less Ford Transit Connect Ready for use at any time! The Ford Transit Connect impresses with its robustness and modern appearance - whether as a panel van or station wagon. The advanced technologies and the flexible loading space concept with up to 3.4 meters through-loading facility support you in mastering your everyday work. In addition, the functional design of the well-designed interior ensures pleasant, car-like driving comfort. To model page Show more Show less Ford Transit Custom Lots of space and style. Versatile, efficient and practical - the Ford Transit Custom is a vehicle you can be proud of. It noticeably simplifies your everyday work. The Ford Transit Custom impresses with an absolutely flexible storage space, a very low loading sill, a particularly wide side loading door and a remarkably comfortable interior, clever technologies, driver assistance systems and much more. Go to model page Show more Show less Ford Transit panel van Best performance for your company. The Ford Transit panel van is full of sophisticated and practical technologies and functions that help you work more efficiently. In addition to the outstanding loading capacity, you can also look forward to a car-like cockpit and driving experience. To the model page Show more Show less Ford Transit chassis Meets any challenge. Practical, hard-wearing and efficient - the Ford Transit chassis impress with their particularly flexible application options, which can be tailored to your requirements. This includes cabin variants, drive, driver assistance systems, single or twin tires and much more. To the model page Show more Show less Ford Transit Bus Makes you want to travel. The Ford Transit Bus redefines travel: The spacious and comfortable interior can comfortably accommodate up to 18 people. Extra-wide sliding doors, ultra-modern driver assistance systems or the latest generation of economical engines optimally round off the consistently positive overall impression. Go to model page Show more Show less Ford Transit Custom Nugget Feels at home. With the Ford Transit "Nugget" we offer you the best of two worlds. When converting, you have the choice between two variants: a high or pop-top roof. Both offer a perfect solution for using your mobile home. The result: a motorhome that makes your everyday life as pleasant and comfortable as a vacation trip with your family thanks to its variability and functionality. Go to model page Show more Show less Our exclusive industry solutions. Do vehicles have to do more for you? Then you are right with us. Because when the vehicle becomes a colleague, an individual industry solution is just the thing. We look forward to special requests and discussions! Industry solution Show more Show less We work for several specific lenders and do not act as an independent loan broker. The equipment features of the vehicle shown are not part of the offer. The equipment features shown are available depending on the equipment variant, as standard or optional, if necessary only as part of an equipment package. Please contact us for more information and availability details. * Note on fuel consumption and CO2 emissions: The specified values ​​were determined in accordance with the prescribed measurement procedure (Section 2 Nos. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version). The information does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer, but only serves for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. * Note according to Directive 1999/94 / EC: The fuel consumption and CO2 emissions of a vehicle depend not only on the efficient Use of the fuel by the vehicle, but are also influenced by driving behavior and other non-technical factors. CO2 is the main greenhouse gas responsible for global warming. A guide to the fuel consumption and CO2 emissions of all new passenger car models offered in Germany is available free of charge at any point of sale in Germany where new passenger cars are exhibited or offered or at www.dat.de. Since September 1, 2017, certain new vehicles have been type-approved according to the Worldwide Harmonized Light Vehicle Test Procedure (WLTP), a new, more realistic test method for measuring fuel consumption and CO2 emissions. Since September 1, 2018, the WLTP has replaced the new European driving cycle (NEDC), the current test procedure. Because of the more realistic test conditions, the fuel consumption and CO2 emission values ​​measured according to the WLTP are in many cases higher than those measured according to the NEDC. It is still mandatory to communicate the NEDC values. × Cookie settings We use the following categories of cookies on our websites: "Strictly necessary" cookies These cookies enable you to navigate the website and use essential functions such as: B. to access secured information. Without these cookies, certain services such as a shopping cart or electronic billing cannot be offered. Performance Cookies These cookies collect information about how visitors use our website. For example, we can find out which pages are visited most frequently or whether error messages appear. These cookies do not collect information about a visitor's identity. The information is aggregated and is therefore anonymous. These cookies only help to improve the quality of our website and the user-friendliness. Functional cookies These cookies enable your actions to be saved on the website. This may refer to your name or the language of your current region, which means that you have improved and more individual functions. For example, a website can show you the local weather or current traffic reports in your region. These cookies can also remember changes you have made to text sizes, fonts and other areas. Advertising-relevant cookies Advertising-related cookies are used to show you advertising that corresponds to your personal interests. In addition, they should limit the frequency with which a certain advertisement is displayed to you and at the same time measure the effectiveness of the respective advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the permission of the website operator. They store websites you visit and share this information with other organizations such as advertisers. These cookies are often linked to the website functionality of other organizations, and some of our websites may contain small graphics, also known as web beacons or tracking pixels. This enables us to measure the number of visitors to these websites. Web beacons only collect limited information - these contain a cookie number, the duration and time of the visit and a description of the page on which the web beacon is placed. These web beacons may also have been placed by third parties. They contain no personal, identifiable information and are only used to measure the effectiveness of a specific campaign. Cancel Save Cancel Save Autohaus Stauner GmbH Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Request route plan Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Emergency number E-Mail info@stauner-neustadt.de Telephone E-Mail Route Opening times Service Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. workshop Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Sales Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. : 00 - 13:00 Contact & Directions Location overview & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf 4.5 (56 ratings) view reviews To improve the online experience and to offer you individualized offers. By clicking the "Agree" button, you agree to the use of cookies. Edit Agree To change your cookie settings, please click the "Edit" button. It may be the case that certain functions of our website cannot be used correctly by adjusting the settings. You can find more information about the use of cookies in our privacy policy and in the cookie guide. Henry - your virtual assistant hotline test drive chat