Ford Industry Solutions Autohaus Stauner GmbH Neustadt an der Donau Autohaus Stauner GmbH New vehicles All cars Van SUV / Crossover commercial vehicles Fiesta EcoSport Puma Focus Kuga Mondeo Mustang Edge Explorer S-MAX Galaxy Ranger Tourneo Courier Tourneo Connect Tourneo Custom Transit Courier Transit Connect Transit Custom Transit Van Transit Bus Transit Chassis Transit Custom Nugget Sortimo conversions Promotions Buy now, pay later. Ford hybrid models Ford SUV models Configurator Arrange a test drive Request a quote Download brochure Used cars Used cars Top offers Note on fuel consumption and CO2 emissions: The specified values ​​were measured in accordance with the prescribed measurement procedure [§ 2 No. 5, 6, 6a Car EnVKV in the currently applicable version]. The information does not refer to a single vehicle and is not part of the offer, but only serves for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. Service appointment configurator Arrange a test drive Inquiry Service & accessories Maintenance & inspection Repairs & spare parts Tires & wheels Accessories General inspection Service appointment Inquiry Business customers Vehicle offers for business customers Business customer service Industry solutions Promotions Ford Transit models Service appointment request Our dealership About us News & Events Jobs & Careers Contact, directions & contact persons Service appointment Request a service appointment Make a test drive Get an offer Autohaus Stauner GmbH Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Request route planning Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Emergency number E-Mail info @ stauner-neustadt.de Telephone Email Route Opening times Service Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Workshop Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Sales Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Contact & Directions Location overview x Search Industry solutions Exclusive solutions for your business. Do vehicles have to do more for you than just driving? Then you are right with us. Because when the vehicle becomes a colleague, an individual industry solution is just the thing. We look forward to special requests and real discussions! Your advantage is in the details! Taxi & rental cars Taxi models from Ford are workplaces that make you feel good - and they are reliable, economical and comfortable. Quality that has proven its worth in tough everyday taxi work. Benefit from our attractive conditions and always remain operational with the services of our cooperation partner. Are you interested in our conditions or a specific offer? Then simply contact us. We are happy to advise you in detail at any time! Show more Show less Nursing services Everything for serving people: 100% reliability for satisfied patients. We support you with flexible, efficient and really reliable vehicles. From innovative ambulance vehicles with special equipment to company cars: With Ford you will make a difference in nursing care! Are you interested in our conditions or a specific offer? Then simply contact us. We are happy to advise you in detail at any time! Show more Show less Driving schools All the best for the apprenticeship: For the Ford driving school models, we always have interesting leasing offers with top conditions. Benefit from high-quality equipment, ergonomic interiors, excellent handling properties and efficient, powerful motors! Are you interested in our conditions or a specific offer? Then simply contact us. We are happy to advise you in detail at any time! Show more Show less Emergency vehicles When it comes down to the second, we recommend Ford emergency vehicles. But safety and reliability come first when planning. Because these vehicles are real specialists when it comes to equipment, it's best to clarify the details together. So that you get exactly what is "fully operational" for you. Are you interested in our conditions or a specific offer? Then simply contact us. Show more Show less Authorities If you have to be "ex officio" mobile, you should rely on Ford: We offer authorities solutions that also meet unusual requirements. You will not only receive special vehicles and commercial vehicles from us, but also complete fleet management. Our experience and your wishes thus make the perfect official vehicle for your authority. Are you interested in our conditions or a specific offer? Then simply contact us. We are happy to advise you in detail at any time! Show more Show less × cookie settings We use the following categories of cookies on our websites: "Strictly necessary" cookies These cookies enable you to navigate the website and use essential functions such as: B. to access secured information. Without these cookies, certain services such as a shopping cart or electronic billing cannot be offered. Performance Cookies These cookies collect information about how visitors use our website. For example, we can find out which pages are visited most frequently or whether error messages appear. These cookies do not collect information about a visitor's identity. The information is aggregated and is therefore anonymous. These cookies only help to improve the quality of our website and the user-friendliness. Functional cookies These cookies enable your actions to be saved on the website. This may refer to your name or the language of your current region, which means that you have improved and more individual functions. For example, a website can show you the local weather or current traffic reports in your region. These cookies can also remember changes you have made to text sizes, fonts and other areas. Advertising-relevant cookies Advertising-related cookies are used to show you advertising that corresponds to your personal interests. In addition, they should limit the frequency with which a certain advertisement is displayed to you and at the same time measure the effectiveness of the respective advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the permission of the website operator. They store websites you visit and share this information with other organizations such as advertisers. These cookies are often linked to the website functionality of other organizations, and some of our websites may contain small graphics, also known as web beacons or tracking pixels. This enables us to measure the number of visitors to these websites. Web beacons only collect limited information - these contain a cookie number, the duration and time of the visit and a description of the page on which the web beacon is placed. These web beacons may also have been placed by third parties. They contain no personal, identifiable information and are only used to measure the effectiveness of a specific campaign. Cancel Save Cancel Save Autohaus Stauner GmbH Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Request route plan Am Bahnhof 16 93333 Neustadt an der Donau Telephone 09445 752910 Emergency number E-Mail info@stauner-neustadt.de Telephone E-Mail Route Opening times Service Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. workshop Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Sales Mon - Fri 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sa 9 a.m. : 00 - 13:00 Contact & Directions Location overview & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf & starf 4.5 (56 ratings) view reviews To improve the online experience and to offer you individualized offers. By clicking the "Agree" button, you agree to the use of cookies. Edit Agree To change your cookie settings, please click the "Edit" button. It may be the case that certain functions of our website cannot be used correctly by adjusting the settings. You can find more information about the use of cookies in our privacy policy and in the cookie guide. Henry - your virtual assistant hotline test drive chat