Quality Luckenwalde +49 (0) 33 71/689 672 0 Berlin +49 (0) 30/689 72 830 Dessau +49 (0) 3 40/50 29 830 Luckenwalde +49 (0) 33 71/689 672 0 Berlin + 49 (0) 30/689 72 830 Dessau +49 (0) 3 40/50 29 830 Skip navigation RENTAL PROGRAM Trailer work platforms Truck work platforms Scissor work platforms Articulated telescopic work platforms Telescopic work platforms Special work platforms Front loaders Telescopic forklifts Passenger car trailers Sales work platforms Sales Trailer Rental conditions SYSTEM-CARD TRAINING SYSTEM-CARD Complete program SYSTEM-CARD aerial work platform SYSTEM-CARD Industrial truck and telescopic handler SYSTEM-CARD Instructor SYSTEM-CARD User PSAgA E-Learning PSAgA for aerial work platforms Quality Downloads Training dates INFORMATION INFORMATION About us About SYSTEM LIFT The SYSTEM LIFT seal of quality News Insert photos How to find us INQUIRIES Inquiry work platform order work platform deregistration work platform inquiry training IMPRINT DATA PROTECTION Skip navigation MIE TPROGRAM Trailer work platforms Truck work platforms Scissor work platforms Articulated telescopic work platforms Telescopic work platforms Special work platforms Front loaders Telescopic handlers Car trailers Sales work platforms Sales trailers Rental conditions SYSTEM-CARD TRAINING SYSTEM-CARD Complete program SYSTEM-CARD aerial work platform SYSTEM-CARD industrial truck and telescopic handler SYSTEM-C Instructor SYSTEM-CARD user PSAgA E-Learning PSAgA for aerial work platforms Quality Downloads Training dates INFORMATION About us About SYSTEM LIFT The SYSTEM LIFT seal of quality News Application photos Directions INQUIRY Inquiry work platform order work platform deregistration work platform request training IMPRINT DATA PROTECTION SYSTEM-CARDTotal program SYSTEM-CARD -Hand-Work-platform -CARDInstructor SYSTEM-CARDUser PSAgA E-LearningAnnual instruction for operators PSAgA for aerial work platforms Quality Downloads Training dates SYSTEM-CARDKran S YSTEM-CARD stopper Quality Our quality The training management, the trainers and the training centers are subject to high quality and safety standards: TÜV-certified quality management according to ISO 9001 by SYSTEM LIFT AG Regular inspection of the 60 training centers by means of quality checks by SYSTEM LIFT AG Unannounced training audits Three-level trainer training with Preparation for learning preparation in the run-up to the trainer courses and three practical and theoretical exams. Through this approach to learning development, our trainers are supported in their personal skills development and systematically develop their experience TÜV Nord certificate DIN EN ISO 9001 (German) TÜV Nord certificate DIN EN ISO 9001 (English) Certification content: Training / qualification of the trainers: Training the SYSTEM-CARD -Trainers according to the SYSTEM LIFT standard, validity of the certificate of proficiency Operator training: Conducting system card training in compliance with the regulations in accordance with the binding minimum requirements for system card training centers ("agreement for operation ...") Rooms / equipment: Provision of suitable training rooms and practical training options Organization / processing : Use of the current and relevant forms, processing with the SYSTEM LIFT center Each training center is based on training according to the training manual "Agreement for the operation of a training center (Verb. Min minimum requirement) that is managed and updated centrally. The SYSTEM-CARD quality policy of AVS SYSTEM LIFT AG With certainty, according to legal requirements, through quality to market leadership: The No. 1 for aerial work platforms! We provide our customers with a rental product that is safer to handle than scaffolding or ladders. Nevertheless, there are dangers: Design-related dangers, dangers in handling the devices cannot be completely avoided. Our aim is to provide the customer with safe devices and to help them make the handling of the devices as safe as possible. Our mission statement We want to do our part to create a safe working environment. With regard to the design of the safe handling of the devices, we have decided to offer operator training, our SYSTEM-CARD. The training system is checked regularly: in order to achieve constant improvements, to make changing demands on the market, to incorporate experience. Simply safe With certainty: With the distribution of our operator training, we want to make handling the devices safer. Furthermore, we want to assist the commercial tenant in fulfilling his instructions. With the SYSTEM-CARD operator training we offer him such an instrument. At the same time, we want to provide the operator with extensive knowledge about aerial work platforms, forklifts and cranes. Furthermore, we want to provide the operator with rules of conduct for the safe handling of the devices and to train him comprehensively. According to legal requirements: We aim to offer a training measure that goes beyond the legal standard and the specified standard ISO 18878. The legal standard is based on the DGUV principle 308-008 of the employer's liability insurance association "Training and commissioning of operators of aerial work platforms". High level through quality: To maintain this level, a targeted maintenance of the training concept, as well as detailed specifications for its distribution. In addition, specifications ensure that the regular trainer training courses as well as the operator training courses and the billing process are carried out at a consistently high level. Seal of quality for smooth work at heights: Thanks to many years of practical experience and trained specialist staff, we stand out as height access experts for rental and training for height access technology from IWANSKI GmbH & Co.KGAm Honigberg 2414943 Luckenwalde Telephone: +49 (0) 33 71/689 672 0Telefax: +49 (0) 33 71/689 672 9info@iwanski.cc rental station BerlinGrenzallee 4412057 Berlin Telephone: +49 (0) 30/689 72 830Telefax: +49 (0) 33 71/689 672 9info@iwanski.cc rental station DessauBrauereistr. 1306847 Dessau Telephone: +49 (0) 3 40/50 29 830Telefax: +49 (0) 33 71/689 672 9info@iwanski.cc Consent to the use of cookies and third-party tools If you consent, we use cookies and third-party tools to Personalize content and ads, be able to offer social media features and analyze traffic to our website. We pass on information about your use of our website to our partners for social media, advertising and analysis. Our partners may combine this information with other data that you have provided to them or that they have collected as part of your use of the services. This consent is voluntary and can be withdrawn at any time. More information Decline Accept