Work platform Berlin | Lifting platforms Berlin | Platform rental Luckenwalde +49 (0) 33 71/689 672 0 Berlin +49 (0) 30/689 72 830 Dessau +49 (0) 3 40/50 29 830 Luckenwalde +49 (0) 33 71/689 672 0 Berlin + 49 (0) 30/689 72 830 Dessau +49 (0) 3 40/50 29 830 Skip navigation RENTAL PROGRAM Trailer work platforms Truck work platforms Scissor work platforms Articulated telescopic work platforms Telescopic work platforms Special work platforms Front loaders Telescopic forklifts Passenger car trailers Sales work platforms Sales Trailer Rental conditions SYSTEM-CARD TRAINING SYSTEM-CARD Complete program SYSTEM-CARD aerial work platform SYSTEM-CARD Industrial truck and telescopic handler SYSTEM-CARD Instructor SYSTEM-CARD User PSAgA E-Learning PSAgA for aerial work platforms Quality Downloads Training dates INFORMATION INFORMATION About us About SYSTEM LIFT The SYSTEM LIFT seal of quality News Insert photos How to find us INQUIRIES Inquiry work platform order work platform deregistration work platform request training IMPRINT DATA PROTECTION Navigation ü skip RENTAL PROGRAM Trailer work platforms Truck work platforms Scissor work platforms Articulated telescopic work platforms Telescopic work platforms Special work platforms Front forklifts Telescopic forklifts Car trailers Sales work platforms Sale trailers Rental conditions SYSTEM-CARD TRAINING SYSTEM-CARD Overall program SYSTEM-CARD aerial work platform SYSTEM-CARD industrial truck CARD Instructor SYSTEM-CARD User PSAgA E-Learning PSAgA for aerial work platforms Quality Downloads Training dates INFORMATION About us About SYSTEM LIFT The SYSTEM LIFT seal of quality News Application photos Directions INQUIRY Request work platform order work platform deregistration work platform request training IMPRINT DATA PROTECTION trailer work platforms truck work platforms articulated scissor work platforms - Working platforms telescopic working platforms special working platforms front forklifts telescopic forklifts car trailers sales working platforms sales trailers SYSTEM-CARD training work tsbühnen rent in Berlin rental and sales nationwide ... Welcome to Iwanski work platform rental Berlin and nationwide. Lifting platforms, scissor lifts, working platforms rent or buy - the whole world of working platforms. Previous Next Iwanski aerial platforms for rent in Berlin Nationwide rent or buy from IWANSKI GmbH & Co. KG! You can reach us by phone in: Luckenwalde + 49 (0) 33 71/689 672 0 Berlin: +49 (0) 30/689 72 830 Dessau: +49 (0) 3 40/50 29 830 or by email: info @ iwanski .cc Opening times: Mon - Fri 7 a.m. - 5 p.m. !!! CURRENT LOCATION - CORONA !!! Dear customers, we at SYSTEM LIFT IWANSKI are also very aware of the challenging situation surrounding the corona virus. That is why we are working at full speed to ensure that we are reliably there for you in the next few weeks. At the same time, we ask for your understanding in the event of delays in the delivery of a machine or the use of a service technician. In particular, our employees with school-age children have to organize their everyday lives despite the closings of schools and daycare centers. Of course, they receive full support for this. We are convinced that we can master this challenge together with you. Your IWANSKI team lifting platforms, scissor lifts, working platforms - rent or buy in Berlin Welcome to the website of IWANSKI GmbH & Co. KG. We are your specialist for everything related to lifting platforms or working platforms in Berlin, Luckenwalde and Dessau. You can rent our scissor lifts, telescopic platforms or truck platforms not only in Berlin, but also beyond the borders of the capital and buy both new and used lifting and working platforms from us. As recognized and experienced experts for special lifts, scissor lifts and work platforms, you can benefit from IWANSKI in Berlin from a professional work platform rental and comprehensive, high-quality services. In our large fleet you will find the most modern equipment from well-known brand manufacturers, which thanks to our regular maintenance are always in perfect condition and can be used immediately. Our qualified specialist staff will be happy to advise you on your individual project. You can reach us free of charge at 0800 4926754. Iwanski - your professional for platform rental in Berlin and nationwide! Due to our affiliation to the ASV SYSTEM LIFT network, which can look back on over 40 years of rental experience in the field of working and lifting platforms, you have the option at IWANSKI to rent lifting platforms and working platforms beyond the capital and the surrounding area of ​​Berlin. Benefit from our extensive partner network and access more than 13,500 lifting and working platforms and forklifts. Thanks to SYSTEM LIFT AG, we have more than 80 rental stations. The latter are largely in a nationwide network in Germany, but also beyond the German borders in Austria, Italy, Romania, Switzerland and Turkey. In the course of this, you have the option of ordering larger quantities if required, which are then quickly available to you. AVS SYSTEM LIFT AG focuses on quality and optimal support through tailor-made solutions. We at IWANSKI in Berlin also see this as our company philosophy. Register with us and tell us about your height access project. We advise you comprehensively on the suitable lift or work platform for you and offer it for rent or purchase! Our working platform rental in Berlin lifting platform is the colloquial term for the technically correct expression working platform. The height-adjustable mobile work platforms, as we offer them for rent or sale at IWANSKI in Berlin, serve on the one hand as a stand for people who work at lofty heights and on the other hand as storage space for the tools and materials required for this. You are welcome to find out more about our devices on our homepage. Here we present our large selection of different work platforms that you can rent in Berlin and our other locations. Our offer ranges from scissor work platforms, telescopic work platforms to truck work platforms and trailer work platforms to special work platforms. As you can see, we have the right platform for every application, so that we can meet a wide range of requirements. Check out our online catalog! Our catalog not only contains our range of lifts, but also a data sheet for each lift, which gives you detailed information about the respective height, load capacity or range of the devices. Our product videos also clearly show you the possible uses of the individual lifts. In addition, you also have the opportunity to purchase used lifts from our range. IWANSKI stands for competent work platform rental in Berlin. Call us free of charge on 0800 4926754. Regardless of whether you need height access technology in Germany, Austria, Switzerland or Europe-wide: We can deliver the desired number of lifts from different manufacturers and your requirements at any time. How does a work platform work? Operator training via IWANSKI in Berlin Safety comes first. That is why we offer you our SYSTEM-CARD training, which enables you not only to work professionally with our lifting platforms in Berlin, but also internationally with all common lifting platforms from SYSTEM LIFT. Our experienced team instructs your employees in the devices, trains device technology and operation in theory and practice, and also addresses important issues such as safety regulations and accident prevention. Operator training for working platforms can take place in our own premises in the Berlin area or directly at your location. After completing the course, you will receive our SYSTEM CARD. Information such as prices or training dates can be requested and agreed individually using our form or by telephone (03371 6896720). Rent or buy a working platform? IWANSKI advises customers in Berlin and the surrounding area personally! Would you like more information about our offer? Our experienced employees from the Berlin area will be happy to advise you on all aspects of working platform rental and lifting platforms and will find the right device for your application. You can reach us by phone on 03371-6896720 or using the contact form. You are also welcome to contact our other locations in Luckenwalde and Dessau. Our friendly team from Jörg Iwanski looks forward to your call. Iwanski is a partner of SYSTEM LIFT (work platforms rental service: AVS SYSTEM LIFT AG) and can therefore access more than 18,000 work platforms, lifting platforms and special platforms as well as forklifts throughout Germany and Europe - thanks to our 70+ rental stations, also in your area! You can find more information about SYSTEM LIFT at www.systemlift.de. × IWANSKI GmbH & Co.KGm Honigberg 2414943 Luckenwalde Telephone: +49 (0) 33 71/689 672 0 Fax: +49 (0) 33 71/689 672 9info@iwanski.cc Rental station BerlinGrenzallee 4412057 Berlin Telephone: +49 (0) 30 / 689 72 830 Fax: +49 (0) 33 71/689 672 9info@iwanski.cc Rental station DessauBrauereistr. 1306847 Dessau Telephone: +49 (0) 3 40/50 29 830Telefax: +49 (0) 33 71/689 672 9info@iwanski.cc Consent to the use of cookies and third-party tools If you consent, we use cookies and third-party tools to Personalize content and ads, be able to offer social media features and analyze traffic to our website. We pass on information about your use of our website to our partners for social media, advertising and analysis. Our partners may combine this information with other data that you have provided to them or that they have collected as part of your use of the services. This consent is voluntary and can be withdrawn at any time. More information Decline Accept