Rental conditions Luckenwalde +49 (0) 33 71/689 672 0 Berlin +49 (0) 30/689 72 830 Dessau +49 (0) 3 40/50 29 830 Luckenwalde +49 (0) 33 71/689 672 0 Berlin + 49 (0) 30/689 72 830 Dessau +49 (0) 3 40/50 29 830 Skip navigation RENTAL PROGRAM Trailer work platforms Truck work platforms Scissor work platforms Articulated telescopic work platforms Telescopic work platforms Special work platforms Front loaders Telescopic forklifts Passenger car trailers Sales work platforms Sales Trailer rental conditions SYSTEM-CARD TRAINING SYSTEM-CARD Complete program SYSTEM-CARD aerial work platform SYSTEM-CARD industrial truck and telescopic handler SYSTEM-CARD instructor SYSTEM-CARD user PSAgA e-learning PSAgA for aerial work platforms Quality Downloads Training dates INFORMATION INFORMATION About us About SYSTEM LIFT The SYSTEM LIFT seal of quality News Insert photos How to find us INQUIRIES Inquiry work platform order work platform deregistration work platform inquiry training IMPRINT DATA PROTECTION Skip navigation ingen RENTAL PROGRAM Trailer work platforms Truck work platforms Scissor work platforms Articulated telescopic work platforms Telescopic work platforms Special work platforms Front loaders Telescopic forklifts Car trailers Sales work platforms Sale trailers Rental conditions SYSTEM-CARD TRAINING SYSTEM-CARD Complete program SYSTEM-CARD aerial work platform SYSTEM-CARD industrial truck and telescopic handler CARD Instructor SYSTEM-CARD User PSAgA E-Learning PSAgA for aerial work platforms Quality Downloads Training dates INFORMATION About us About SYSTEM LIFT The SYSTEM LIFT seal of quality News Application photos Directions INQUIRY Request work platform order work platform deregistration work platform request training IMPRINT DATA PROTECTION trailer work platforms truck work platforms articulated scissor work platforms - Working platforms telescopic working platforms special working platforms front forklifts telescopic forklifts car trailers sales working platforms sales trailers SYSTEM-CARD training general Terms of lease for the rental of work platforms, construction machinery, construction equipment and industrial machinery 1. General - scope 1.1 The present general rental agreement conditions of the lessor apply to all offers and rental agreements for the rental of construction machinery, construction equipment and industrial machinery; The tenant's rental contract terms are expressly rejected. 1.2 The current version of these general rental contract terms also applies to future contracts for the rental of movable property with the same tenant. 1.3 In individual cases, individual agreements made with the tenant (including side agreements, additions and changes) always take precedence over these rental contract conditions. A written contract or the written confirmation of the landlord is decisive for the content of such agreements. 1.4 Legally relevant declarations and notifications that the tenant must submit to the landlord after the contract has been concluded must be in writing in order to be effective. 1.5 Unless otherwise stated, all offers of the landlord are non-binding. 1.6 The underlying rental agreement and these general rental agreement terms only apply to an entrepreneur, a legal entity under public law or a special fund under public law in accordance with section 310 (1) sentence 1 BGB. 2. General rights and obligations of landlord and tenant 2.1 The landlord undertakes to provide the tenant with the rented property for the agreed rental period. 2.2 The lessee undertakes to use the rental object only as intended, in particular to carefully observe the relevant accident prevention and occupational safety regulations as well as road traffic regulations, in particular also with regard to loading and transporting the rental object, to pay the rent as agreed, to treat the rental object properly and when the Return the rental period cleaned and fully fueled. 2.3 The lessee is obliged to inform the lessor immediately on request of the respective location or place of use of the rental object as well as any intended change of location or place of use. 3. Surrender of the rented object, default by the lessor 3.1 The lessor must hand over the rented object to the lessee in perfect, operational and fully fueled condition with the necessary documents. 3.2 If the landlord is in arrears with the transfer at the start of the rental period, the tenant can demand compensation if he demonstrably has suffered damage as a result of the delay. Without prejudice to no. 5.1 In the event of slight negligence, the compensation to be paid by the lessor for each working day is limited to a maximum of the amount of the daily net rental price. After setting a reasonable period, the tenant can withdraw from the contract if the landlord is still in arrears at this time. 3.3 In the event of delay, the landlord is also entitled to provide the tenant with a functionally equivalent rental object to remedy the damage, if this is reasonable for the tenant. 4. Defects upon transfer of the rented object 4.1 The tenant is entitled to inspect the rented object in good time before the start of the rental and to report any defects. The tenant bears the costs of an examination. 4.2 Defects that are recognizable upon surrender and that do not negligibly impair the intended use can no longer be criticized if they have not been reported to the lessor in writing immediately after examination. Other defects that are already present at the time of delivery must be reported in writing immediately after discovery. 4.3 The lessor has to remedy the defects reported in good time, which existed at the time of transfer, at his own expense. At the choice of the lessor, he can also have the removal carried out by the lessee; then he bears the necessary costs. The landlord is also entitled to provide the tenant with a functionally equivalent rental object if this is reasonable for the tenant. The lessee's obligation to pay is postponed if the rented property is significantly impaired by the time in which the suitability for the contractual use is canceled. For the period during which the suitability is reduced, the lessee only has to pay a reasonably reduced rent. An insignificant reduction in suitability is not taken into account. 4.4 If the landlord lets a reasonable grace period set against him for the elimination of a defect existing at the time of delivery pass through his fault, the tenant has a right of withdrawal. The lessee's right of withdrawal also exists in other cases of failure of the landlord to remedy a defect that was present in the transfer. 5. Limitation of liability by the lessor 5.1 Further claims for damages against the lessor, in particular compensation for damage that has not occurred to the rental property itself, can only be asserted by the lessee in the event of • an intentional breach of duty by the lessor; • a grossly negligent breach of duty by the landlord or in the event of an intentional or grossly negligent breach of duty by a legal representative or vicarious agent of the landlord; • culpable violation of essential contractual obligations insofar as the achievement of the contractual purpose is jeopardized, with regard to the foreseeable damage typical of the contract; • damage resulting from injury to life, limb or health, which is based on a negligent breach of duty by the lessor or an intentional or negligent breach of duty by a legal representative or vicarious agent of the lessor; • if the landlord is liable for personal injury or property damage to privately used objects according to the Product Liability Act. Moreover, liability is excluded. 5.2 If, through the fault of the lessor, the rented object cannot be used by the lessee as a result of the failure to perform or incorrect execution of proposals and advice before or after the conclusion of the contract, as well as other contractual ancillary obligations - in particular instructions for the operation and maintenance of the rented object - then other shall apply, to the exclusion of others Claims of the lessee in accordance with the provisions of sections 4.3 and 4.4 and section 5.1. 6. Rental price and payment, assignment to secure the rental debt 6.1 The calculation of the rent is based on a working time of up to 8 hours a day. Billing is based on the five-day week (Monday to Friday). Weekend work, additional hours and difficult assignments are to be reported to the landlord; they will be charged additionally. 6.2 Unless otherwise stated, all prices are plus statutory VAT. 6.3 The landlord is entitled to demand a reasonable advance payment of the rental price from the tenant at any time. 6.4 The lessee has the right to withhold payments or to set off counterclaims only to the extent that his counterclaims are undisputed or legally established. 6.5 If the tenant is in arrears with the payment of an amount due for more than 14 calendar days after a written reminder, the landlord is entitled to announce the rental object after the announcement without calling the court at the expense of the tenant, who will allow access to the rental object and transportation has to collect and otherwise dispose of it. The claims to which the lessor is entitled from the contract remain; however, the amounts that the landlord has achieved within the agreed contract period, for example by renting to another person, will be deducted after deducting the costs incurred by the return and re-letting. 6.6 Amounts due are included in the current account with regard to a current account retention of title agreed for deliveries between the contracting parties. 6.7 The landlord is entitled to demand a reasonable non-interest-bearing deposit as security at any time. 6.8 In the amount of the agreed rental price, minus the deposit received, the lessee assigns his claims against his client, for whose order the rental object is used, to the lessor. The landlord accepts the assignment. 7.Closed clause 7.1 The work on the workplace for which the device is rented is at least at a standstill as a result of circumstances for which neither the tenant nor his client are responsible (e.g. frost, flood, strike, internal unrest, war events, official orders) ten consecutive days, from the 11th calendar day this time is considered to be a resting period. 7.2 The rental period agreed upon for a certain period is extended by the period of inactivity. 7.3 The lessee has to pay the agreed percentage of the agreed monthly rent corresponding to this time based on a working day shift of 8 hours; unless otherwise agreed, the standard percentage of 75% applies. 7.4 The tenant must immediately notify the landlord in writing both of the cessation of the work and of its resumption and provide evidence of the idle time on request by means of documents. 8. Tenant's obligation to maintain 8.1 The tenant is obliged to a) protect the rental object against overuse in any way; b) to carry out the proper and professional maintenance and care of the rental object at its own expense; c) Announce the necessary inspection and repair work in good time and have it carried out immediately by the landlord. The landlord bears the costs if the tenant and his assistants have demonstrably observed all due care. 8.2 The lessor is entitled to inspect the rented property at any time and, after prior consultation with the lessee, to examine it himself or to have it examined by a representative. The lessee is obliged to make the investigation easier for the lessor or his representative. The landlord bears the costs of the examination. 9. Liability of the lessee in the event of rental with operating personnel When renting the rental object with operating personnel, the operating personnel may only be used to operate the rental object, not for other work. The landlord is only liable for damage caused by the operating personnel if they have not properly selected the operating personnel. The lessee bears liability. 10. Termination of the rental period and return delivery of the rental object 10.1 The lessee is obliged to notify the lessor in advance of the intended return delivery of the rental object (free notification). 10.2 The rental period ends on the day on which the rental object with all the parts required for its commissioning arrives in the landlord's storage area or at an agreed other destination in a proper and contractual condition, but at the earliest at the end of the agreed rental period; No. 6.5 The last half sentence applies accordingly. 10.3 The lessee must return the rental item in an operational, fully refueled and cleaned condition or have it ready for collection; No. 8.1 b) and c) apply accordingly. 10.4 The return delivery must be made in good time during the lessor's normal business hours so that the lessor is able to inspect the rental object on that day. 11. Violation of the maintenance obligation 11.1 If the rental object is returned in a condition that shows that the tenant has 8 the maintenance obligation provided has not been met, the tenant is obliged to pay the amount of the rental price as compensation until the end of the maintenance work that was not carried out in accordance with the contract. 11.2 The extent of the defects and damage for which the lessee is responsible must be communicated to the lessee and he must be given the opportunity to check them. The landlord has to give the tenant the cost of the repair work required to remedy the defects, if possible before the start of the repair work. 11.3 The proper return delivery of the rented object is deemed to be recognized by the lessor if there are recognizable defects in the case of timely return delivery within the meaning of prov. 10.4 have not been objected to immediately and otherwise, or in the case of other defects, within 14 calendar days of arrival at the destination. 12. Further obligations of the lessee 12.1 The lessee may not transfer the rented property to a third party, assign rights under this contract or grant any kind of rights to the rented property. 12.2 Should a third party assert rights to the rented property through confiscation, attachment or the like, the tenant is obliged to notify the landlord immediately in writing and verbally and to notify the third party of this immediately by demonstrable written notification. 12.3 The tenant must take suitable measures to protect against theft of the rented property. 12.4 The lessee must immediately inform the lessor of all accidents and damage and wait for their instructions. In the event of traffic accidents and suspected criminal offenses (e.g. theft, property damage), the police must be consulted. 12.5 If the tenant culpably violates the above provisions of 12.1. until 12.4., he is obliged to compensate the landlord for any damage that arises from this. 13. Termination 13.1a) The rental contract concluded over a certain rental period is generally non-cancellable for both contracting parties. b) The same applies to the minimum rental period within the framework of a rental contract concluded for an indefinite period. After the minimum rental period has expired, the tenant has the right to terminate the rental contract concluded for an indefinite period with one day's notice. c) In the case of rental contracts for an indefinite period without a minimum rental period, the notice period is • one day if the rental price per day • two days if the rental price is per week • one week if the rental price is agreed per month. 13.2 The lessor is entitled to terminate the rental agreement after giving notice without notice. A) in the case of no. 6.5; b) if after conclusion of the contract it becomes apparent to the lessor that the tenant's entitlement to rent payment is endangered due to the tenant's inefficiency; c) if the tenant does not use the rented object or part of it in accordance with the intended purpose without the landlord's consent or moves it to another location outside the Federal Republic of Germany without the prior written consent of the landlord; d) in cases of violations of para. 8.1. 13.3 If the landlord makes use of the 13.2 right to terminate, Section. 6.5 in connection with the numbers 10 and 11 corresponding application. 13.4 The tenant can terminate the rental agreement without notice if the use of the rental object is not possible in the longer term due to reasons for which the lessor is responsible. 14. Loss of the rented property 14.1 Should the tenant be culpable or impossible for technical reasons that could be caused by the tenant. 10.3 to comply with the obligation to return the rental object, he is obliged to pay compensation. 15. Applicable law and place of jurisdiction 15.1 This contract is subject to the law of the Federal Republic of Germany. 15.2 The place of performance for all services arising from or in connection with the contract is the place of business of the lessor or the seat of its branch which has concluded the contract. 15.3 If the tenant is a merchant, a legal entity under public law or a special fund under public law, the exclusive place of jurisdiction for all disputes arising directly or indirectly from the contractual relationship is the place of business of the landlord or - at his discretion - the seat of his branch which has concluded the contract . The landlord can also call the court responsible for the tenant. (Status: 01/2010) IWANSKI GmbH & Co.KGAm Honigberg 2414943 Luckenwalde Telephone: +49 (0) 33 71/689 672 0Telefax: +49 (0) 33 71/689 672 9info@iwanski.cc Rental station BerlinGrenzallee 4412057 Berlin Telephone: + 49 (0) 30/689 72 830 Fax: +49 (0) 33 71/689 672 9info@iwanski.cc Rental station DessauBrauereistr. 1306847 Dessau Telephone: +49 (0) 3 40/50 29 830Telefax: +49 (0) 33 71/689 672 9info@iwanski.cc Consent to the use of cookies and third-party tools If you consent, we use cookies and third-party tools to Personalize content and ads, be able to offer social media features and analyze traffic to our website. We pass on information about your use of our website to our partners for social media, advertising and analysis. Our partners may combine this information with other data that you have provided to them or that they have collected as part of your use of the services. This consent is voluntary and can be withdrawn at any time. More information Decline Accept