Privacy policy | Workshop XXI Jump to navigation Home tallerxxi Get to know us ServiciosDe TallerXXI for you ActualidadNews TXXI Workshop infoFor Professionals Facebook Home> Privacy Policy 1. Privacy Policy Through this notice, ESPECIALIDADES ELECTRICAS LAUSAN, SA, domiciled at BILBAO 48009, Alameda Mazarredo, 16 (hereinafter) , "LAUSAN") informs the users of the Internet portal of their property (hereinafter, the "Users" and the "Portal") about their policy of protection of personal data (hereinafter, "Personal Data" ) for Users to determine, freely and voluntarily, whether they wish to provide LAUSAN with the Personal Data that may be required or that may be obtained from Users upon subscription or registration in some of the services offered by LAUSAN on the Portal or through the Portal. LAUSAN reserves the right to modify this policy to adapt it to new legislation or jurisprudence as well as to industry practices. In such cases, LAUSAN will announce on this page the changes introduced with reasonable notice before its implementation. Certain services provided on the Portal may contain particular conditions with specific provisions regarding the protection of Personal Data. The files and files thus created will be the property and responsibility of LAUSAN. The owner of the data will have at all times the right to access the files, being able to exercise the rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition in the terms set forth in the data protection legislation. To this end, a letter signed by the owner of the data should be addressed to the registered office of LAUSAN that appears in the header, attaching a copy of the National Identity Document and indicating the address of the owner in order to send LAUSAN confirmation of its action in accordance your request. The delivery of all the data required for registration as a user is mandatory, and LAUSAN may deny registration to the interested party who does not provide such data. The purpose of the automated collection and processing of Personal Data is to maintain the contractual relationship, where appropriate, established with LAUSAN, the management, administration, provision, expansion and improvement of the services in which the User decides to subscribe, register, or use the adaptation of said services to the preferences and needs of the Users, the study of the use of the services by the Users, the design of new services related to said services, the sending of service updates, the sending , by traditional and electronic means, of technical, operational and commercial information about products and services offered by LAUSAN and / or by third parties, currently and in the future. The purpose of the automated collection and processing of Personal Data also includes the sending of survey forms, which the User is not obliged to answer. "The personal data that is requested will be treated in accordance with Organic Law 15/1999, of December 13, on the Protection of Personal Data. Thus, we inform you that your personal data will be incorporated into a file whose head is Lausan SA domiciled in C / Moncada 9 de Bilbao 48002 (Vizcaya) .The purpose of the treatment is the commercial and administrative management of the consultations made and the services contracted.In addition, we inform you that you can exercise your rights of access, rectification, modification and cancellation of your personal data by writing to the above address or to the email lopd@lausan.es "2. This Website uses the following types of cookies: A cookie is a text file that is stored on the computer or mobile device through a Web server and only that server will be able to retrieve or read the content of the cookie and allow the Website to remember browsing preferences and na avenge efficiently. Cookies make the interaction between the user and the website faster and easier. Cookie Name Purpose How? Session Register the user's data entries on the Website When the user fills out a social network plug-in form Allow the user to share content with members of a certain social network As long as the user has not disconnected from a social network Google Analytics To carry out the statistics of use of the Website we use cookies in order to know the level of recurrence of our visitors and the content that is most interesting. In this way we can focus our efforts on improving the most visited areas and make it easier for the user to find what they are looking for. On the Website, the information of your visit can be used to carry out statistical evaluations and calculations on anonymous data, as well as to guarantee the continuity of the service or to make improvements to its Websites. For more details, see the privacy policy at the following link http://www.google.com/intl/es/policies/privacy/ When you access the Website Consent The user, by accepting these conditions, consents to the use of the cookies. This website uses those strictly necessary for its correct operation and to carry out web usage statistics, which in no case make the user identifiable. The storage and treatment of the information thus obtained is for a technical purpose, in order to carry out the transmission of a communication through an electronic communications network, as well as to be able to carry out the provision of an information society service expressly requested. by the registered user. In any case, the user can access the preferences menu of their browser and configure it so that cookies are not installed, delete existing ones and / or delete them before starting to browse other pages of the Website. You can also use tracking cookie blocking tools like Do Not Track. Original Replacement Facebook Tel: 944 705 808 Fax: 944 439 893 Alameda Mazarredo, 16 - 48009 BILBAO tallerxxi@tallerxxi.com OFICINASCENTRALES All rights reserved Copyright 2020 ESPECIALIDADES ELÉCTRICAS LAUSAN S.A. Legal_Disclaimer / Privacy Policy