Car Maintenance and Repair | TallerXXI Jump to navigation Home tallerxxiGet to know usServiciosXXI Workshop for you ActualidadNews TXXI Workshop infoFor Professionals Facebook Online Offers Home> Services> Offers Offers WORKSHOP XXI Here you have your car The usual workshop. A service like never before. We are the workshop that is close to your home, your workplace; the workshop of a lifetime, the workshop in your neighborhood. We live and work with you. But we are not just any workshop: we are distinguished by our ability to detect, with high precision, the breakdowns of all types of cars. We detect them and resolve them. Your car like the first day. We have effective protocols, technical assistance and continuous training, which enables us to undertake any repair, have the difficulty that ... Discounted batteries In winter it is time to check the batteries. During the summer they deteriorate with the heat and it is in winter when they begin to slacken mainly due to the cold. If you don't want to be left stranded, stop by your XXI Workshop to check the batteries. And if you need or decide to change it, we offer it to you with a significant discount. See nearest workshop Breathe happiness in your vehicle! This Christmas, breathe happiness in your vehicle. A new year is coming that will come loaded with surprises and good news. From TallerXXI we wish you a Merry Christmas and a 2020 full of joy, and also for every repair over € 99 we give you an elegant air freshener for your car. See nearest workshop Prepare your car November arrives, prepare your car The days are getting shorter; the rain, more and more frequent. Have you prepared your car for fall? Don't take the risk, come to your XXI Workshop and we will replace the lights and wiper blades with a 20% discount. See nearest workshop IT'S TIME TO STOP IN BOXES How about your car? Do you take care of it as it deserves? It is time for you to make a technical stop and for your XXI Workshop to carry out a detailed inspection. In addition, you will have a 20% discount on replacing the distribution kit or changing the battery (only certain references, check them in your XXI Workshop). See nearest workshop THIS SUMMER WE TAKE YOU TO THE BEACH We want you to enjoy your vacation without any problem, that your car takes you to your destination without setbacks, that your only concern is to rest and enjoy yourself to the fullest. Therefore, we put at your disposal the best professionals and the best spare parts. And if you trust us, with any repair or maintenance exceeding € 99 (VAT included), we will give you an ecological bag so that you can take everything you ... to the beach. See nearest workshop Original Replacement Facebook Tel: 944 705 808 Fax: 944 439 893 Alameda Mazarredo, 16 - 48009 BILBAO tallerxxi@tallerxxi.com OFICINASCENTRALES All rights reserved Copyright 2020 ESPECIALIDADES ELÉCTRICAS LAUSAN SA Legal_Disclaimer / Privacy Policy