Legal notice | Workshop XXI Jump to navigation Home tallerxxi Get to know us ServiciosDe TallerXXI for you ActualidadTualidad TXXI Workshop infoFor Professionals Facebook Home> Legal notice 1.- IDENTITY OF THE HOLDER OF THIS WEB SPECIALTIES ELÉCTRICAS LAUSAN, S.A. Alameda Mazarredo, 16 48009 Bilbao CIF: A48057467 Tel: 944 705 808 Fax: 944 439 893 webadmin@lausan.es Registered in the Mercantile Registry of Bizkaia, Volume 431, L. 181, Section 3, Folio 36, Sheet 2,177, 1st registration. 2. WHAT IS THE TALLERXXI WEB SITE The www.tallerxxi.com site is the interactive space created by LAUSAN to offer more information on the activities and services of the TallerXXI workshop network. 3. OWNERSHIP OF THE WEBSITE AND RESTRICTIONS ON USE This Website is the property of LAUSAN, all trademarks, domain names and other intellectual property rights are its property, in such a way that no content thereof may be transferred, copied, reproduced, published, uploaded, sent, transmitted, distributed or exploited in any way, except for the use of the Web and its contents in accordance with its purpose. Contravening the above will suppose a violation of the copyright and other property rights of the company, the modification and the use of the contents for purposes other than those allowed here is a violation of the copyright and other intellectual property rights of LAUSAN . For the purposes of these conditions of use, the use of the contents referred to herein on any other website or computer network is prohibited. 4. DURATION These conditions of use shall govern as long as they remain unchanged on the website, LAUSAN reserving the right to its alteration, modification or deletion at any time, these changes must appear on the website itself. 5 DATA PROTECTION POLICY The main purpose of the website www.tallerxxi.com is to inform about the services and activities of the TallerXXI workshop network, which assumes the legal obligations regarding the protection of personal data, especially regarding a: 1. The existence of a file or treatment of personal data. 2. The purpose of data collection. 3. The recipients of the information. 4. The optional or mandatory nature of the questions that are asked. 5. The consequences of obtaining the data or refusing to supply them. 6. The possibility of exercising the rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition. 7. The identity and address of the person responsible for the treatment or, where appropriate, of his representative. Original Replacement Facebook Tel: 944 705 808 Fax: 944 439 893 Alameda Mazarredo, 16 - 48009 BILBAO tallerxxi@tallerxxi.com OFICINASCENTRALES All rights reserved Copyright 2020 ESPECIALIDADES ELÉCTRICAS LAUSAN S.A. Legal_Disclaimer / Privacy Policy