VIVA! Stars, show business, fashion. Iconic interviews and photo sessions Viva.pl Viva.pl News Interviews Sessions Video People Go to the Interviews section VIVY! VIVA sessions! VIVA news! FASHION Fashion Go to the Trendy section Style icons Great designers Shopping VIVA! FASHION Beauty Go to section News Makeup Care Lifestyle Go to section Design Travel Kitchen Horoscope VIVA! Mama Kultura Go to the section Arts Book Film Music Festivals Video Viva! VIVA! Eco Our actions ONLY IN VIVA! 7 tips for living in a pandemic according to Agnieszka Maciąg WHAT IS TALKING Dorota Szelągowska is expecting a third child ?! VIVY HOROSCOPE! What will happen in your life? Check your horoscope for Wednesday ONLY IN VIVA! 7 tips for living in a pandemic according to Agnieszka Maciąg WHAT IS TALKING Dorota Szelągowska is expecting a third child ?! VIVY HOROSCOPE! What will happen in your life? Check your horoscope for Wednesday. LIFE OF STARS Strong confession of Anna Dereszowska: "The most difficult is knowing that my daughter is sick" What is suffering from little Lenka? May 13, 2020, partner Avon supports entrepreneurial girls. Taking care of yourself has never been so easy! May 1, 2020 ONLY IN VIVIE! 7 tips on living in a pandemic according to Agnieszka Maciąg Joginka, author of books, a former model on how to survive a difficult time and how to make it valuable May 13, 2020 THIS IS TALKED Dorota Szelągowska is expecting a third child ?! The photo she added moved internet users May 13, 2020 partner Editorial test: We tried IsaDora mascaras! Check if they met our expectations! April 30, 2020 HIVOSCOPE VIVA! What will happen in your life? Check your horoscope on Wednesday. Prophecy on 13/05/2020 13 May 2020 Inspirations Almost identical only from the chain! Do you remember Manolo Blahnik's heels? Video The government is slowly slowing down restrictions in various parts of the country! Edyta Górniak will not be vaccinated against coronavirus: "I prefer to leave this world" Małgorzata Ostrowska-Królikowska about life after her husband's death: "Paweł is with us. It's bright ... "He was awake all the time. The details of Paweł Królikowski's operation were revealed. Dorota Szelągowska's favorite word is a curse, and the thing that annoys her in her son is ... The latest biography reveals shocking information. Marilyn Monroe was pregnant with Kennedy ?! Sensational reports and conflicting information. What's going on with Kim Jong Un? A luxury hotel, the company of my sister and mother. This was Princess Kate's last maiden night! She is called the PR queen. Who is the sister of Kim Jong Una? Dorota Szelągowska: "If only I had to look after children, I would go crazy, although I love them very much" VIVA INTERVIEWS! Monika Miller: "I live with my grandparents now, it says best who we are to each other" "I love the stories of my grandparents from their youth" 13 May 2020 THIS IS TALKED Koronavirus in Poland: new cases of infection have been reported. We know the numbers Further information was provided by the Ministry of Health on May 12, 2020 Beloved May! 6 see 6 see Spanish dress is the hottest trend of the season! How to wear it Kitchen for spring 2020 - learn the rules of the healthiest diet! The government opens hotels on May 4! But it will not be like it always ... Kitchen for spring 2020 - learn the recipes with strawberries in the lead role! Read Car cinemas are moving in cities all over Poland! Read Will we be able to go to the gym or pool in May? Read Trends 2020: Fashionable and comfortable sportswear for the bike! Read more. Actions partner. Editorial test: We tried IsaDora mascaras! Check if they met our expectations! care partner for dry and damaged hair. What cosmetics should I use? We dispel any doubts! partner 10 books that we recommend for spring and summer days and evenings # stay home and read! see more People talk about it! THIS IS TALKED The government is slowly slowing down restrictions in various parts of the country! THIS IS SPEAKING Ola Kowalska showed a moving photo with a dressing around the neck! they talk about it! Wedding trends 2021: what will coronavirus weddings look like? 6 see 6 see FROM THE LIFE OF STARS She chose the name Laura. We check what older sister Klara Lewandowska will be! Sex and relationships 2020 Popular matchmaker Anna Guzior-Rutyna talks about relationships and dating during a pandemic! they talk about it! Do you dream about foreign holidays? This summer it may go wrong! THIS IS TALKED Will hair and beauty salons not be open on May 18? SPRING 2020 TRENDS SIRT diet - a hit in spring 2020! It was thanks to her that Adele lost weight 45 kg! People talk about it. When will you really have to wear masks? We know the official answer! Gallery 13 see 13 see Here is the spring collection of the Polish brand Saint Body! 7 see 7 see Here are the best covering and mattifying foundations 2020! 5 see 5 see The saddest princess, she is called the Japanese Diana. Meet the new empress of Japan! 10 see 10 see The new Zara spring-summer 2020 collection! What is worth buying? 7 see 7 see Kitchen for spring 2020 - what is the serotonin diet? 5 see 5 see Interior trends 2020: H&M Home collection for summer 7 see 7 see Here are the most fashionable sweatshirts for spring 2020! 5 see 5 see Selena Gomez bought a new home in Los Angeles ... We look inside! 10 see 10 see Strawberries, wine, chocolate ... What foods will disappear soon? 8 see 8 see Here are the most fashionable suits of the spring / summer 2020 season! 4 see 4 see We look into the wardrobe of Małgorzata Kożuchowska! 10 see 10 see Fashionable interiors 2020! What colors will be fashionable this year? 7 see 7 see Do you work at home? Discover the 7 most interesting coffee ideas! 10 see 10 see What skirts will be fashionable in spring 2020? 6 see 6 see Here are the most fashionable interior decorations for Easter! 6 see 6 see Jennifer Lopez is promoting a neon manicure trend! 9 see 9 see The most fashionable models of coats for spring 2020! 14 see 14 see The most fashionable shirts and blouses for spring 2020! THIS IS SPEAKING Krzysztof Jackowski predicted what summer 2020 will look like! His vision is not optimistic ... May 12, 2020 THIS IS TALKED. He describes the shocking stories of Arab women or lies to readers? We check who Laila Shukri is, she has been privacy for years ... May 12, 2020 FROM THE FASHION WORLD With this legendary dress Marilyn Monroe seduced the President of the United States! She sang in it, Happy Birthday, Mr. President "May 12, 2020 VIDEO VIVY.PL How well do Katarzyna Cichopek and Marcin Hakiel know each other? We tested them! 15 years ago the couple won" Dancing with the Stars "! May 12, 2020 Top 1 Did Tatiana Okupnik undergo plastic surgery? What happened? with her body after delivery? 2 Anna Lewandowska counts down the days until the birth of her second child! 3 Ewa Żarska's funeral is over. The journalist said goodbye to her family and friends Inspirations Sensational conclusions of scientists! The most effective weapon for coronavirus are ... llamas ?! Kitchen in spring 2020 - meet proven recipes for broad beans in the main role! What to do at home during quarantine? Suggestions for fashion lovers 9 see 9 see Trendy hairstyles for spring 2020! Rejuvenate and slim the face! Kitchen for spring 2020 - learn the recipes with strawberries in the lead role! Lara Gessler she is pregnant! The star showed a charming photo 5 see 5 see Why Queen Elizabeth II always chooses colorful creations? K for spring 2020 - meet the Locavore diet! 6 see 6 see Spanish dress is the hottest trend of the season! How to wear it 7 see 7 see Discover truly luxury care! 11 see 11 see The most beautiful handbags from spring collections of Polish brands! Magda Mołek in a spectacular spring stylization! Learn the secrets of the world's most famous handbag, 2.55 Chanel! That's how Kasia and Ola Kowalskie told us about their relationship ... It was stormy! Spring 2020 kitchen - get to know the recipes for quick and easy rice dishes! "My place on Earth is within me. I have always been looking for something outside - partners, places, houses, apartments. And it was so close. And this is reconciliation, freedom and giving it to others. I don't run for anything anymore. ”Dorota Szelągowska 4 see 4 see THIS IS GOOD TO TALK Griffith, Kidman, Zellweger have been botox victims and plastic surgery while fighting for their youth! See their scary metamorphoses! May 12, 2020 THIS IS TALKED BY Maria Niklińska honestly about difficult relations with her mother! Has her contact with Jolanta Fajkowska improved? 12 May 2020 More news The current issue Dorota Szelągowska talks about difficult times, arranges a home in Warmia, rediscovers motherhood and plans the future. "I verified everything", i.e. MARK DYJAK about life in sobriety and isolation and an unusual marriage story: ELŻBIETA AND KRZYSZTOF PENDERECCY "Compose our love" Subscription Subscription Subscription Find us About us Advertising Contact Regulations Privacy Policy © 2020 Edipresse Polska S.A. Visit our portals Party.pl Polki.pl Wizaz.pl Mamotoja.pl Gotujmy.pl Bangla - Ilewazy.pl product catalog Lincoln.edu.pl Further distribution of texts, photos and video materials published on the site in whole or in part requires the prior consent of the publisher . The link has been copied to the clipboard ×