Cookies: Mercedes-Benz Viva Inwestycje Sp. z o.o. Pyskowice Cookies Tips on the use of cookies and analysis of data on the use of analytical tools. We use cookies and other similar technologies, for example HTML5 Storage or Local Shared Objects (hereinafter referred to as the general term "cookies"), which allow us to track user preferences and particularly popular areas of our websites, and allow optimal design of websites and making them more user-friendly. We use the analytical tools Adobe Analytics and Google Analytics for the same purposes; cookies may also be used in this respect. 1. Functions and use of cookies a. Cookies are small files that are transferred from the website you visit to your desktop, notebook or mobile device. On this basis, we can, for example, determine whether a connection has been established between your device and our websites, or what language or settings you prefer. Cookies may also contain personal data. b. When you visit our pages, you consent to the use of cookies. You can also visit our websites without agreeing to the use of cookies. Ie. you can cancel the application and delete cookies at any time by making the appropriate settings on your device. This is done as follows: I. Most browsers according to the default setting automatically accept cookies. This default setting can be changed by activating the * Block cookies * setting in your browser. II. Saved cookies can be deleted at any time. Detailed information in this regard is available in the instructions of your browser manufacturer or device. III. Information on deactivating Local Shared Objects is available at the following link: Information on disconnecting Local Shared Objects Like the use of cookies, also their rejection or removal is associated with the device used, as well as with the browser used each time. Therefore, cookies should be rejected or deleted separately for each of your devices, and if you use more browsers also for each browser separately. If you decide to block cookies, it may turn out that not all functions of our websites will be available to you, or individual functions will be available only in a limited way. Cookies are divided into the following categories: I. Absolutely necessary cookies (type 1) These cookies are absolutely necessary for the functioning of websites. Without these cookies, we would not be able to offer you e.g. services such as the vehicle configurator. II. Functional cookies (type 2) These cookies facilitate the operation and improve the functionality of websites. We save in functional cookies, e.g. your language settings. III. Offer cookies (type 3) These cookies collect information about your use of our websites. Thanks to them, we are able to determine which aspects of our website are particularly popular, and thus optimize our offer. In this regard, please also refer to the section "Analysis of usage data". IV. Third-party cookies (type 4) These cookies are placed by third parties, e.g. social networks such as Facebook, Twitter and Google+, whose content you can integrate through the "social plugins" offered on our websites. Further information on the use and functions of social plug-ins is available in section 4 of our privacy policy. Privacy Policy General cookie Cookie name Description Cookie type _it _pr When logging in to the My Mercedes section, the cookie data of the user profile is stored in the cookie to receive login status. Type 1 _slt (soft login token) This cookie saves insensitive user profile data to personalize the website when the user is not logged in. Type 1 _st (login token) This cookie saves insensitive user profile data to personalize the website when the user is logged in. Type 1 APISID HSID ID OGPC NID PREF SAPISID SID SS SSID These cookies are activated by Google Maps to allow the presentation of the dealer search function on the map. Type 1 cccidealer This cookie saves the Mercedes-Benz dealer selected in the query. This contact will be selected by default on next queries. Type 1 dealer This cookie saves the preferred contact to the dealer, saved in the My Mercedes user profile. Type 1 pgid sid These cookies assign to your device an anonymous identifier (session ID) for the duration of your visit in order to be able to present personalized content (e.g. recently viewed products). Type 1 storedVehicles <Subprocess> _ <market> As part of our search function for new and used cars, it is possible to add interesting offers to the list of stored items. Such offer data is saved in this file. Type 1 JSESSIONID This cookie is initiated by an external server providing map data. It stores the session ID (session ID) that connects several related queries to the server and assigns them to the session. Type 4 ARPT To guarantee a trouble-free use of the Mercedes-Benz websites for every user, we use more servers to spread the load. This cookie saves the user's assignment to one of these servers. Type 2 cookiePolicy This cookie indicates that you agree to the use of cookies on our sites. It is initiated when you close the window informing about the use of cookies. Type 2 model This cookie saves the car model you recently viewed. Thanks to this, during your next visit, we can show you content tailored to the model, according to your interests. Type 2 ShopStartLinkOutlet * This cookie defines the landing page that is available under the Start link. Type 2 lastCCBmCode sr_ccci sr_ccci_model These cookies contain information about which Mercedes-Benz passenger car model was last set up in the configurator by a given user. This data is presented on information pages for a given model and allows you to continue configuration at a later time. Type 2 sr_voc sr_voc_model These cookies contain information about which Mercedes-Benz van model was last assembled in the configurator by a given user. This data is presented on information pages for a given model and allows you to continue configuration at a later time. Type 2 unit Our website contains information on all Mercedes-Benz products and services. This cookie saves the section you recently visited. Using this information, during your next visit we can lead you directly to the product pages that interest you. Type 2 daimler-bfs.persistentSearch This cookie stores the parameters you have entered for new / used vehicles. Without this cookie, the search parameters are not saved and must be re-entered the next time you start the search engine. Type 2 daimler-bfs.recentlyViewedVehicles This cookie stores the vehicles you have viewed in the new / used vehicle search engine. Without this cookie, you cannot return to vehicles previously viewed. Type 2 daimler-bfs.vehicleComparison This cookie stores vehicles for comparison, selected by you in the new / used vehicle search engine. Without this cookie, you cannot compare several vehicles. Type 2 HighBandwidth These cookies contain information about which version of Adobe Flash Player is installed on the end device and what bandwidth is available. Thanks to this, we can offer multimedia content tailored to your individual system requirements and avoid long loading times. Type 3 _lgin lastUrl s_ * s_cc s_cpc s_evar_34 s_evar_35 s_fid s_getval_2 s_ria s_sq s_sv_sid s_vi s_invisit s_nr s_vnum amcv_ ADRUM gapv_c62 s_ppv / s_ppvi this site help us write this information website according to the interests of users. Type 3 psyma_participation To improve our website, we regularly conduct online surveys regarding the quality of our pages and our information offer. This cookie shows whether the user has accepted or declined the invitation to complete the survey. Type 3 s_cc This cookie shows that cookies are enabled in your browser. Type 3 session This cookie prevents the welcome sequence from re-appearing on our start page. Type 3 s_campaign s_var_1 When you visit a website, it saves the csref campaign parameter to avoid double counting. Type 3 omniture_optout These cookies record information about whether user behavior analysis is allowed. Type 4 flashtalkingad1 Preferences related to products and services are recorded in cookies. Thanks to this, through the websites of our retargeting partners, we can provide the user with information possibly consistent with his interests. Type 3 bookmark_ [MD5] This cookie stores page calls, selected used and new cars, and Mercedes-Benz dealers so that you can re-create these items when you visit the page again. Type 1 cmdp_lang These cookies save the country and language combination of your choice to display websites in the correct language. Type 1 cmdp_redirect This cookie permanently saves the choice of the country of the USA to redirect you directly to the US page when you call again. Type 1 FITSID This cookie identifies the user in anonymized form. It contains information about its personal settings on the website (language, search criteria, configured model, etc.) and saves specific interactions to ensure smooth transitions back and forth between individual pages. Type 1 cmdp_address cmdp_dealer cmdp_name haendler [OUTLET_ID] meinhaendler These cookies store the address, name and internal identification number of the dealer chosen by the user. Type 1 mbot_cc_ [CARCODE] These cookies contain information about which Mercedes-Benz passenger car model was last assembled in the configurator by a given user. This data is presented on information pages for a given model and allows you to continue configuration at a later time. Type 1 cmdp_category mbp_category mbt_category Our website contains information about all Mercedes-Benz products and services. This cookie saves the section you recently visited. Using this information, during your next visit we can lead you directly to the product pages that interest you. Type 1 mbp_ncs_pkw mbp_ncs_trans mbp_ncs_vans mbp_ucs_pkw mbp_ucs_trans mbp_ucs_vans In our vehicle search engines you can save vehicles and then recall them. These cookies store information relevant to this purpose. Type 1 comparetool To explain the comparison function in our car configurator, the help tooltip is shown the first time you use this function. This cookie prevents this help tooltip from re-appearing. Type 2 cookiePolicy This cookie indicates that you agree to the use of cookies on our sites. It is initiated when you close the window informing about the use of cookies. Type 2 facdd facdl facdo facdone facdp facps These cookies store information about the properties and functions of the terminal device used to ensure optimal presentation of the Mercedes-Benz website. Type 2 searchcookie This cookie saves the last search to display the last searched keywords when the search mask is called again. Type 2 2. Analysis of usage data; The use of analytical tools a. We want to adapt the content of our websites as precisely as possible to your interests, thus optimizing our offer. To define your usage preferences and particularly popular areas of our websites, we use the following analytical tool (s): Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics. b. When using these analytical tools, data may be transferred to servers located in the USA where they are processed. Please note the following: From the European Union's point of view, there is no "adequate level of protection" in the US for the processing of personal data that would comply with EU standards. This level of security can, however, be replaced for individual enterprises by certification in accordance with the so-called "U.S.-EU. Privacy Shield. " c. If you do not want us to collect and analyze information about your visit to our websites using the analytical tools mentioned above, you can object to this at any time with future effect (opt-out). We implement your objection by placing an opt-out cookie in your browser. This cookie is only used to assign your objection. Please note that for technical reasons the opt-out cookie only works in the browser in which it was inserted. If you delete cookies or use a different browser or terminal device, you must opt-out again. d. Below is information on the providers of the analytical tools we use and the option to opt-out each time: I. Google Inc. ("Google"): Google is EU-U.S certified. Privacy Shield. You can block the transfer of your data and its collection and processing by Google. Relevant information in this regard Google provides under the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en II. Adobe Systems Inc. ("Adobe") Adobe is EU-U.S certified. Privacy Shield. To object to the analysis by Adobe Analytics, please follow the information provided in the link below: http://www.adobe.com/pl/privacy/opt-out.html