Who we are | FSC | Franchising Service Company DEALER LOCATOR RESTRICTED AREA Home About us Network BestDrive Pneus Expert FSC Network Services Our partners Fleets How to affiliate Contacts News About us Franchising Service Company is the company of the Continental Group that offers excellent franchising services to tire retailers: our the aim is to create value for the professional tire customer, offering support to the entire value chain in interpreting the market and directing their choices for a complete 360 ​​° business that is sustainable in the medium-long term. F.S.C. it was the first Italian company to develop a franchised tire sales network. Our network is wide and widespread throughout Italy: more than 1,000 affiliates in the area, distributed homogeneously and widespread on the basis of studied geo-marketing criteria. The capillarity of the stores and the proven experience of the retailers who manage them are a guarantee of quality and ensure high levels of customer satisfaction. The completeness of the offer of accurate and adequate services to the most varied needs and the continuous innovative drive that characterize the F.S.C. frachising programs have allowed us to obtain excellent results. Selected according to specific criteria, affiliated retailers are constantly trained by ContiAcademy professionals through different training courses. Thanks to major IT investments, F.S.C. it is equipped with a cutting-edge IT architecture, aimed at guaranteeing and certifying the exchange of data between its dealers and fleets. This architecture, based on a web service and dedicated portal, guarantees service continuity and interoperability with different IT systems. It is based on a deep experience and knowledge of the sector, making available all the specific functions with a simple and effective interface both for the user and for the connection to the client company's IT system. Privacy Policy - Cookie Policy - Legal & Data Protection - Imprint - Credits Macro Web Media © 2020 Franchising Service Company S.P.A. Via Giovanni Gioacchino Winckelmann, 1, 20146 Milan P.IVA 11972810151 × Dealer Locator Find the nearest dealer This site uses cookies that are necessary for the operation and useful for the purposes described in the cookie policy. If you want to learn more or opt out of all or some cookies, consult the COOKIE POLICY. By closing this banner, scrolling this page, clicking on a link or continuing navigation you consent to the use of cookies. Ok I agree COOKIE POLICY