News | FSC | Franchising Service Company DEALER LOCATOR RESTRICTED AREA Home About us Network BestDrive Pneus Expert FSC Network Services Our partners Fleets How to join Contacts News News 12 Aug Continental will build in Germany a new research center for natural rubber from Dandelion The "Taraxagum Lab Anklam "will lead to the industrialization of dandelion cultivation and the treatment for the production of tires Continental will invest 35 million euros in Anklam (Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania) by 2021 The project is part of" Vision 2025 ", umbrella of the Division's strategy Tires Hannover / Milan - Continental intends to expand its "Taraxagum [...] Read 27 Jul Continental presents a wide range of solutions for the workshops of the future Automechanika 2016 - Forum, Stand A03 / 05 Preview: brake discs for premium cars and medium-sized for the aftermarket market Customer Service: advantages and applications of remote diagnostics New tire technologies: ContiSeal and ContiSilent for safer and more comfortable mobility New materials: natural rubber based on dandelions for […] Read 15 Jul Continental's success at the Europeans Milan - Continental wins at the Europeans and makes consumers and retailers win . The “Road to France” promotion ended successfully, which rewarded ten lucky winners, Continental guests in Paris and present at the final between France and Portugal. The 85 Continental customers were also awarded, who were also able to attend the Italy matches - […] Read 22 Jun This summer don't stay on foot. The Continental Automotive tire repair kit from Continental Automotive presents ContiMobilityKit which offers the possibility to continue traveling after the puncture repair for another 200 km Excellent sealing action Continental is a leading supplier of original equipment for Tire Mobility Kits in Europe Cinisello Balsamo (MI) - July, time of summer departures in which millions of Italians take to the road […] Read 22 Jun Continental's MK C1 braking system debuts in series on the new Alfa Romeo Giulia MK C1 is a high-performance braking system high efficiency and comfort: more dynamic, lighter and with shorter braking distances than traditional braking systems. Cinisello Balsamo (MI) - Braking faster and in less space: Continental, a leading international company in the automotive industry, announces the introduction of MK C1, the integrated brake system (IBS - […] Read 20 Jun From the high-performance center technology in Korbach the first tire comes out Opening ceremony for the start of production of HPTC Nikolai Setzer, Head of the Tire Division: "HPTC underlines our close focus on technology and the commitment to its further development" Continental has invested € 45 million in the new high-tech Korbach plant - Production of the High Performance Technology Center (HPTC) officially begins today, the brand new plant […] Read 31 May Continental brings its technological contribution to the debate of Autopromotec Conference - States General 2016 Milan , May 31, 2016. Two days of meetings and debates on the present and future of Automotive equipment and aftermarket. Autopromotec Conference - General States 2016 scheduled from 9 to 10 June 2016, at the Opificio Golinelli in Bologna, presents itself as a central moment of discussion on a strategic sector for the automotive industry. The Continental Group will bring its [...] Read 24 May Continental wins the INNOVATIONS Automotive Award for 2016 Continental's instrumental position "V2X Communication" and "Display with tactile feedback" are awarded for the Interface and Connectivity category. The Group's innovative capacity was also rewarded. Cinisello Balsamo (MI), 24 May 2016. Continental wins the 2016 Automotive INNOVATIONS Award in the Interface and Connectivity category. The award - promoted by the CAM (Center of Automotive […] Read 23 May New web platform for FSC - Franchising Service Company The Italian company of the Continental Group with the mission of supporting tire franchise networks renews its web platform: mobile, services and recognition for Resellers Milan, 23 May 2016 - Franchising Service Company, a subsidiary of the Continental Group, continues to renew its corporate image and increase its number […] Read 09 May 11 and 12 May at Autodromo di Monza Continental will participate in Company Car Drive 2016 Continental will participate in Company Car Drive 2016, a reference event in our country for those who deal with company fleets which will take place on 11 and 12 May at the Autodromo di Monza. "Continental offers a wide range of products and services - emphasizes Alessandro De Martino, CEO of Continental Italia - to fleet m anager who is […] Read 1 2 3 Privacy Policy - Cookie Policy - Legal & Data Protection - Imprint - Credits Macro Web Media © 2020 Franchising Service Company S.P.A. Via Giovanni Gioacchino Winckelmann, 1, 20146 Milan P.IVA 11972810151 × Dealer Locator Find the nearest dealer This site uses cookies that are necessary for the operation and useful for the purposes described in the cookie policy. If you want to learn more or opt out of all or some cookies, consult the COOKIE POLICY. By closing this banner, scrolling this page, clicking on a link or continuing navigation you consent to the use of cookies. Ok I agree COOKIE POLICY