FSC Network | FSC | Franchising Service Company DEALER LOCATOR RESTRICTED AREA Home About us Network BestDrive Pneus Expert FSC Network Services Our partners Fleets How to join Contacts FSC Network News A LARGE NETWORK TO BE EVEN BIGGER For over 20 years we have been the ideal partner for the professional who wants to consolidate the business in the area, strengthening its skills and the relationship of trust with the customer. Becoming an active and integral part of FSC Network, and therefore of the Continental Group, means generating traffic at the Point of Sale and diversifying the business. But above all it means increasing your strength in the area, thanks to a specific brand sponsor in your reference commercial area. With our network, you and only you can market one of our brands. This is the strength of our FSC Network affiliates. For over 20 years we have been the ideal partner for the professional who wants to consolidate the business in the area, strengthening their skills and the relationship of trust with the customer. Becoming an active and integral part of FSC Network, and therefore of the Continental Group, means generating traffic at the Point of Sale and diversifying the business. With our network, a synthesis of the collaboration between Continental Italy and Distribution, you and only you can market one of our brands. This is the strength of our FSC Network affiliates. Discover the contents of the Privacy Policy - Cookie Policy - Legal & Data Protection - Imprint - Credits Macro Web Media © 2020 Franchising Service Company S.P.A. Via Giovanni Gioacchino Winckelmann, 1, 20146 Milan P.IVA 11972810151 × Dealer Locator Find the nearest dealer This site uses cookies that are necessary for the operation and useful for the purposes described in the cookie policy. If you want to learn more or opt out of all or some cookies, consult the COOKIE POLICY. By closing this banner, scrolling this page, clicking on a link or continuing navigation you consent to the use of cookies. Ok I agree COOKIE POLICY