Contacts | FSC | Franchising Service Company DEALER LOCATOR RESTRICTED AREA Home About us Network BestDrive Pneus Expert FSC Network Services Our partners Fleets How to affiliate Contacts News Contacts Franchising Service Company S.p.A. Continental Group Company Registered Office: Via Giovanni Gioacchino Winckelmann, 1, 20146 Milan Operating Office: Via Giovanni Gioacchino Winckelmann, 1, 20146 Milan Cod. Fisc / VAT 11972810151 - R.E.A. of Milan No. 1513497 Share Capital € 104,000.00 Subject to the Management and Coordination of Continental Italia S.p.A. Tel. 02 42410555 Administration and Web Authorizations info@fsc.it Marketing and Sales fscfleetbackoffice@fsc.it INFORMATION ON THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA The undersigned, by sending the data voluntarily provided herein, gives his express and informed consent to the processing of the own Personal Data for the purposes of commercial contact referred to in the information (Read the privacy policy) that I declare to have read and understood. This transfer is necessary to allow FSC to contact you, any refusal will result in the inability to illustrate the characteristics of the affiliation. I consent * For the purpose of sending commercial and promotional communications of the Owner's services and for sending informative messages relating to his activity, pursuant to GDPR, the Privacy Code, the Guidelines on promotional activities and fight against spam issued by the Privacy Guarantor, as far as compatible with the former, as well as in compliance with further EU and national legislation. Give consent Deny consent For the purposes of communicating your (and the companies you represent) personal data to the commercial partners of the Data Controller for marketing purposes (direct: which includes, in general, any information or promotional communication directly addressed to the consumer through marketing operations, commercial or advertising communications, direct sales, market surveys and surveys [also through surveys aimed at obtaining customer comments and suggestions on the services provided] by e-mail, telephone, sms, mms, chat, social networks and ordinary mail, including the sending of promotional material on the owner's products, services and promotions; as well as indirect: which includes, in general, any informative or promotional communication indirectly addressed to the consumer through intermediaries, through marketing operations, commercial or advertising communications, direct sales, market surveys o and surveys [also through surveys aimed at obtaining customer comments and suggestions on the services provided] by e-mail, telephone, sms, mms, chat, social networks and ordinary mail, including the sending of promotional material on products, services and promotions of the Owner, carried out by the latter on their products and / or services). It should be noted that providing the data for the marketing purposes (direct and / or indirect) specified above is optional and the refusal will not affect your visit, the execution of the contractual relationship or the use of the services offered. Give consent Deny consent Privacy Policy - Cookie Policy - Legal & Data Protection - Imprint - Credits Macro Web Media © 2020 Franchising Service Company S.P.A. Via Giovanni Gioacchino Winckelmann, 1, 20146 Milan P.IVA 11972810151 × Dealer Locator Find the nearest dealer This site uses cookies that are necessary for the operation and useful for the purposes described in the cookie policy. If you want to learn more or opt out of all or some cookies, consult the COOKIE POLICY. By closing this banner, scrolling this page, clicking on a link or continuing navigation you consent to the use of cookies. Ok I agree COOKIE POLICY