Our partners | FSC | Franchising Service Company DEALER LOCATOR RESTRICTED AREA Home About us Network BestDrive Pneus Expert FSC Network Services Our partners Fleets How to become an affiliate Contacts News Our partners + AGOS DUCATO AGOS Agos is a leading financial company in the family credit sector, specialized in targeted financing, personal credit card loans and leasing. Present on the Italian market since 1987, thanks to a widespread presence throughout the national territory, it guarantees timely assistance and offers complete packages of products and services able to meet the needs of partner companies and end customers. Short response times, effectiveness in solving problems, particular attention to customer care, are the strengths of the financial company. Thanks to cutting-edge technology, capable of managing over four and a half million operations annually, Agos guarantees total transaction coverage, 365 days a year, 24 hours a day. Best financial certificate for the year 2015 by German Institute of Quality and Finance, Agos has been named leader in terms of service quality. http://www.agosducato.it + ATE ATE ATE's product range includes quality components, especially as regards brake wear parts and hydraulic components, including brake pads and discs, wheel cylinders and brake pumps , brake boosters, hoses and brake fluids. A wide range of equipment, testers and diagnostics completes the range. Maximum quality and innovative technologies: in ATE the centennial experience of the company of the founder Alfred Teves marries the efficiency of a strong industrial reality, the Continental Group. www.ate-freni.it + BETA BETA Beta Utensili is a leader in the field of production and sale of professional tools. Accuracy, precision, rigor, quality, courage, style, consistency, innovation. To shape an idea, take care of it until its final realization and then further improve its result, Beta undertakes daily, both internally and confronting the end user, in the search for the best materials, in the conception and development of its own products. Strict controls on the final product ensure its invariable quality. www.beta-tools.it + MONDOLFO FERRO MONDOLFO FERRO World leader in the auto equipment sector specialized in the production of tire changers, wheel balancers, lifting bridges, wheel aligners, brake and suspension test benches and exhaust gas analyzers. www.mondolfoferro.it + VDO VDO International leader in electronics and automotive mechatronics. VDO, a brand of the Continental Group, develops intelligent technologies for the transport of people and things, as a reliable supplier in the automotive sector at a global level. www.vdo.it + WÜRTH WÜRTH The Wuerth Group is a world leader in the distribution of products and systems for fixing and assembly with over 100,000 products in the range including small metal and plastic parts, hand tools, electric and pneumatic, chemicals, safety clothing and equipment, storage systems and workshop equipment. To date, more than 3.0 million customers in the automotive, craft, construction and industry sectors believe in Wuerth and in the quality of its services. www.wuerth.it Privacy Policy - Cookie Policy - Legal & Data Protection - Imprint - Credits Macro Web Media © 2020 Franchising Service Company S.P.A. Via Giovanni Gioacchino Winckelmann, 1, 20146 Milan P.IVA 11972810151 × Dealer Locator Find the nearest dealer This site uses cookies that are necessary for the operation and useful for the purposes described in the cookie policy. If you want to learn more or opt out of all or some cookies, consult the COOKIE POLICY. By closing this banner, scrolling this page, clicking on a link or continuing navigation you consent to the use of cookies. Ok I agree COOKIE POLICY