Blacktire Blog - News and updates on the Blacktire workshop network and the automotive world Skip to content Menu News Additives, how to identify which gasoline or diesel is best for our vehicle In Spain, less than a dozen refineries generate all diesel fuel and gasoline for the entire supply of gas stations in the country, and in all of them, the treatment is practically the same. This means that, initially, the fuels are very similar in origin. Where is the difference Read More Spark plugs, that small element that does such great things Spark plugs are a simple, small and cheap element that, however, determines and conditions many things in the life of our car, on its long-term health and on its performance throughout its life. That is why it is essential to pay attention to them, be attentive to them and take into account Read More About the management of our vehicle The management system of a tourism is as essential as it is complex. Essential because it is the one that allows us to mark the orientation of the wheels in the circulation with our vehicle, and complex because there are many elements that have an impact on its operation, especially on its proper functioning. As basic concepts, we can summarize that Read More A pre-ITV to avoid last minute problems The current regulations establish the obligation to submit to the reviews of the Technical Inspection of ITV Vehicles, a requirement that aims to sustain the Spanish mobile fleet in the best possible security levels. In this way, all vehicles over four years old must undergo this test every two years, while Read More The basics and essentials of your car Our vehicles leave the factory practically equipped with the essential elements for their perfect driving and operation, all of them equipped with the security measures considered today basic. In addition, practically all of them have the essential elements such as the anti-puncture kit, the reflective vest and the safety triangle. In addition to aesthetic elements such as mats. Read More 1 2 3… 6 Next »Recent entries Additives, how to identify which gasoline or diesel is best for our vehicle Spark plugs, that small element that does such great things About the direction of our vehicle A pre-ITV to avoid last-minute problems Time The basics and essentials of your car Archives April 2020 February 2020 January 2020 December 2019 November 2019 October 2019 September 2019 August 2019 July 2019 June 2019 May 2019 April 2019 March 2019 February 2019 January 2019 Categories Advice General Directorate of Traffic Documentation Tires 4 × 4 Car Tires Van Tires Motorcycle Tires News Social responsibility and commitment © 2020 Blacktire Blog | Privacy policy | Legal notice | Cookies policy We use cookies to ensure that we give the best user experience on our website. Your continued use of this site assume that you agree to AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy