Imprint | arco-trailer Menu Home About us Facts and data Our team Services Rental Accessories Service and workshop Tips Trailer Sailboat Motorboat Winter storage trailer Canoes and rowing boats Custom-made used motorhomes Alcove Semi-integrated camper van Our current gallery Contact Imprint Information in accordance with § 5 TMG Arco-Trailer GmbH Kallinchener Str 3 15749 Mittenwalde (OT Gallun) Commercial Register: HRB 9513 CB Register Court: District Court Cottbus Represented by the Managing Directors: Nicole Rieck Remo Naujock Contact: Telephone: 033764 8840 Fax: 033764 88414 E-Mail: info@arco-trailer.de VAT identification number according to §27 a sales tax law: DE136701351 Information on professional liability insurance Name and registered office of the insurer: Allianz Königinstrasse 28, 80802 Munich Area of ​​validity of the insurance: Germany Responsible for the content according to § 55 Abs. 2 RStV Arco-Trailer GmbH Kallinchener Str. 3 15749 Mittenwalde Dispute Resolution DieEuropean Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (OS): https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr. You can find our email address in the imprint above. We are not willing or obliged to participate in dispute resolution proceedings before a consumer arbitration board. Disclaimer: Liability for content As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages in accordance with Section 7 (1) of the German Telemedia Act. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, we as a service provider are not obliged to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the time we become aware of a specific legal violation. As soon as we become aware of such violations, we will remove this content immediately. Liability for links Our offer contains links to external third-party websites, the content of which we have no influence on. For this reason, we cannot accept any liability for this external content. The respective provider or operator is always responsible for the content of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time the link was created. No illegal content was discernible at the time the link was created. A permanent control of the content of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of an infringement. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately. Copyright The content and works on these pages created by the site operator are subject to German copyright law. The duplication, processing, distribution and any kind of use beyond the limits of copyright law require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of this page are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. As far as the content on this page was not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are observed. In particular contents of third parties are marked as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, please let us know. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such content immediately. Web design: www.4selected.de Sources for the images and graphics used: © farelka - stock.adobe.com We represent Knott for the new federal states and Berlin. We are Carado dealers. We sell Stema trailers. News Facebook Arco-Trailer GmbH Headquarters boat trailer production Service, spare parts, workshop Kallinchener Strasse 3 15749 Mittenwalde (OT Gallun) Business hours Mon.-Fri. 8:00 am to 5:00 pm Saturday (March – October) 9:00 am to 12:00 noon and by appointment Telephone: 033 764 8840 Fax: 033 764 88414 E-Mail: info@arco-trailer.de Home About us Services Boat trailers Motorhomes Tips Special designs Accessories Service / workshop Gallery Contact and directions Imprint Data protection Arco-Trailer GmbH Exhibition area RV and trailer Storkower Straße 3 15749 Mittenwalde (OT Gallun) Business hours Exhibition area Mon.-Fri. 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sat 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. and by appointment Phone: 033 764 88 420 Mobile: 0151 57562313 This website uses cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. I agree.