Service and workshop | arco-trailer Menu Home About us Facts and data Our team Services Rental Accessories Service and workshop Tips Trailer Sailboat Motorboat Winter storage trailer Canoes and rowing boats Custom-made used motorhomes Alcove Semi-integrated camper van Our current gallery Contact Workshop for motorhomes and trailers in Berlin and Brandenburg We manufacture boat trailers as well as boat trailer parts and accessories on request and made to measure. In our workshop, all types of car trailers, whether boat, transport or horse trailers, as well as caravans are repaired and serviced. All maintenance work and repairs on your trailer are carried out by us carefully, as quickly as possible and professionally. We make your trailer suitable for TÜV again! TÜV approval is carried out once a week in our house after prior agreement. Services Service for everything related to caravans and motorhomes Guarantee services for Carado motorhomes and caravans Leakage test / moisture measurements Gas test according to G607 for caravans and motorhomes. B. Reversing cameras, awnings, solar etc. Sale of camping accessories and spare parts Free pick-up and delivery service from Bestensee train station (by prior arrangement) Financing through our house bank Everything to do with the trailer repairs and TÜV for trailers Large stock of car trailer spare parts repair of car trailer axles Factory sales in the Kallinchener Straße during our business hours Daily delivery (Monday to Friday) of accessories and spare parts Special brake test bench also for tandem trailers Sale BOAT TRAILERS MOTORHOMES SPECIAL PRODUCTS We represent the company Knott for the new federal states and Berlin. We are Carado dealers. We sell Stema trailers. Test base for car trailers. News Facebook Arco-Trailer GmbH Headquarters boat trailer production Service, spare parts, workshop Kallinchener Strasse 3 15749 Mittenwalde (OT Gallun) Business hours Mon.-Fri. 8:00 am to 5:00 pm Saturday (March – October) 9:00 am to 12:00 noon and by appointment Telephone: 033 764 8840 Fax: 033 764 88414 E-Mail: info@arco-trailer.de Home About us Services Boat trailers Motorhomes Tips Special designs Accessories Service / workshop Gallery Contact and directions Imprint Data protection Arco-Trailer GmbH Exhibition area RV and trailer Storkower Straße 3 15749 Mittenwalde (OT Gallun) Business hours Exhibition area Mon.-Fri. 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sat 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. and by appointment Phone: 033 764 88 420 Mobile: 0151 57562313 This website uses cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. I agree.