Tips | arco-trailer Menu Home About us Facts and data Our team Services Rental Accessories Service and workshop Tips Trailer Sailboat Motorboat Winter storage trailer Canoes and rowing boats Custom-made used motorhomes Alcove Semi-integrated integrated camper van Our current gallery Contact Tips Not only for boat trailers ... A serviced trailer is not only usable for longer, it is more stable and achieves a higher price when resold! Arco-Trailer offers you a detailed spring check at favorable conditions. You can also get TÜV preliminary examinations, repairs and spare parts from Arco-Trailer. Call us ... Important rules for trailers and trailers General Please note when loading the trailer that the gross vehicle weight is not exceeded. Overloading and thus overloading the chassis components is not permitted. The main weight should lie directly on the axis. Note the drawbar load. With the help of two exterior mirrors, the road must be easy to see backwards. Remember, the jockey wheel must be turned up to the lock and then pulled up. It should always be parallel to the direction of travel. Secure the load against slipping. There must be no people on the trailer while driving. Make sure the lighting is clean and functional. Make sure that the light holder is correctly attached and secured. Do not cover the lighting of your trailer! Secure your trailer against rolling away when parking. Secure your trailer against theft. When driving, think about the maximum speed for teams. Remember that a trailer can get off track in cross winds. Adjust your speed to the weather conditions. Regularly check the air pressure and the tightness of the wheel nuts. Have your trailer serviced regularly. Back to beginning TÜV and workshop for trailers and trailers Regularly visit a specialist workshop with your trailer to have any errors rectified as quickly as possible. Have the frame, brakes, suspension and lights checked regularly. In the event of damage, please not only visit a specialist workshop for the required TÜV tests. The risk of a trailer unsafe to drive is disproportionately higher than that of a workshop-tested trailer. And remember: A serviced trailer is not only usable for longer, it is more stable and achieves a higher price when resold! Arco-Trailer offers you a detailed spring check at favorable conditions. You can also get TÜV preliminary examinations, repairs and spare parts from Arco-Trailer. Call us ... Tel .: + 49/03 37 64/88 40 or Fax: + 49/03 37 64/8 84 14 E-Mail: info@arco-trailer.de www.arco-trailer.de We strive to always update this page and keep it up to date. However, we assume no liability for the accuracy and timeliness of the information provided above. They are only intended to help the trailer and trailer users. If there are any tips missing or if the devil has crept in, please send us an email so that we can update the text. Axle The most commonly used axles for car trailers are rubber and torsion shear axles. They are generally maintenance-free (does not affect wheel bearings and brake systems). For torsion bar spring axles, the bearing of the oscillating shaft must be regreased every 5000 km or at least once a year with standard grease. Special axles with additional bearing points must also be relubricated accordingly. The load for car trailers According to § 42 STVZO the trailer load must not be higher than the permissible total weight of the towing vehicle. It is more important, however, that the trailer loads specified by the manufacturer in the vehicle documents are not exceeded. According to the Cologne Traffic Law Collection, the legislature means with § 42 STVZO the actual weight of the trailer and not the permissible total weight. Lighting system The lighting system must always be checked before starting the journey. Important for boat trailers: You should remove the light bar before each slip operation, otherwise the contacts will be damaged by oxidation! Contact assignment for trailers with 12 V lighting system with 7- or 13-pin connector. Pin no. DIN Kl. Connected consumers Cable color 1 L indicator left yellow 2 54g rear fog light blue 3 31 ground white 4 R indicator right green 5 58R tail light right brown 6 54 brake light red 7 58L tail light left black 8 reversing light gray 9 power supply (continuous plus) brown / blue 10 charging line + for battery brown / red 11 not yet allocated 12 not yet allocated 13 Ground for contacts 9-12 black / white For trailers with a 13-pin connector, the contact assignment is identical to the contacts of the 7-pin connector. In addition, terminal 8 (gray) can be assigned the reversing light (ZR), terminal 9 (brown / blue) with permanent plus (30) and terminal 13 (black / white) with an additional ground (31). Yellow side lights are mandatory for vehicles with a total length of 6.0 m or more. Vehicles with a width of more than 2.1 m must be equipped with position lights (§ 51b StVZO) Coupling height In order to guarantee the correct driving and braking behavior of the trailer, it is essential that the coupling heights of the towing vehicle and the trailer match. According to DIN 74058, the position of the coupling point on the trailer must be in the range 430 +/- 35 mm above the horizontal wheel contact area. To check the dome height, the trailer and the towing vehicle must be exactly horizontal and fully loaded to the permissible total weight. The tire pressure must also meet the manufacturer's specifications. Load securing The boat or the load must be securely lashed down before each journey. In the case of strong movements, the load on the trailer should not have any room to move. You are transporting a valuable item that can only survive the transport without damage if it is properly secured. Check the fit and tension of the safety devices when driving for a long time. Lashing straps have proven to be secure fastening material. Parking with trailers Always pull the handbrake lever fully when parking / parking, especially on the mountain. Secure the trailer additionally with wheel chocks. Please note that, on trailers with automatic reversing, the trailer can roll back a few meters despite the handbrake being applied. In the event of longer downtimes, especially in wet and cold weather, the trailer should only be secured with standard wheel chocks for cars / trailers - without engaging the handbrake. We recommend using wheel chocks even on unbraked trailers. Trailer brake The pads of the wheel brakes are generally wear parts. Therefore, the condition of the brake pads should be checked every 5000 km or at the latest after one year through the small inspection holes on the rear of the wheel brakes (for the exact maintenance intervals of the wheel brakes, please refer to the operating and maintenance instructions for your trailer). In any case, the wheel brakes must be adjusted by a specialist workshop and the brake shoes replaced if necessary. Wheel bearings Most modern wheel hubs are equipped with maintenance-free, double-row angular contact ball bearings. Nevertheless, the bearing play should be checked at intervals of approx. 3000 to 5000 km by checking whether the wheels have lateral play when the trailer is jacked up. Wheel hubs with simple ball or tapered roller bearings must be checked more often. If you feel play, the trailer should be checked by a specialist workshop. Wheel bolts / nuts After the first 50 km or 50 km after a wheel change, the wheel bolts / nuts must be checked for tightness and should be checked with a torque wrench. The wheel bolts / nuts are to be tightened crosswise. The tightening torques can be found in the operating instructions for your trailer. Cable winch When slipping boats or even pulling motor vehicles onto transport trailers, the cable winch is an almost indispensable aid. Nevertheless, it is often neglected. The wire rope in particular must be checked regularly. A split rope can not only cause injuries to the hands, it can tear when pulled up, the boat or the motor vehicle rolls back as a result and can be damaged in the process. Please note that the cable winch must not be used to secure loads! A separate lashing of the load is absolutely necessary. The winch's load pressure brake can become loose due to vibrations while driving. Not only the rope, but also the winch should be treated with care. It is advisable to regularly oil the bearing bushes of the drive shaft and the drum hub. The ring gear and the thread of the crank must always be greased. Observe the operating instructions of the winch manufacturer. Drawbar load The drawbar load is often disregarded and its impact is not understood. It is often the reason for the poor driving behavior of a team. The drawbar load of the trailer is the force with which the trailer coupling presses on the ball head of the trailer coupling of the towing vehicle. It should always be measured at the level of the coupling ball of the train car. The easiest way to do this is to use a bathroom scale. The minimum vertical load is 4% of the trailer load. The maximum value can be found on the one hand in the trailer's vehicle documents, on the other hand in the vehicle registration document of the towing vehicle or is also on the support load plates. The max. Drawbar load is the smallest of all. The correct vertical load is obtained by shifting the weight of the load on the trailer forwards or backwards (whereby the main load should always be above the axle). Another way to shift weight, e.g. B. with ARCO-TRAILER boat trailers, there is an axle shift. Wintering With longer parking, e.g. B. in winter, your trailer should be jacked up so that the wheels and axle are relieved (when jacking up, release the handbrake). Jacking up protects the axles, tires, bearings and suspension. At the same time, this is an effective theft protection. Drawbars / side members (frame) Damaged or deformed side members (frames), especially the drawbars, must be replaced immediately. These components may not be aligned for further use, nor may they be welded on afterwards. On certain types of chassis, the side members and drawbars are connected with special screws. At the regular maintenance intervals, all screw connections must be checked and retightened if necessary. We represent the Knott company for the new federal states and Berlin. We are Carado dealers. We sell Stema trailers. Test base for car trailers. News Facebook Arco-Trailer GmbH Headquarters boat trailer production Service, spare parts, workshop Kallinchener Strasse 3 15749 Mittenwalde (OT Gallun) Business hours Mon.-Fri. 8:00 am to 5:00 pm Saturday (March – October) 9:00 am to 12:00 noon and by appointment Telephone: 033 764 8840 Fax: 033 764 88414 E-Mail: info@arco-trailer.de Home About us Services Boat trailers Motorhomes Tips Special designs Accessories Service / workshop Gallery Contact and directions Imprint Data protection Arco-Trailer GmbH Exhibition area RV and trailer Storkower Straße 3 15749 Mittenwalde (OT Gallun) Business hours Exhibition area Mon.-Fri. 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sat 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. and by appointment Phone: 033 764 88 420 Mobile: 0151 57562313 This website uses cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. I agree.