Privacy Policy arco-trailer Menu Home About us Facts and data Our team Services Rental Accessories Service and workshop Tips Trailer Sailboat Motorboat Winter storage trailer Canoes and rowing boats Custom-made used motorhomes Alcove Semi-integrated integrated camper van Our current gallery Contact Data protection declaration 1. Data protection at a glance General information The following information give a simple overview of what happens to your personal data when you visit our website. Personal data is all data with which you can be personally identified. You can find detailed information on the subject of data protection in our data protection declaration below this text. Data collection on our website Who is responsible for data collection on this website? The data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. You can find their contact details in the imprint of this website. How do we collect your data? On the one hand, your data is collected by you communicating it to us. This can e.g. are data that you enter in a contact form. Our IT systems automatically collect other data when you visit the website. This is primarily technical data (e.g. internet browser, operating system or time of the page visit). This data is recorded automatically as soon as you enter our website. What do we use your data for? Part of the data is collected to ensure that the website is provided correctly. Other data can be used to analyze your user behavior. What rights do you have regarding your data? You have the right to receive information about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data at any time free of charge. You also have the right to request that this data be corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have further questions about data protection. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority. You also have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted in certain circumstances. You can find details on this in the data protection declaration under "Right to restriction of processing". Analysis tools and tools from third-party providers When you visit our website, your surfing behavior can be statistically evaluated. This happens primarily with cookies and with so-called analysis programs. Your surfing behavior is usually analyzed anonymously; the surfing behavior cannot be traced back to you. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. You can find detailed information on this in the following data protection declaration. You can object to this analysis. We will inform you about the possibilities of objection in this data protection declaration. 2. General information and mandatory information Data protection The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration. When you use this website, various personal data are collected. Personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. This data protection declaration explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this is done. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from third-party access. Note on the responsible body The responsible body for data processing on this website is: Arco-Trailer GmbH Kallinchener Str. 3 15749 Mittenwalde (OT Gallun) Phone: 033 764 8840 E-Mail: info@arco-trailer.de The responsible body is the natural or Legal person who, alone or together with others, decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names, email addresses, etc.). Revocation of your consent to data processing Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time. An informal notification by e-mail to us is sufficient. The legality of the data processing carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. Right to object to data collection in special cases and direct advertising (Art. 21 GDPR) if data processing is based on Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. e or f GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time for reasons that arise from your particular situation; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. The respective legal basis on which processing is based can be found in this data protection declaration. If you file an objection, we will no longer process your personal data concerned, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims ( Objection according to Art. 21 Para. 1 GDPR). If your personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling insofar as it is connected to such direct advertising. If you object, your personal data will then no longer be used for direct marketing purposes (objection under Art. 21 Para. 2 GDPR). Right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority In the event of violations of the GDPR, the data subject has the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of their habitual residence, their place of work or the place of the alleged violation. The right to lodge a complaint is without prejudice to other administrative or judicial remedies. Right to data portability You have the right to have data that we process automatically based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract handed over to you or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you request the direct transfer of the data to another person responsible, this will only take place if it is technically feasible. SSL or TLS encryption For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or inquiries that you send to us as the site operator, this site uses SSL or. TLS encryption. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from “http: //” to “https: //” and by the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data that you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties. Information, blocking, deletion and correction You have the right to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, the right to correction, blocking or deletion of this data. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint if you have any further questions about personal data. Right to restriction of processing You have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint. The right to restrict processing exists in the following cases: If you dispute the accuracy of your personal data stored with us, we usually need time to check this. For the duration of the examination, you have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted. If the processing of your personal data happened / happens illegally, you can request the restriction of the data processing instead of the deletion. If we no longer need your personal data, but you need it to exercise, defend or assert legal claims, you have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted instead of being deleted. If you have filed an objection in accordance with Art. 21 Para. 1 GDPR, you and our interests must be weighed up. As long as it is not clear whose interests outweigh the rights, you have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted. If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, this data - apart from its storage - may only be obtained with your consent or to assert, exercise or defend legal claims or to protect the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest the European Union or a Member State. Objection to advertising e-mails We hereby object to the use of contact data published within the scope of the imprint for sending unsolicited advertising and information material. The site operators expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event that unsolicited advertising information is sent, such as spam emails. 3. Data collection on our website Cookies Some of the websites use so-called cookies. Cookies do no damage to your computer and contain no viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective and safer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted. Cookies that are required to carry out the electronic communication process or to provide certain functions you require (e.g. shopping cart function) are set on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR saved. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. Insofar as other cookies (e.g. cookies for analyzing your surfing behavior) are stored, these are dealt with separately in this data protection declaration. Server log files The website provider automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are: Browser type and browser version Operating system used Referrer URL Host name of the accessing computer Time of the server request IP address A combination of this data with other data sources is not carried out. This data is recorded on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the technically error-free presentation and optimization of his website - the server log files must be recorded for this. Contact form If you send us inquiries using the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the inquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. We will not pass on this data without your consent. The processing of the data entered in the contact form takes place exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR). You can withdraw this consent at any time. An informal notification by e-mail to us is sufficient. The legality of the data processing operations carried out before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. The data you enter in the contact form will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory legal provisions - especially retention periods - remain unaffected. Inquiry by email, phone or fax If you contact us by email, phone or fax, your inquiry, including all personal data resulting from it (name, inquiry), will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We will not pass on this data without your consent. This data is processed on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR, if your request is related to the fulfillment of a contract or is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 a GDPR) and / or on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 Para. 1 letter f GDPR), since we have a legitimate interest in the effective Have the inquiries addressed to us. The data you send to us via contact requests will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory statutory provisions - especially statutory retention periods - remain unaffected. 4. Analysis tools and advertising Google Analytics This website uses functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The storage of Google Analytics cookies and the use of this analysis tool are based on Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both its website and its advertising. IP anonymization We have activated the IP anonymization function on this website. This means that your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area before it is transmitted to the USA. The full IP address will only be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services related to website activity and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. Browser plugin You can prevent cookies from being saved by making the appropriate settings in your browser software; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading the browser plug-in available under the following link and install: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. Objection to data collection You can prevent Google Analytics from collecting your data by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie is set that prevents the collection of your data on future visits to this website: Deactivate Google Analytics. You can find more information on the handling of user data at Google Analytics in Google's privacy policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de. Order processing We have concluded an order processing contract with Google and fully implement the strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using Google Analytics. Demographic characteristics in Google Analytics This website uses the "demographic characteristics" function of Google Analytics. This allows reports to be created that contain information about the age, gender and interests of the website visitors. This data comes from interest-based advertising from Google and visitor data from third-party providers. This data cannot be assigned to a specific person. You can deactivate this function at any time via the ad settings in your Google account or generally prohibit the collection of your data by Google Analytics as shown in the point “Objection to data collection”. Storage period Data stored at Google at user and event level, which are linked to cookies, user IDs (e.g. User ID) or advertising IDs (e.g. DoubleClick cookies, Android advertising ID), will be deleted after 14 months anonymized or deleted. For details, see the following link: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7667196?hl=de Google Analytics Remarketing Our websites use the functions of Google Analytics Remarketing in connection with the cross-device functions of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. This function enables the advertising target groups created with Google Analytics Remarketing to be linked to the cross-device functions of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. In this way, interest-related, personalized advertising messages that have been adapted to you depending on your previous usage and surfing behavior on one device (e.g. cell phone) can also be displayed on another of your devices (e.g. tablet or PC). If you have given your consent, Google will link your web and app browser history to your Google account for this purpose. In this way, the same personalized advertising messages can be displayed on any device on which you log in with your Google account. To support this function, Google Analytics records Google-authenticated IDs of users, which are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics data in order to define and create target groups for cross-device advertising. You can permanently object to cross-device remarketing / targeting by deactivating personalized advertising in your Google account; follow this link: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/. The summary of the data recorded in your Google account takes place exclusively on the basis of your consent, which you can give or revoke to Google (Art. 6 Para. 1 a GDPR). In the case of data collection processes that are not merged into your Google account (e.g. because you do not have a Google account or have objected to the merging), the collection of the data is based on Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The legitimate interest arises from the fact that the website operator has an interest in the anonymized analysis of website visitors for advertising purposes. Further information and the data protection regulations can be found in Google's data protection declaration at: https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=de. 5. Plugins and tools Google Web Fonts This page uses so-called web fonts provided by Google for the uniform display of fonts. When you call up a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache in order to display texts and fonts correctly. For this purpose, the browser you use must connect to the Google servers. This gives Google knowledge that our website has been accessed via your IP address. Google Web Fonts are used in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font will be used by your computer. Further information on Google Web Fonts can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google's privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de. Google reCAPTCHA We use “Google reCAPTCHA” (hereinafter “reCAPTCHA”) on our websites. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). ReCAPTCHA is intended to check whether the data entry on our websites (e.g. in a contact form) is carried out by a human or by an automated program. For this purpose, reCAPTCHA analyzes the behavior of the website visitor based on various characteristics. This analysis begins automatically as soon as the website visitor enters the website. For analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates various information (e.g. IP address, length of time the website visitor stays on the website or mouse movements made by the user). The data collected during the analysis are forwarded to Google. The reCAPTCHA analyzes run completely in the background. Website visitors are not advised that an analysis is taking place. Data processing is based on Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in protecting its website from abusive automated spying and SPAM. Further information on Google reCAPTCHA and Google's privacy policy can be found at the following links: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de and https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/android.html. 6. Our own services Applications We offer you the opportunity to apply to us (e.g. by email, post or via the online application form). In the following, we will inform you about the scope, purpose and use of your personal data collected during the application process. We assure that the collection, processing and use of your data takes place in accordance with applicable data protection law and all other legal provisions and that your data will be treated in strict confidence. Scope and purpose of data collection If you send us an application, we process your associated personal data (e.g. contact and communication data, application documents, notes in the context of job interviews etc.), insofar as this is necessary to decide on the establishment of an employment relationship is required. The legal basis for this is § 26 BDSG-new under German law (initiation of an employment relationship), Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR (general contract initiation) and - if you have given your consent - Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. The consent can be revoked at any time. Your personal data will only be passed on within our company to people who are involved in processing your application. If the application is successful, the data you submit will be processed on the basis of § 26 BDSG-new and Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR stored in our data processing systems for the purpose of carrying out the employment relationship. Retention period of the data If we cannot make you a job offer, reject a job offer, withdraw your application, revoke your consent to data processing or ask us to delete the data, the data transmitted by you, including any remaining physical application documents, will be for a maximum of 6 months after the application process has been completed, saved or retained (retention period) in order to be able to understand the details of the application process in the event of discrepancies (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR). THIS STORAGE CAN COUNTER, IF YOU HAVE LEGAL INTERESTS THAT OVER OUR INTERESTS. After the retention period has expired, the data will be deleted unless there is a statutory retention requirement or another legal reason for further storage. If it is evident that the storage of your data will be necessary after the retention period has expired (e.g. due to an impending or pending legal dispute), deletion will only take place when the data has become irrelevant. Other statutory retention requirements remain unaffected. We represent the Knott company for the new federal states and Berlin. We are Carado dealers. We sell Stema trailers. News Facebook Arco-Trailer GmbH Headquarters boat trailer production Service, spare parts, workshop Kallinchener Strasse 3 15749 Mittenwalde (OT Gallun) Business hours Mon.-Fri. 8:00 am to 5:00 pm Saturday (March – October) 9:00 am to 12:00 noon and by appointment Telephone: 033 764 8840 Fax: 033 764 88414 E-Mail: info@arco-trailer.de Home About us Services Boat trailers Motorhomes Tips Special designs Accessories Service / workshop Gallery Contact and directions Imprint Data protection Arco-Trailer GmbH Exhibition area RV and trailer Storkower Straße 3 15749 Mittenwalde (OT Gallun) Business hours Exhibition area Mon.-Fri. 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sat 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. and by appointment Phone: 033 764 88 420 Mobile: 0151 57562313 This website uses cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. I agree.