Canoes and row boats | arco-trailer Menu Home About us Facts and data Our team Services Rental Accessories Service and workshop Tips Trailer Sailboat Motorboat Winter storage trailer Canoes and rowing boats Custom-made used motorhomes Alcove Semi-integrated camper van Our current gallery Contact Boat trailer Trailer for canoes and rowing boats Production These trailers are specially made Made to customer requirements. Frame dimensions of up to 10 m are possible; they can be manufactured as single-axle trailers in unbraked or braked versions or as tandem trailers. The top parts made of welded square tube are hot-dip galvanized and covered with wear-resistant special rubber profiles. Standard equipment: hot-dip galvanized frame made of square and rectangular tube; Console pockets to hold the attachment parts; maintenance-free rubber spring axle with high internal damping; Independent wheel suspension; on track; maintenance-free, dirt and water protected wheel hubs; Ball coupling; with braked trailers overrun brake with automatic reversing; 12 volt lighting; Cables laid in the frame; Jockey wheel; TÜV approval and operating license. We would be happy to make you an individual offer based on your configuration and your wishes. We would be happy to make you an individual offer according to your configuration and wishes. Contact us. We represent the Knott company for the new federal states and Berlin. We are Carado dealers. We sell Stema trailers. Test base for car trailers. News Facebook Arco-Trailer GmbH Headquarters boat trailer production Service, spare parts, workshop Kallinchener Strasse 3 15749 Mittenwalde (OT Gallun) Business hours Mon.-Fri. 8:00 am to 5:00 pm Saturday (March – October) 9:00 am to 12:00 noon and by appointment Telephone: 033 764 8840 Fax: 033 764 88414 E-Mail: info@arco-trailer.de Home About us Services Boat trailers Motorhomes Tips Special designs Accessories Service / workshop Gallery Contact and directions Imprint Data protection Arco-Trailer GmbH Exhibition area RV and trailer Storkower Straße 3 15749 Mittenwalde (OT Gallun) Business hours Exhibition area Mon.-Fri. 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sat 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. and by appointment Phone: 033 764 88 420 Mobile: 0151 57562313 This website uses cookies. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies. I agree.