History - Sandonauto Home Services Truck and commercial vehicle workshop Pneus Venice Wash Car overhauls Groups Fridge Rental service Hertz rental service Alltrucks Crane checks Alltrucks Locations San Donà di Piave Portogruaro Mestre Malcontenta (Venice Wash) Noventa di Piave (Venice Wash) Villorba (Treviso) Blog History Contacts Search SandonautoA success story since 1978. Walter had immediately understood that that was his way. He had guessed it when he first set foot in a workshop in San Donà di Piave, just fourteen years old. In the following years his passion for mechanics pushed him to move further away from home. He was not yet eighteen years old, he was little more than a boy who woke up at dawn every morning, prepared his packed lunch and left for Marghera, in the province of Venice, where the workshop for which he worked was located. The first Sandonauto headquarters. Walter loved the workshop: it was because his father was a truck driver, it was that he always liked the smell of diesel, but Walter dreamed more, he wanted a place that was all his. Of course, he was good with engines, he could understand the problem immediately and solve it, but for him the fate had to be different. At 21, he already had the highest qualification as a mechanic: he had burned the stages in a short time and perhaps the beloved workshop in Marghera was starting to hold him tight. He certainly wanted more, but only there he felt comfortable. That was the job for him. How to do? For him, the workshop was like a home, a refuge. He felt exactly where he was supposed to be. It was 1978 when Walter's dream came true. Walter Rorato opened his first workshop in San Donà, thanks to the experience gained over the years in Marghera and confident in his entrepreneurial spirit, which had guided him until then and which had always suggested the right way forward. For him it wasn't just about fixing trucks: the work at Sandonauto was made of passion, enthusiasm and heart. It was made of 24-hour assistance, because for Walter it has always been essential to be able to guarantee its customers an excellent service, always present at all times of the week, for every need. A service that even today distinguishes Sandonauto and which has undoubtedly contributed to the growth of the company. Walter's dream didn't stop there: the workshop and the volume of business grew year after year. Iveco, a giant of commercial vehicles, in the 80s became a partner of Sandonauto, immediately recognizing in Walter Rorato a reliable entrepreneur, full of desire to grow: in the workshop only original pieces are used, he wants to make a difference in the service offered to the customer and always guarantee quality and assistance. Walter and his mechanics constantly follow Iveco training and refresher courses, to be always ready to receive news from the sector and to improve workshop service. Walter's children are ready to pick up the baton. The entry into play of new energetic and determined forces, together with many years of experience and impeccable quality of service, will lead to great results: in 2002 Sandonauto was elected by Iveco as the best workshop in the Italian sub-network. A milestone, that achieved by Walter and his staff, which rewards years of work and experience in the field. The Rorato family. In the center Walter, Federico on his right, Alessandro on the left. The desire to expand grows. In 2008 the big step, the opening of the new and larger Sandonauto headquarters, also in San Donà di Piave; the following year a second branch was opened in Portogruaro, in 2012 it was the turn of Mestre. After twenty-six years, the workshop is a reference point for the Northeast, a place where capacity, competence and quality are always available to the customer, where the difference is in the quality of the service offered. Sandonauto still has many goals ahead of him and, thanks to his passion, this story is destined to last for many more years. Three locations, over fifty employees, a family at the helm, many successful years behind you, but you will always see the same light in Walter Rorato's eyes as when he started. Contact us Do you have any questions? our team of experts will give you the answers you are looking for. For any need or curiosity about what we can do for you, fill out the form below or call us at (+39) 0421.330.780. We will reply as soon as possible. Name and Surname (necessary) Email (necessary) Message Via Majorana 12, 30027 San Donà di Piave (VE) | VAT 03124840277 | Tel. (+39) 0421.330.780 | info@sandonauto.it | © 2017 Sandonauto All rights reserved Credits: KF adv | Privacy Policy