Truck and commercial vehicle workshop - Sandonauto Home Services Truck and commercial vehicle workshop Pneus Venice Wash Car overhauls Groups Fridge Rental service Hertz rental service Alltrucks Alltrucks crane checks Locations San Donà di Piave Portogruaro Mestre Malcontenta (Venice Wash) Noventa di Piave (Venice Wash) Villorba (Treviso) Blog History Contacts Search Truck and commercial vehicle workshopThe heart of Sandonauto. Sandonauto is an official IVECO partner, it deals with assistance and maintenance for the entire range of industrial and commercial vehicles and has a large warehouse with original spare parts. Thanks to its specialized and always up-to-date mechanics, capable of carrying out all the necessary checks and repairs, Sandonauto always provides a professional and high quality service. Spare parts for industrial vehicles With 3 offices in the area -San Donà di Piave, Portogruaro and Mestre- and efficient warehouse management, the spare parts service is always available at any time. We only use original spare parts to guarantee our customers the highest quality.Vans, trucks and special vehicles overhauls Sandonauto is authorized by the bodies to inspect both vehicles with a laden mass of up to 35 quintals and those over 35 quintals. and maintenance Digital tachograph Sandonauto is authorized by the Ministry of Economic Development for technical interventions on digital tachographs (DM 10 August 2007). Alignment We offer a straightening service for the axles and frames of cars, trucks, buses and trailers, through the innovative system JOSAM truck aligner II. Authorized IVECON workshop In 2002 Iveco elected us "the best workshop in Italy in the subrete" thanks to the quality of the work carried out by the team of professional experts. A milestone that has shown us the excellent work done over the years, and has pushed us to keep the level of excellence to the maximum. In addition, we are partners with other leading brands: Iveco Bus, Fassi, Astra, Carrier and Magirus. Excellence and quality Sandonauto specializes in the maintenance and repair of commercial vehicles for light transport and in general for professional vehicles. We always respect the high quality standards required by the parent company of each vehicle. Be sure: all the spare parts we use are always original. But that's not all! We are also an authorized Knorr-bremse, Kassbohrer, SAF-Holland, Haldex and Wabco workshop for trailers and semi-trailers. Open all day 08.00 - 19.00 Contact us Do you have any questions? our team of experts will give you the answers you are looking for. For any need or curiosity about what we can do for you, fill out the form below or call us at (+39) 0421.330.780. We will reply as soon as possible. Name and Surname (necessary) Email (necessary) Message Via Majorana 12, 30027 San Donà di Piave (VE) | VAT 03124840277 | Tel. (+39) 0421.330.780 | info@sandonauto.it | © 2017 Sandonauto All rights reserved Credits: KF adv | Privacy Policy