Blog - Sandonauto Home Services Truck and commercial vehicle workshop Pneus Venice Wash Car overhauls Groups Fridge Rental service Hertz rental service Alltrucks Crane checks Alltrucks Locations San Donà di Piave Portogruaro Mestre Malcontenta (Venice Wash) Noventa di Piave (Venice Wash) Villorba (Treviso) Blog History Contacts Research The Sandonauto BlogNews from the world of industrial vehicles and more ... Interview on Noi & VoiOggi we talk about Sandonauto in NOI & VOI, house organ of the BCC Banca San Biagio of Eastern Veneto. Read more Sandonauto and Reyer: two winning teams New sponsorship in the world of sport, more precisely in Serie A basketball, with Reyer Venezia. Read more Transit bans for TIRs in July 2017 TIR transit bans July 2017: traffic bans outside the inhabited centers of trucks with a total mass greater than 7.5 tons. Read more The news comes from the main door, especially in Sandonauto. The new IVECO STRALIS NP, the first natural gas truck designed for long journeys, has arrived. Ideal for sustainable transport. Read more SATURDAY MAY 6 - DIGITAL TACHOGRAPH TRAINING COURSE Training course on the digital tachograph, according to the new Management Decree 215 of 12 December 2016. 8-hour course with simulator, final certificate NOMINATIVE with VALIDITY of 5 YEARS. Read more CHRONO-TACHOGRAPH: what changes with the new legislation The new legal provisions relating to the tachograph. Read more Best IVECO 2016 technical teamWe dedicate this award to our operational team of professionals who work every day with passion and dedication, and to our customers who allow us ... Read more We are looking for mechanics and mechatronicsWe are looking for mechanics and mechatronics to be included in our company. We are looking for people with experience, but first of all with good will, desire to do and learn. To send CV ... Read more New website onlineFrom today our new website www.sandonauto.it is ONLINE. A new design, more powerful, more appealing, more functional, to guide you with extreme simplicity in the world of professional services offered by our company ... Read more Contact usDo you have any questions? our team of experts will give you the answers you are looking for. For any need or curiosity about what we can do for you, fill out the form below or call us at (+39) 0421.330.780. We will reply as soon as possible. Name and Surname (necessary) Email (necessary) Message Via Majorana 12, 30027 San Donà di Piave (VE) | VAT 03124840277 | Tel. (+39) 0421.330.780 | info@sandonauto.it | © 2017 Sandonauto All rights reserved Credits: KF adv | Privacy Policy