Truck service centre. IVECO official partner - Sandonauto Home Services Truck and commercial vehicle service Pneus Venice Wash Car inspections and testing Refrigeration Units Hire service AllTrucks Service Cranes Checks AllTrucks Centres San Donà di Piave Portogruaro Mestre Villorba centre (Treviso) Noventa di Piave – Venice Wash Malcontenta – Venice Wash Blog Story Contacts Search We’re not mechanics by day and rock stars by night.We’re mechanics. Always.Our 24/7 roadside assistance service operates at night, all year round. We’re not mechanics on weekdays and chefs at the weekend.We’re mechanics. Always.Our 24/7 roadside assistance service operates even on Saturdays and Sundays, all year round. We’re not mechanics eight hours a day and boxers in our free time.We’re mechanics. Always.Our 24/7 roadside assistance service operates even when everyone else is on holiday. We’re mechanics.We’re mechanics for those who never want to feel alone behind the wheel, providing 24-hour assistance service, 7 days a week. With 3 service centres, 30 mechanics and 6 perfectly equipped breakdown trucks, we can reach you wherever and whenever you need us. Roadside assistance24-hour phone line, 7/7 0421.330.780Our servicesWe are a garage for those needing a full service. With a team of 55 staff, we provide maintenance, repairs, replacement parts, inspections, testing, corporate, commercial and industrial vehicle fleet assistance, tyre service and vehicle washing. The best of everything. For nearly forty years, we have been the benchmark service in the north-east for commercial and industrial vehicles, thanks to our professional, highly trained and fast-working team. Come and find us at one of our service centres. We’ll be ready for you. Any time. Cranes Checks Hire service Venice Wash Car inspections and testing Pneus Tyre Service Refrigeration Units Truck and commercial vehicle service centre Alltruck Service Contact usHave any questions? Our team of experts will be able to give you the answers you need. For any reason at all or curiosity about what we can do for you, fill out the following form or call us on (+39) 0421 330 780. We’ll get back to you as soon as possible. Name and Surname (mandatory) Email (mandatory) Messagge Via Majorana 12, 30027 San Donà di Piave (VE) | P.Iva 03124840277 | Tel. (+39) 0421.330.780 | info@sandonauto.it | © 2017 Sandonauto Tutti i diritti riservati | Credits: KF adv |  Privacy Policy