Financing - BoBo's Tires BoBo's Tires Book time HomeTires & rimsAbout usFinanceDeck HotelPayment toggle menu Choose booking method We offer our customers two ways to book. Choose the option that suits you best! Standard booking Choose Send a booking & price request via däckpartner.se. Time reservation Select Book time for tire change. Cancel Home Tires & rims About us Financing Deck hotel Other Part payment Purchase ready part payment Buy what you want - choose how you want to pay You know that you have the opportunity to split your payment when you shop with us? We offer you part payment in collaboration with Santander Consumer Bank. You choose your own payment option based on what suits you best; interest-free, lower monthly costs or a few months free of charge. A card with benefits When you apply for part payment, you also get a card with MasterCard link from Santander Consumer Bank, which is valid worldwide. You always bargain favorably with us with your card. You apply by filling in all the details in the application and choosing the part payment option. You will receive an answer immediately after the usual credit check. Your application is valid for one month, so when it suits you best you go to the store, shop what you want and finish your application - don't forget to bring your ID. Read more and apply here - conveniently and easily when it suits you! Purchase ready in short click on the link and apply go to the store, bring along the credentials finish the application in the store shop, take with you what you bought home directly you receive the card home in the mailbox Welcome! Contact & opening hours Mällsavägen 25 715 72, Stora Mellösa Show directions Phone 019-45 03 45 E-mail bobosdack@hotmail.com Website http://www.bobos.dackpartner.se Opening hours Monday 07:00 - 16:00 Tuesday 07: 00 - 16:00 Wednesday 07:00 - 16:00 Thursday 07:00 - 16:00 Friday 07:00 - 16:00 Saturday Closed Sunday Closed More information Welcome to your local authorized tire workshop in Östernärke! Call 019-45 03 45 Mail: bobosdack@hotmail.com Our services TPMS Tractor tire Car service Shock absorber Oil change Wheel settings Exhaust system Brakes Car accessories Battery Emergency tire service Replace your MC tires! Truck tires Personal car tires Deck hotel Book time We are part of Däckpartner - one of the Nordic region's largest players in tires and rims. Go to Däckpartner.se Follow Däckpartner on Facebook Visit the Facebook page Log in as administrator