BoBo's Tires - Tire workshop with tire hotel BoBo's Tires Book time HomeTires & rimsAbout usFinancingDeck hotelPayment toggle menu Choose booking method We offer our customers two ways to book. Choose the option that suits you best! Standard booking Choose Send a booking & price request via däckpartner.se. Time reservation Select Book time for tire change. Cancel Welcome to BoBo's Tires Home Tires & rims About us Financing Deck hotel Other Part payment Welcome to us at Bobo's Tires We can tire! We promise to do our best to provide you with a fast, accurate and personalized service. We have tires for truck, bus, tractor, passenger car and motorcycle, at our tire workshop you get what you need! We also carry out service work on passenger cars such as: oil change brakes shock absorber lamp change chamber belt diagnosis wheel alignment Welcome to us on BoBo's Tires, and we will help you! News News March 25, 2020 Extended tire period Important information for anyone driving with tire tires! 🚗 This year, the Swedish Transport Agency has extended the period for its use by another two weeks - thus it is legal to drive on double winter tires until the end of April this year, as against April 15 which is normal. But change well in advance so we avoid rushing at the end of the month. Read more here: https://bit.ly/2UfzeHm Read more News March 20, 2020 Important information about the Coronavirus The health of our customers and employees is important to us. At a time when we all need to take our responsibility, we have taken steps to minimize the risk of spreading the coronavirus (Covid-19). We want to give you as safe and secure a stay with us as possible and we are constantly monitoring developments. Our working methods are updated according to the recommendations of the authorities. To reduce the spread of the Corona virus (Covid-19), we recommend the workshops: If you belong to a risk group or for other reasons want to remain in the car at the wheel change, notify us during your visit. The card reader is cleaned regularly. We try to limit the number of customers in the customer reception. We clean door handles, checkout counters, furniture in customer reception on an ongoing basis. We ask all our customers to book their time online, by mail or phone. All customers with some kind of cold symptom are asked to re-book their time at a later date and of course cancellation is free of charge. Important information for anyone driving with a tire! This year, the Swedish Transport Agency has extended the period for its use by another two weeks - thus it is legal to drive on dubbed winter tires until last April this year, as against April 15 which is normal. But change well in advance so we avoid rushing at the end of the month. Read more News November 26, 2019 Tire partners opt out of Black Friday Black Week and Black Friday, as many are in search of good deals, seen as the starting shot for the Christmas trade. The Black Friday trend has also become popular in the tire industry, where increased activity to offer winter tires at discounted prices has increased in recent years. In the tire workshop chain Däckpartner, on the other hand, they opt out of participating in the trend as the company sees a risk that over time it can create a buying behavior that is negative for road safety. Instead of sales, Däckpartner does something completely different by paying attention to the organization's important work. Ever since Black Friday gained its foothold in Sweden in 2013, the phenomenon has grown in strength, and today also includes Black Weekend, Black Week and Black Weeks. The fact that companies offer sharply discounted prices can at first glance be seen as positive for all consumers, but in the tire industry, an annual sale at this time can create a behavior that will be negative for road safety. Tire Partner, one of Sweden's largest tire workshop chains, has therefore chosen not to sell their tires during Black Week and Black Friday. - Of course, it could have been beneficial and easy for us to pick up on the Black Friday trend that more and more colleagues in the tire industry are doing, but after seeing signs that this can in the long run create a dangerous buying behavior, we made a decision in 2018 to not having Black Friday offers, says Däckpartner's marketing manager Jon Persson. Tire partners have in recent years seen that many car owners wait too long to buy or change to winter tires, ever closer to December 1 when the winter tire types enter. Black Week and Black Friday occur at the end of November each year, a period in which there are also many winter road teams in large parts of the country. Driving with worn tires or summer tires on surfaces such as ice and snow can have serious consequences. - Safety and security are important issues for us at Tire Partners and it was natural to make the decision because we see what the consequences it can have. Not many people buy a new TV a few weeks before Black Friday without waiting. We do not want to be part of creating a similar behavior when it comes to winter tires that are so associated with human safety. Instead of filling their social channels with promotions and raffle prizes, Däckpartner 2018 chose to pay attention to the children's rights organization Bris, Children's Rights in Society, and their work to help children who are feeling poorly and poorly. - We donated a crown to Bris for each equal or split. which we got on our Facebook post about Bris and invited people to donate for themselves. When we then summed up had collected over SEK 10,000 for Bris important work. A grant that also supports their opportunities to be available to children and young people during Christmas. This year we are doing a similar activation in favor of Bris with the goal of hitting last year's figures, explains Jon Persson. - Every krona collected makes a difference for Bris and we are very happy that Däckpartner has chosen to support us. Their support contributes to our opportunities to remain open in the support business and to develop our work for vulnerable children, says Magnus Jägerskog, general secretary Bris. About Bris: Children's Rights In Society (Bris) is a party-political and religiously independent non-profit organization that aims to specifically help vulnerable children and young people and establish opportunities for children and young people to engage in dialogue with adults. The UN Convention on the Rights of the Child provides the basis for Bris work. Bris's operations are funded through gifts, membership fees and corporate sponsorship. About Black Friday: The day Black Friday took shape in the United States as the Christmas shopping start, which begins the day after Thanksgiving on the fourth Thursday in November. The day has been the beginning of the country's Christmas trade since 1952, but the term "Black Friday" came into being in the early 2000s. The black aims at sales figures going from red to black, ie from debt to profit. Some claim that the name originated from Philadelphia where it emerged to explain the huge traffic chaos created after Thanksgiving. Black Friday got its breakthrough in Sweden in 2013. Read more News October 15, 2019 How a children's book can counter mental ill-health Psychological ill-health among young people is widespread and many people lack someone to talk to. Therefore, Däckpartner wants to early support and encourage parents to spend more time with their children and at the same time inform about road safety for the future road users. This is done through a new children's book series created in favor of Bris. The revenue from the books goes in full to Bris important work. Mental illness is today the most common topic when children seek support from Bris. One conclusion is that more and more children feel that adults are not seeing, listening or able to support. Starting early reading in early years is a proven way to connect and create security between children and parents. Children not only get a richer vocabulary and develop their imagination, they also get to spend more time with their parent. For real. As one of Sweden's largest tire specialists, Tires partners want to playfully inform about tires, road safety and at the same time encourage parents to read more for their children. Tire partners want to make a difference for the well-being of children. A first children's book has already been printed in 12,000 copies and distributed to the workshops, but the ambition is to develop an entire book series in the long term. Instead of putting a price on the books, Däckpartner wants everyone who gets them instead to swish an optional sum to Bris. All proceeds then go in full to Bris activities to strengthen the mental health of children. “Our workshops feel a great commitment to Bris work and to create more road safety. In this venture, we unite both. A child who grows up in a loving and safe environment feels better and these children's books are intended to give both the child and the one who reads a good time together. At the same time, we also want to draw the public's attention to the important work that Bris does for children and young people. Our hope is that our customers want to make a difference together with us, ”says Jon Persson, Marketing Tire Partner. “Every krona collected makes a difference for Bris and we are very happy that Däckpartner has chosen to support us. Their support contributes to our opportunities to remain open in the support business and to develop our work towards mental illness among children, ”says Magnus Jägerskog, Bris secretary general. The book is written by Jon Persson and the illustrations are by Helena Lindholm. Do you want to support Bris important work in providing support to children every day, year round and contributing to a better society for young people? Swisha a contribution to 9015041 and enter Children's Book. The entire sum goes to Bris in full. Read more View more news Contact us NOTE! The form is not used to book time or send a price request. Name: E-mail: Telephone number: Message: Choose the number 7: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Send Thank you for your message, we will return as soon as possible! You must enter a valid email address! You must enter a valid phone number! You must choose the number 7! Contact & opening hours Mällsavägen 25 715 72, Stora Mellösa Show directions Phone 019-45 03 45 E-mail bobosdack@hotmail.com Website http://www.bobos.dackpartner.se Opening hours Monday 07:00 - 16:00 Tuesday 07: 00 - 16:00 Wednesday 07:00 - 16:00 Thursday 07:00 - 16:00 Friday 07:00 - 16:00 Saturday Closed Sunday Closed More information Welcome to your local authorized tire workshop in Östernärke! Call 019-45 03 45 Mail: bobosdack@hotmail.com Our services TPMS Tractor tire Car service Shock absorber Oil change Wheel settings Exhaust system Brakes Car accessories Battery Emergency tire service Replace your MC tires! Truck tires Personal car tires Deck hotel Book time We are part of Däckpartner - one of the Nordic region's largest players in tires and rims. Go to Däckpartner.se Follow Däckpartner on Facebook Visit the Facebook page Log in as administrator