About us - BoBo's Tires BoBo's Tires Book time HomeTires & rimsAbout usFinanceDeck hotelPayment toggle menu Choose booking method We offer our customers two ways to book. Choose the option that suits you best! Standard booking Choose Send a booking & price request via däckpartner.se. Time reservation Select Book time for tire change. Cancel Home Tires & rims About us Financing Tires Hotel Other Part payment We can tire! Our environmental responsibility We at BoBos Tires work actively for a good environment and a sustainable future. We do this by constantly trying to improve ourselves and looking for new solutions to reduce our impact on the environment. We strive to act in the best possible way from an environmental point of view in every part of our business. We do this, for example, by sorting our waste, recycling used tires in collaboration with SVDAB, and managing the company's energy and water to contribute to a sustainable future. By disseminating information to customers about the benefits of low-energy tires, we hope to disseminate information so that more people choose to protect the environment. Choosing a low-energy tire that reduces fuel consumption and carbon dioxide emissions in nature is a choice that customers can make to help save on nature's assets. BoBos Tires also tries to disseminate knowledge about the importance of driving with the right air pressure and the right tuned car, thus reducing the unnecessary tire wear that drastically reduces the life of the tire and ultimately increases the impact on the environment. We at BoBo tires also want to have a healthy and prosperous nature in the future, and we hope through information to our customers and choice of dealers to help more people want to help with this. Contact & opening hours Mällsavägen 25 715 72, Stora Mellösa Show directions Phone 019-45 03 45 E-mail bobosdack@hotmail.com Website http://www.bobos.dackpartner.se Opening hours Monday 07:00 - 16:00 Tuesday 07: 00 - 16:00 Wednesday 07:00 - 16:00 Thursday 07:00 - 16:00 Friday 07:00 - 16:00 Saturday Closed Sunday Closed More information Welcome to your local authorized tire workshop in Östernärke! Call 019-45 03 45 Mail: bobosdack@hotmail.com Our services TPMS Tractor tire Car service Shock absorber Oil change Wheel settings Exhaust system Brakes Car accessories Battery Emergency tire service Replace your MC tires! Truck tires Personal car tires Deck hotel Book time We are part of Däckpartner - one of the Nordic region's largest players in tires and rims. Go to Däckpartner.se Follow Däckpartner on Facebook Visit the Facebook page Log in as administrator