Autoglas partner system with approx. 600 partner companies KS AUTOGLAS Home Glass broken? Workshop searchCosts of insurance Online damage notificationFax damage notification About us HistoryOur suppliers Become a partner The system5 decisive advantages5 important questionsISO and TÜV? Central billingWorkshopsPartner inquiryFor agencies Imprint Data protection Partner login Username Password Forgot password? Home window broken? Workshop searchCosts of insurance Online damage notificationFax damage notification About us HistoryOur suppliers Become a partner The system5 decisive advantages5 important questionsISO and TÜV? Central billingWorkshopsPartner requestFor agencies Broken glass? If you are interested in whether your window can be repaired or replaced, please click here. More information ... What does it cost? Here you get a quick overview of the possible costs in the event of a pane damage. More information ... Where can you find us? Click here to find the nearest KS partner station .. To the workshop search ... KS AUTOGLAS agency portal - for your damage report for insurance agencies Contract partner workshop for many insurance companies Information on insurance processing Our videos Informative videos about KS AUTOGLAS ... Auto glass guide What does one cost new car window? In car glass repair, the general cost of changing the windshield varies considerably depending on the manufacturer and model of the car. The reason here is the function of the windshield depending on the manufacturer and vehicle model. Electronics are also built into the windshield in more modern vehicles. This ranges from rain sensors and heated windshields to integrated antennas or cameras We at KS AUTOGLAS change your windshield reliably and to the highest quality standard. Just ask us, we will be happy to advise you in detail - we will also comment on the different types of discs and the cost of replacement. You can use the following prices as a first reference point for a price request: 60, - to 90, - euros for a car glass repair in the car range 300, - to 500, - euros for small vehicles 400, - to 700, - for medium-sized cars and 600 , - to 1,200, - for top-of-the-range vehicles Here, depending on the damage and cause, your insurance will cover most of the costs. Why does a windshield have to be replaced in the event of minor damage? Small stones, weather conditions and general wear and tear affect your car every day. It is therefore no wonder that the first small crack at some point forms in the windscreen. Here, of course, the guiding principle applies: the faster the damage is repaired, the better. Even a small damage can increase rapidly. While there is still the possibility of a car glass repair in the event of minor damage, the entire windshield must be replaced in the event of a major crack. A larger crack can quickly break the windscreen. Often, only a small trigger such as a bump or pothole is sufficient. Do not put yourself in danger and in any case have damage arising examined and repaired at an early stage. Auto glass repair for driving assistance systems New innovations and modern technology do not stop at new challenges in workshops, in the automotive sector. For example, car glass and the windshield are becoming increasingly carriers of functional elements in the car, often through so-called driving-active assistance systems. In the upper area of ​​the windshield there is a camera and sensor unit built into the car glass, which supports the driver in traffic. Basically, however, this is still normal car glass, which can be damaged, for example, by falling rocks. Especially if the window has safety-relevant functions in the car, the following applies: go straight to the car repair shop to have your car glass repaired for stone chips! Repairing a windshield equipped with electronics Have a damage; such as after a stone chip in your car glass, then you at KS AUTOGLAS are at the right place. As a car glass specialist, we have the necessary know-how and expertise in the field of car glass repair and car glass windshield replacement of functional car glass panes to reliably repair or change your glass. We assemble the new pane, check the technical process, recalibrate the camera, take care of the high-tech sensors and calibrate the internal safety and assistance systems. Have your car glass with functions carried out exclusively at specialized workshops in order to avoid dangers in road traffic. We would be happy to provide you with detailed information about our services and possibilities - contact us! Partial and full coverage: What damage does my insurance cover for car glass damage? We all know the advertisements on TV and radio, which give us hope for a quick and easy exchange or repair of the windshield in the event of a rock fall. But what is the final answer to the questions: "Does my insurance pay a stone chip?", "How can you repair a stone chip?" And "What is the difference between a stone chip repair and an exchange at the car glass?". In a nutshell: The situation with a rockfall is not as simple as it looks in advertising. The stone chips can only be repaired if the damage is less than 2 cm, is not in the driver's field of vision and is at least 10 cm from the edge. The important thing is: Have your stone chip repaired! What does my insurance cover in the event of a rock fall? If you want to have your stone chip repaired by a car glass, it is first determined whether the damage can be repaired or the pane has to be replaced. Of course, this automatically affects the cost point. Liability insurance does not pay in the event of a rock fall - you will be left at your own expense. If you, as a partially or fully insured, have a stone chip repaired for a car glass, the insurance usually pays the amount for listed workshops. What do I do if the front window cracks? It often happens faster than you think: a stone chip creates a crack in the front window and the general question arises whether the stone chip needs to be repaired or at least temporarily bridged the visit to the car glass. In any case, the first step after noticing a crack in your windshield should be as follows: Mask the crack with a strong, transparent tape to prevent moisture penetration. Then go to a car glass as soon as possible to have the stone chip repaired or, alternatively, to replace the windscreen. Driving with a crack in the front window reduces the stability of the entire window. What can happen if there is a crack in the windscreen: Your view in traffic is restricted by the crack. You endanger yourself and others. The crack may spread due to road damage or weather conditions or the windscreen may crack completely after falling rocks. The larger the crack, the higher the likelihood that the disc will need to be replaced completely. The cracked windscreen can affect the stability of the entire body. Save yourself money, time and nerves: Find out now about stone chip repair at KS AUTOGLAS - your specialist for auto glass repair. How are car glass windows produced? At the beginning of automobile manufacturing, automobile glass was not installed in the current sense. This aspect changed later in the 1920s, when the Rumpler Tropfenwagen, the first German automobile to come onto the market, was equipped with auto glass. The manufacture of automotive glass is extremely simple and has become simpler over the years. At the end of the 1950s, the Englishman Pilkington had the idea of ​​producing glass under economic conditions. The glass should initially be drawn as a liquid glass ribbon over an ideal flat surface and floats as an endless ribbon on a gas film, which is located between the glass surface and the tin bath. The glass is then brought into the desired shape by the belt and fed into a cooling channel for the solidification phase. The car glass itself is bent and modified by various processes until it is installed in an automobile depending on the individual requirements of the manufacturer. Repair stone chips: Are only original parts used? It happened very quickly: Whether due to external influences, a small accident or an unfortunate accident - a falling stone in car glass occurs more often and more often than you might think at first. Then in most cases it says; off to the car glass and have the stone chips repaired. The specialist will then determine whether the windshield can be repaired or whether the entire windshield has to be replaced. At the latest when it comes to an exchange, you should ask the question about the new window: "Where does the new window come from?" "Is the new front window an original part from my car manufacturer?" KS AUTOGLAS: Original parts for car glass repair Many companies that can repair a stone chip do not use the original parts from the manufacturer to save costs. Before placing an order, ask urgently about the quality and origin of the new windscreen. Trust KS AUTOGLAS, by the way, we only use original parts! Why is there so much damage from falling rocks in Germany? It is increasingly necessary to have a stone chip repaired. One reason for this is the size of the windshield. m Compared to the original VW Beetle, a significantly higher surface area with less stability in the middle, because the glass is further away from the edge. In addition, the state's saving rank is also a reason for the high number of stone chips in Germany: Because road damage is often repaired with the inexpensive roll split, some pebbles are always stubborn on the road and can later cause stone chips. Another reason is a differentiated design of the windscreen, which makes the car glass more susceptible to falling rocks. The new load-bearing structure of the windscreen puts more strain on it and is therefore more prone to falling rocks. Larger areas, more vulnerable angles and more stones on the streets It is increasingly necessary to have a stone chip repaired. One reason for this is the size of the windshield. m Compared to the original VW Beetle, a significantly higher surface area with less stability in the middle, because the glass is further away from the edge. In addition, the state's saving rank is also a reason for the high number of stone chips in Germany: Because road damage is often repaired with the inexpensive roll split, some pebbles are always stubborn on the road and can later cause stone chips. Another reason is a differentiated design of the windscreen, which makes the car glass more susceptible to falling rocks. The new load-bearing structure of the windscreen puts more strain on it and is therefore more prone to falling rocks. KS AUTOGLAS as a partner of insurance companies for stone chips If you have partial or fully comprehensive insurance for stone chips, the damage is covered for stone chip repairs. You only pay the amount of the deductible agreed with the insurance company at the Autoglas repair or replacement of the affected pane. It is important to mention that a stone chip is considered damage, which is why your insurance is not upgraded and usually at KS AUTOGLAS when a repair is carried out. nothing to pay. Professional auto glass repair by KS AUTOGLAS: The contracting partner of the insurance companies Before commissioning a repair, it is very important that the relevant workshop is also qualified by the insurance company to repair the damage and that you do not remain at the expense of an unauthorized repair. With an auto glass repair from KS AUTOGLAS you are definitely on the safe side. We are a certified contract partner for almost all car insurance companies in Germany and many throughout Europe. We help you to complete the processing of your auto glass repair easily, safely, quickly and conveniently and to get the damage report to the insurance company completely smoothly. Please note that your insurance contract may have been converted to a workshop binding tariff. This means that you are obliged to have the damage repaired in certain partner workshops. Individual requirements for automotive glass adhesives The windscreen of a car is an immensely important component in the vehicle's safety system. In the event of an accident, the windscreen should remain exactly where it was fixed. Thus, occupants of the vehicle should also be kept inside the vehicle. In addition, the windscreen has the task of providing backing for the airbag and serves as its backing. For this reason, when replacing the windshield, for example in the event of a stone chip repair, you should pay attention to how the car glass is installed and whether an approved windshield adhesive is used. The requirements for automotive glass adhesives in a car are quite diverse. In addition to the possibility of clean and simple processing, a good adhesive increases contact with the window and helps prevent body deformation. The glass stamp / disc stamp and its meaning car glass is one of the most safety-relevant components in the car. The glued windscreen provides up to 30% more body stability, especially in more modern vehicles. For this reason, it makes sense to take a closer look at the car glass ... side windows, windshields, rear windows - they are all subject to special standards and quality requirements, which are specifically regulated in Germany and the European Union. As a rule, it is not the car manufacturers themselves who manufacture the car glass panes, but rather receive them from suppliers from all over the world. Even if the standards for automotive glass are defined in detail, there are still manufacturers who provide higher quality from the outset. However, the question of the quality of automotive glass only becomes important when the pane has to be replaced, for example after a rock fall. Here the disc stamp gives insight into the manufacture and quality of the disc. What information can the disc stamp give me? The elements of the ECE seal represent the most reliable sign of the quality of the glass. In addition to the quality, individual letters, numbers and word sequences also provide information about the origin and the optical properties of the glass. If you do not want to find out more, which is not necessary in most cases, just look for the E-seal. If this is attached to the disc, you can choose for it with confidence. The problem of damage to the windscreen: The fall from the rockfall Unfortunately, it is very often the case that the windscreen has to be repaired, usually by falling rocks. In this case, owners of vehicles with built-in assistance systems must carefully choose the workshop and the auto glazing: it's about your own safety. What is a head-up display? In order to ensure that the driver of a vehicle can concentrate his eyes on the road in front of him, a so-called head-up display shows various information about driving in the field of view of the windshield. This includes, for example, the speed, temperature or the radio station. A head-up display gives the impression that the picture shown is in front of the driver on the road. The principle is made possible by a holographic mirror in the windshield. The future of automotive glass: what can we expect? The car glass installed in every motor vehicle has developed significantly in the direction of the future in recent years. And this development is far from over. The new innovations started with a new function of the windshield as a supporting pillar of the stability of the body. Here new ways and means have been worked out to achieve new stability through intelligent gluing processes. Today, the development is very different: the automatic driver assistance finds its way into the car glass and the windscreen. More and more car manufacturers are relying on assistance systems to support the driver. Tesla has recently launched the first part of the autonomous car, which not only steers through mechanisms in the windscreen and detects obstacles, but is also intended to prevent the driver from falling asleep. At this stage of new technology, the requirements for automotive glass are also increasing. We will call you back for free.! We will call you back for free! Please state the number and time period for the call back: Number * Time * 8 am-11am 11 am-3pm 3 pm-6pm any time Send code Contact / Imprint / Data protection Contact KS Partnersystem GmbH Werkstrasse 14 D-77815 Buehl-Vimbuch Tel: +49 (0) 7223/95 15 80 - 0 Fax: +49 (0) 7223/95 15 80 - 90 Free hotline: 0800 4 488 488 Legal information Data protection © 2020 KS-Partnersystem GmbH | Realization: promuro