Customers about us Text version EGU servicesEGU catalogOnline shopGlossaryContactPress about usCustomers about usGallery Search for: General: Home Job advertisement Motorbike mechanic Custmer comments Who is behind EGU? Developmental history EGU price list, eff. 06/25/2014 EGU Super Sound EGU Classic EGU engines at Retro Classics 2008 Deutsche Version History Development Who is behind EGU? Imprint Terms and Conditions Our diverse references in the automotive and motorcycle sector confirm successful technical solutions and sustainable customer satisfaction. EGU has been an engine repair company for over 25 years - the number 1 in engine repair and tuning. Here are just a few excerpts from the feedback from our customers: "I appreciate Mr. Egetemeir's willingness and his competence, as well as his professionalism. He knows the whole engine field very well ..." Hannelore O. from Stuttgart Thursday I picked up my DRZ 400 SM from you and I am very enthusiastic about the (exhaust) system. Thank you again to the whole team! Great work! ... "Christoph G. from Filderstadt." ... after some Telephone calls with Mr. Egetemeir, who advised me to opt for the double exhaust system (Suzuki DR 650 up to 1995), which I did, which got on the last Friday and immediately screwed on, I have to say after the first start and driving , just great. More steam from below, great looks and a great sound. Michael K. "There is only one comment on the sound: brilliant! A single cylinder could hardly sound nicer ... The system is really a good investment ... "Karsten C. from Kerpen on EGU double exhaust system for Honda FMX 650." ... got your (double) exhaust system in my FMX 650 at the weekend built-in. The sound and optics are indescribable ..... the thing is worth every euro! "Florian M. from Üchtelhausen / Zell." ... everyone who knows the EGU company knows that this exhaust (double exhaust system FMX 650) from Sound and in terms of performance and optics is the best there is for this motorcycle, of course with ABE. "J. From Wüstenrot" The (double) exhaust system .... a work of art .... Great in terms of engine characteristics ! Great fast suit, much sportier to drive than the original due to the more pointed performance curve. Great ... the thing was worth it ... Praise to your mechanic! "Frank B. from Meddewade about tuning his Honda FMX 650" I find your system (dual exhaust system for XT 660X) currently the optically best solution for XT, even if it is a 2 - 2 and I would prefer a 2 - 1. Also, I have only heard and read praiseworthy about the workmanship and the quality of the materials used. "Bernd R." ... furthermore, they (EGU engines and two-wheel technology) also have a motor protection (Yamaha XT 660 X / R) in the program , looks better than anything I've seen so far. "Udo M. from Schwaigern." Engine protection arrived on Friday and I immediately installed it on Saturday. Everything fits great and looks good. "Ralf M." ... the system (exhaust system for MZ 125) is just awesome! The MZ now pulls through nicely in the lower speed range and that's one of the best things about the exhaust. The sound is very good. "Christian E." I have already bought the EGU complete (exhaust) system for the MZ SM 125 from them. And I am very satisfied, nice robust sound with a lot of bass and a noticeable increase in performance, especially with the torque curve! "Marcel S. from Berlin." Hello, I recently ordered a stainless steel manifold (Honda SLR 650), great fit. "Marco G. from Berlin." ... since many of my friends drive your EGU manifold and they are very satisfied with these accessories. "Sebastian L. from Markdorf." ... I had a crash bar for the SR from Let you and the engine overhaul completely. I was always happy. LOBLOBLOB. "Holger K. from Rüsselsheim." I have a Honda Dominator RD02 and have installed a manifold and stainless steel silencer from you, I am totally satisfied with performance and sound ... "Florian D." ... got the manifold yesterday (Honda NX 650 RD08) received and would like to thank you for fast delivery. Could easily support the manifold and the (EGU) silencer fits perfectly, looks good and has a great sound. Thank you again for the good communication. "Ralf B. from Gescher" Exhaust (stainless steel rear silencer XT500) has arrived and installed . The sound is really great and the optics 1A, without a lot of frills, just noble. I can only recommend it to every XT driver. Uli G. from Hagen Mercedes 300 SL A complete engine restoration was carried out on this vehicle. Ford A-Model 1929 Your classic car is in good hands with us - we are happy to help you in all technical areas. Mercedes 280 SEL A complete engine overhaul was also carried out on this vehicle. It is now fresh off the assembly line. An engine restoration in the classic car area costs, depending on the condition of the "old engine", from € 2,000. Mercedes 280 SL Pagoda For the next classic car, Mercedes 280 SL built in 1969, the cylinder head was completely overhauled, the injection system and the ignition system checked and precisely adjusted. The vehicle was then prepared for the main and exhaust gas inspection and carried out successfully. Mercedes-Benz SLK 200 16V The sports models from all manufacturers are also in good hands with EGU engines. With this SLK 200 16V, the engine runs perfectly after a complete engine overhaul. SUV off-road vehicle Whether headache, cardiac arrhythmia or other motor symptoms - we get your four-wheel drive back on the right track. HONDA NX 650 DOMINATOR The performance diagram shows the enormous increase in torque and maximum power in the EGU Dominator series. The 650 cc engine was drilled to 700 ccm and operated with a series pot. Thus, the once standard performance increased from 36 hp to 51.5 hp at 6465 rpm (shown here in red). Now, however, the NX has been given an EGU performance manifold, as well as a double-flow sports silencer from EGU, which elicited a further 7.5 hp and a torque increase of more than 15%. This means that the NX has a whopping 73 Nm available at a pleasant 4800 rpm! Maximum power: 59.0 hp at 6313 rpm Maximum torque: 73.1 Nm at 4780 rpm Yamaha XT 660 X In this performance diagram you can see the different outputs of one XT 660 X with Yamaha engine before and after an engine optimization by EGU. The green curve clearly shows the increase in performance by a good 10 HP to around 53 HP to the series, shown here in blue with about 42 HP. This was achieved by installing an EGU sports camshaft, machining the air channels and converting the cylinder to a forged 102mm Mahle piston. After the optimization, the technical data were: Maximum output: 52.6 hp at 6693 rpm Maximum torque: 59.5 Nm at 5524 rpm ** These data were determined on our own test bench of the Amerschläger brand, type P4. Honda FMX 650, tuning kit The following tuning measures were carried out on this Honda FMX 650: cylinder head completely revised including larger intake and exhaust valves, sport camshaft stage I and channel processing, Mikuni flat slide carburetor 40 mm, K&N sport air filter, EGU double exhaust system in stainless steel Including two rear silencers, performance manifold, intermediate manifold and fastening material, carburettor tuning on a dynamometer, retrofitting with an oil cooler. The 26% performance increase was achieved through the tuning measures listed above. Benelli ADIVA With this Benelli ADIVA with 150 ccm displacement the cylinder head was completely machined, incl. Channel editing. The camshaft was replaced by a sports camshaft stage I. More power up to 3 HP. MZ 500 Saxon Voyager, tuning kit The following tuning measures were carried out on this MZ 500 Saxon Voyager: cylinders drilled to a diameter of 100 mm and thus the displacement increased to 630 ccm. Serial pistons replaced by forged 100mm pistons from Mahle. Cylinder head completely revised including larger inlet valve, sports camshaft stage I and channel processing. EGU sports exhaust system in stainless steel including rear silencer, intermediate manifold and fastening material, carburetor adjustment on roller dynamometer, retrofit with oil cooler. Through the tuning measures listed above the 18.5% increase in performance was achieved. ENGLISH VERSION Address EGU-Motoren- & Zweiradtechnik GmbHEisentalstr. 371332 Waiblingen Call for free? Fon 07151/56 18 18Fax 07151/55 21 3 Thinking: Balzac, Honoré de (1799 - 1850): Love is the harmony of need and feeling, happiness in marriage is based on a complete mental agreement between the spouses.