Who is behind EGU? Text version EGU servicesEGU catalogOnline shopGlossaryContactPress about usCustomers about usPicture gallery Search for: Shopping: Show notepad Show shopping cart Proceed to checkout Your account General: Home Job advertisement Motorbike mechanic Custmer comments Who is behind EGU? Developmental history EGU price list, eff. 06/25/2014 EGU Super Sound EGU Classic EGU engines at Retro Classics 2008 Deutsche Version History Development Who is behind EGU? Imprint T&C In your shopping cart: 0 items, 0.00 EUR Uli Egetemeir - he has dedicated his life to the restoration and reconditioning of motors.Besides much experience, he has over the past 20 years amassed the biggest parts depot for Japanese one-cylinder engines, It may well sound prejudicial to say that the Swabians are known to be punctilious or fussy, but to Ulrich Egetemeir, founder and owner of EGU Motoren-and Two-wheel Technics, this may well apply. Born in 1957, he was from an early age inspired and fascinated by the locomotion on two wheels. At the age of 13 he bought himself for DM 20.00 a NSU Quickly, his first moped and soon he was to learn that loosening and tightening screws on his machine was just as much fun as riding it. “After the NSU there followed a Sachs, a Cavalino, a Kreidler, and from a 250-Maico I subsequently climbed, as a 19-year old to a 490-Maico, with which I not only partook in Cross-Sport, but also gathered immense experience in the workshop ”, says Egetemeir. Prince he spent most of his time turning screws, tuning and puttering, it was only natural that out of this hobby he make a career. At the Mercedes plant in Stuttgart he absolved his training as a vehicle mechanic in 1976.From 1979 thru 1981 he plowed the soil of numerous Motocross race tracks with a WASP. The engine of the WASP originated from a Yamaha SR500. An almost fateful meeting, one could say, for since then Egetemeir never lost his fascination for this one-cylinder and was theStarting point of his success. "To elicit more performance and at the same time develope moreperseverence for this engine, was my goal", he says. Thus came into being in a shed in Fellbach-Oettingen in 1979, the Firm of EGU. One year after the advanced training which culminated in the award of the title of Master Craftsman Mechanic in 1983, the move was made to Waiblingen. Since the 1980`s EGU hasbeen marketing repair parts from Kolbenschmidt and Mahle. And together with Mahle, since1985, the development of the SR 600 has been carried on. The increase of cylinder capacity for SR-and XT-engines soon developed into a sales hit. 1986 was the year in which the development of the SRX 723 brought to date the biggest andmost powerful one-cylinder for street use. ”We were overwhelmed with inquiries from all overEurope”, recalls Egetemeir.Not only arose the necessity to hire more personnel, but the expansion of the firm`s buildings and grounds became necessary . The firm has since been divided into two sections - the EGUMotoren-und Zweiradtechnik GmbH and the Ulrich Egetemeir Automobile and Motoreninstandlassung (engine repair), specializing in the repair and overhaul of dead-beat POV and truck engines. In the spring of 1990 Ulrich Egetemeir and members of the Crailsheimer Motorsport-Club established their own “SOS” team, to be able to participate in the “Sound of Singles”, a class of its own, in which only four-stroke street machines with a maximum capacity of 1000cc areallowed to partake. "With Hans-Peter Mayer as driver we were able, with an EGU-Yamaha which had a 660-engine, to attain mostly front-line placings. At the end of our" SOS "engagements we were ableto excerpt more than 80hp from the engine ”, says Egetemeir with pride. In 1990 EGU bought, with the goal to build an ecologically friendly, exhaust clean, quiet and handly street motorcycle - a frame in Italy. The basis for this machine was a 350-fourstroke, one cylinder from Rotax. After the Austrian powerplant was installed into the frame, it was necessary to develop a noiseless air filter casing, The biggest challenge however was the exhaust system with a regulated catalytic converter. What might be complicated with fuel injected engines, becomes an adventure with carburetored engines. The control of the exhaustgases is accomplished by the use of electronic and vacuum systems. With this system excellentexhaust waste gas values ​​were attained, as attested by the TÜV Südwest (Technical InspectionCenter Southwest). "For this we received the 1994 State of Baden-Württemberg Ecology Innovation Prize", recalls Egetemeir. "And in 1995 we made available a Wankel-Raps-Motorcycle-Study, which also received the Ecology-Innovation Prize". A year later it was necessary to expand our shop facilities by two stories to make space forthe warehouse which by now embraced thousands of repair parts. Besides complete exchangeengines and many self-productions, egimproved oil pressure lines for the SR and XT or thenikasiel-film coated EGU cylinders, one can find an almost inexhaustible find of nearly all parts built into Japanese one-cylinders. ”I am the sort of man who finds it difficult to throw anything away, ”says Egetemeir almost apologetic. Through the continuos development of ever more performance-oriented motorcycles it was said that the end of one-cylinder machines for street use was in sight. However, Ulrich Egetemeir is convinced that the one-cylinder will not die out. “Today many again desire a light and handy motorcycle with controlling technique. People want to experience what motorcycle riding is all about, and that is something which a classical one-cylinder can do best ”, he assures. As the engines have in the past years gotten to be more and more reliable and at the same timedriven less , it has become necessary for EGU to expand from engine overhaul and tuning to the fabrication of high quality stainless steel exhaust systems. On the grounds of the EGU firm all self-constructions, repairs, tuning-measures and rebuilt engines are tested with heart and soul on their own test stand / bench. From expertise derived from years of experience, Swabian thoroughness and lots of enthusiasm for fusspots and technic - EGU tackles all assignments. "From reconditioning of defective cylinder heads to adaptation for dual ignition, the installation of catalytic converters or extensive tuning procedures, all is professionally carried out by us", says Egetemeir and adds "but resolute". And that is the motto of EGU. Ulrich Egetemeier is not only known for the reliability and durability of his developments, but it is these things which are personally most important to him. Source: Motorcyclist (Motorcyclist) 3/2004 (C) 2006 - All rights reserved DEUTSCHE VERSION Address EGU-Motoren- & Zweiradtechnik GmbHEisentalstr. 371332 Waiblingen Call for free? Fon 07151/56 18 18Fax 07151/55 21 3 Thinking: Balzac, Honoré de (1799 - 1850): Love is the harmony of need and feeling, happiness in marriage is based on a complete mental agreement between the spouses.