Custmer comments Text version EGU servicesEGU catalogOnline shopGlossaryContactPress about usCustomers about usPicture gallery Search for: Shopping: Show notepad Show shopping cart Proceed to checkout Your account General: Home Job advertisement Motorbike mechanic Custmer comments Who is behind EGU? Developmental history EGU price list, eff. 06/25/2014 EGU Super Sound EGU Classic EGU engines at Retro Classics 2008 Deutsche Version History Development Who is behind EGU? Imprint Terms and Conditions In your shopping cart: 0 Item, 0.00 EUR Our manifold references in the automobile and motorcycle branches attest to the successful technical solutions and sustained customer satisfaction. EGU has for over 25 years been the number 1 in motor reconditioning and tuning. Here just a few excerpts from our satisfied customers: “I highly regard Mr. Egetemeir for his willingness and competence, as also his professionalism. He is simply tops when it comes to motor maintenance…. ” Hannelore O., Stuttgart “I picked up my DRZ 400 SM on Thursday from your shop and am simply thrilled (over theexhaust system). Many thanks at this time to the entire team! Fantastic work! ... ”Chritoph G., Filderstadt. “After a number of telephone conversations with Mr. Egetemeir, who recommended that I should decide to have a twin exhaust system installed for my Suzuki DR 650 (up to model Year 1995), I agreed to have this done. The unit arrived on Friday and was immediately installed; I must say that the first engine start was simply classy. More steam from under the bike, good looks, and a super sound! ”… Michael K.“ There`s only one comment to be made about the sound: ingenious! A one-cylinder can hardly sound better… The installation is really worth the investment…. ”Karsten C., Kerpen (Commentary about EGU twin exhaust system for Honda FMX 650.)“ This weekend I installed your Twin Exhaust system unto my FMX 650 The sound and the optic are indescribable…. this thing is worth every single euro, ”Florian M ,. Üchtelhausen / Zell. “Everyone who is familiar with the EGU Firm knows that this exhaust (Twin Exhaust FMX 650) system, renowned for sound and efficiency, the best there is for this motor cycle, naturally with ABE (universal license).” J ., from Wüstenrot DEUTSCHE VERSION Address EGU-Motoren- & Zweiradtechnik GmbHEisentalstr. 371332 Waiblingen Call for free? Fon 07151/56 18 18Fax 07151/55 21 3 Thinking: Balzac, Honoré de (1799 - 1850): Love is the harmony of need and feeling, happiness in marriage is based on a complete mental agreement between the spouses.