Who is behind EGU? Text version EGU servicesEGU catalogOnline shopGlossaryContactPress about usCustomers about usPicture gallery Search for: Shopping: Show notepad Show shopping cart Proceed to checkout Your account General: Home Job advertisement Motorbike mechanic Custmer comments Who is behind EGU? Developmental history EGU price list, eff. 06/25/2014 EGU Super Sound EGU Classic EGU engines at Retro Classics 2008 Deutsche Version History Development Who is behind EGU? Imprint Terms and Conditions In your shopping cart: 0 items, 0.00 EUR Uli Egetemeir - he has dedicated his life to optimizing and repairing engines. And in addition to a lot of experience, he has put together what is probably the largest parts warehouse for Japanese single cylinders in over 20 years. It may be a prejudice that the Swabians are generally seen as inventors, but Ulrich Egetemeir, founder and boss of EGU Motoren- und Zweiradtechnik, meets it sure too. Born in 1957, he was enthusiastic about getting around on two wheels at an early age, and when he was 13 he bought an NSU Quickly, his first moped, for 20 marks. And it quickly became clear to him that screwing on the machine was at least as much fun as driving. “The NSU was followed by a Sachs, a Cavalino, a Kreidler, and when I was 19 I finally switched from a 250 Maico to a 490 Maico, with whom I had a lot of experience not only in cross-sports but also in the workshop collected, ”says Egetemeir. So since he already spent most of his time screwing, tuning and handicrafts anyway, it made sense to turn his hobby into a profession. From 1979 to 1981 he plowed the ground of several motocross tracks with a wasp. The Wasp engine came from a Yamaha SR500. An almost fateful encounter, one would like to say, because since then Egetemeir has never let go of the fascination for this stew and has become the starting point for his success. “The goal was to get more power out of the engine and at the same time make it more steadfast,” he says. The EGU company was founded in 1979 in a shed in Fellbach-Oettingen, followed by a move to Waiblingen in 1983, one year after further training to become a master mechanic. EGU has been selling parts for Kolbenschmidt and Mahle since the 1980s. And the development for the SR 600 was carried out together with Mahle in 1985, and the displacement expansion for SR and XT engines soon became a bestseller. In 1986, the SRX 723 was the most powerful and largest single cylinder for the road. "We were showered with inquiries from all over Europe," recalls Egetemeir. So soon not only additional staff had to be hired, an expansion of the company premises was also essential. Since then, the company has been divided into two departments, EGU Motoren- und Zweiradtechnik GmbH and Ulrich Egetemeir Automobile und Motoreneinparatur, which deals with the overhaul of dilapidated car and truck engines. In spring 1990, members of the Crailsheim Motorsport Club and Ulrich founded Egetemeir has its own “SOS” team to be part of the “Sound of Singles” class, in which only single-cylinder, four-stroke road racing machines with a cubic capacity of up to 1000 cubic meters are allowed to participate on an EGU-Yamaha with a 660 engine mostly the front seats. At the end of our "SOS" commitment, we elicited more than 80 hp from the engine, "says Egetemeir, not without pride. In 1990 EGU bought a chassis in Italy with the aim of building an environmentally friendly, low-emission, quiet and handy street motorcycle. A 350 four-stroke single-cylinder from Rotax served as the basis. After the Austrian engine had been fitted into the frame, the next step was to develop a low-noise air filter box. The biggest challenge, however, was the exhaust system with a regulated catalytic converter. What is complicated with injection engines becomes an adventure with the carburettor engine. The exhaust gases are finally controlled by electronics and vacuum systems. This achieved excellent exhaust gas values, as the TÜV Südwest certified. “In 1994 we received the Baden-Württemberg Environmental Innovation Award for this,” recalls Egetemeir. "And in 1995 we created a Wankel-Raps motorcycle study, which also received the environmental innovation award." A year later, the company building had to be increased by two floors to make room for the warehouse, which now includes thousands of parts. In addition to complete replacement engines and many in-house developments, such as improved oil risers for the SR and XT or the nikasiel-coated EGU cylinders, there is an almost inexhaustible pool of almost all parts that have ever been installed on a Japanese single cylinder. "I am a person who only it's hard to throw something away, ”says Egetemeir, almost apologetically. The development in the motorcycle industry towards increasingly more powerful machines meant that the singing for the single-cylinder was at least raised years ago in road traffic. But Ulrich Egetemeir is convinced that the single cylinder will not die out. “Today, many are longing for a light and handy motorcycle with controllable technology. People want to experience what motorcycle riding really is all about, and that's what you can do best with a classic single cylinder, ”he is sure. Since the engines have become more and more reliable in recent years and at the same time have not been driven as much, EGU has now created another mainstay in addition to engine repairs and tuning with the manufacture of high-quality exhaust systems made of stainless steel. All in-house developments and repairs are carried out on the company's own test bench , Tuning measures and conversions put through their paces. With EGU's expertise from many years of experience, with Swabian thoroughness and a lot of enthusiasm for tinkering and technology, all tasks are tackled. "From refurbishing defective cylinder heads to converting to dual ignition, installing catalysts or extensive tuning measures, we do everything professionally," says Egetemeir and adds, "but steadfast." And that is also EGU's motto. Because Ulrich Egetemeir is not only known for the fact that his developments are reliable and durable, but that is also most important to him personally. Source: MOTORRADFAHRER 3/2004 DEUTSCHE VERSION Address EGU-Motoren- & Zweiradtechnik GmbHEisentalstr. 371332 Waiblingen Call for free? Fon 07151/56 18 18Fax 07151/55 21 3 Thinking: Balzac, Honoré de (1799 - 1850): Love is the harmony of need and feeling, happiness in marriage is based on a complete mental agreement between the spouses.