Imprint Text version EGU servicesEGU catalogOnline shopGlossaryContactPress about usCustomers about usPicture gallery Search for: Shopping: Show notepad Show shopping cart Proceed to checkout Your account General: Home Job advertisement Motorbike mechanic Custmer comments Who is behind EGU? Developmental history EGU price list, eff. 06/25/2014 EGU Super Sound EGU Classic EGU engines at Retro Classics 2008 Deutsche Version History Development Who is behind EGU? Imprint Terms and Conditions In your shopping cart: 0 Item, 0.00 EUR Responsible for the content according to § 6 TDG / MDStV: Publisher: Ulrich EgetemeirEisentalstr. 371332 Waiblingen Telephone: 07151-56 18 18 Fax: 07151-55 213 registered with: Finanzamt Waiblingen: 90499/00129 Our bank details: for motorcycle area EGU Motoren-und Zweiradtechnik GmbH Kreissparkasse WaiblingenIBAN: DE78 6025 0010 0015 1188 22BIC: SOLADES1 EGBNU for vehicles Kreissparkasse WaiblingenIBAN: DE54 6025 0010 0015 1204 18BIC: SOLADES1WBN Copyright notice: All pages of this website are protected by copyright. All rights, including translations, are reserved. In particular, reprinting, inclusion in online services and the Internet and duplication on data carriers such as CD-ROM, DVD-ROM etc. may only be carried out with the prior written consent of Ulrich Egetemeir. All images come from free image archives. If there are any rights to the images, please let us know and we will be happy to take the corresponding images from the website when proving the copyright. Liability: There is no liability for transmission errors, correctness or completeness of all information and entries on this server, as well their display type adopted. The naming of products from other manufacturers or suppliers is for information only and does not constitute misuse of trademarks or recommendations. We cannot accept any liability with regard to the selection, performance or application of these products or services. However, we are responsible for the accuracy of our own information. No liability is accepted for unsolicited manuscripts and photos. Left: The opinions and / or factual claims reproduced on the linked pages are the sole responsibility of the respective author and do not reflect the opinion of the author of these pages. On these pages we have placed links to other pages on the Internet. The following applies to all of these links: We expressly emphasize that we have no influence whatsoever on the design and content of the linked pages. We therefore hereby expressly distance ourselves from all content on all linked pages on our website and do not adopt their content as our own. This declaration applies to all links displayed on this website and to all contents of the pages to which the links listed lead. As a rule, you can access our website without providing any personal information. We limit the collection of personal data to what is absolutely necessary. If we need your name, address or other personal details in individual cases - for example if correspondence has to be processed or an order has to be executed - we will point this out to you. If you provide us with personal information, we will treat this data in accordance with the German Data Protection Act That your data will not be used for further contact or that it will be deleted, we will of course comply with this request. We collect more than personal data, impersonal data about the use of our website. We only evaluate this information for statistical purposes and make sure that it is not associated with personal data. Disclosure to third parties: We do not disclose your personal data including your home address and email address without your express and revocable address Pass on consent to third parties. This does not apply to our service partners who require the transmission of data for order processing (e.g. the shipping company responsible for delivery and the credit institution responsible for payment processing). In these cases, however, the scope of the transmitted data is limited to the minimum required. Provider identification: Eisentalstr. 371332 Waiblingen, owner / Ulrich Egetemeir DEUTSCHE VERSION Address EGU-Motoren- & Zweiradtechnik GmbHEisentalstr. 371332 Waiblingen Call for free? Fon 07151/56 18 18Fax 07151/55 21 3 Thinking: Balzac, Honoré de (1799 - 1850): Love is the harmony of need and feeling, happiness in marriage is based on a complete mental agreement between the spouses.