Terms and Conditions Text version EGU servicesEGU catalogOnline shopGlossaryContactPress about usCustomers about usPicture gallery Search for: Shopping: Show notepad Show shopping cart Proceed to checkout Your account General: Home Job advertisement Motorbike mechanic Custmer comments Who is behind EGU? Developmental history EGU price list, eff. 06/25/2014 EGU Super Sound EGU Classic EGU engines at Retro Classics 2008 Deutsche Version History Development Who is behind EGU? Imprint Terms and Conditions In your shopping cart: 0 Article, 0.00 EUR Recommendation of the Association of Engine Repair Companies as of 06 / 2002.1. Acknowledgment of delivery and payment conditions The following conditions apply to the performance of our deliveries and services for engines, assemblies or individual parts (hereinafter referred to as the "subject of the contract"). Other or conflicting conditions, e.g. Purchasing conditions of the customer do not apply even if we do not expressly contradict them, unless we have agreed to them in writing. 2. Offers - Quotations If the customer is a full merchant, offers are subject to change unless otherwise agreed in writing. Under the same condition that the customer is a fully qualified merchant, the services and deliveries made for the purpose of making a cost estimate, such as travel and dismantling work in particular, will be charged to the customer separately, even if it is not or only in a modified form for execution If the customer wishes, regardless of whether he is a fully qualified trader or not, a binding cost estimate will be drawn up in writing. The respective work and parts or delivery items are listed in detail and provided with the respective price. The contractor is bound to the binding cost estimate made up to the end of 21 days after its submission. In the case of non-binding cost estimates, deviations of + 10% are permitted . In the event of further exceedances, the contractor shall obtain the client's consent immediately before carrying out further work. In this case, however, the client has the right to terminate the contract Invoice offset against the order. Prices in the cost estimate are given net, in the non-commercial traffic plus separately shown value added tax. 3. Orders for repairs / repairs 3.1 The scope of the respective repairs / repairs for the subject of the contract is to be determined by the client. If this is not possible, the contractor will determine the scope of the repair work to be carried out after consulting the client. In an order form or in a confirmation letter, the agreed services or services to be provided are agreed with the contractor. The expected or the binding delivery date is given. If it turns out during processing, but not recognizable when the order is accepted, that the repair is impossible due to the defects in the subject matter of the contract, the contractor is entitled to invoice the client for the work performed up to this point. If it turns out during the processing, but not recognizable when the order is accepted, that the implementation of the repair work is uneconomical, the contractor will immediately inform the client of this in order to bring about a final decision by the client. If the client decides not to have the order carried out because of its inefficiency, the contractor is entitled to compensation for the work performed up to this point, including a reasonable profit. 3.2 The contractor is not liable for errors arising from documents, drawings , Samples etc. as well as from the information provided by the client, insofar as it is not reasonable to recognize them. 4. Purchase / exchange 4.1 The subject of the obligation of the contractor can also be the delivery of a completely overhauled contractual object, if necessary against handover of a corresponding old motor, an assembly or an individual part of the same type. Deviations in the execution are permitted to the extent that this is reasonable for the client. Contractual objects of the customer, which the latter leaves to the contractor for installation or exchange, must not have any defects or other errors that are not due to natural wear and tear. In particular, the contractual item to be delivered must be free of welded or non-welded breaks and cracks. 4.2 The respective separate agreements apply to the compensation to be paid in the event of the exchange of a contractual item. 5. Prices and payments 5.1 All prices are for deliveries and services ex works of the contractor; the respective list prices plus statutory VAT apply. We accept no liability for printing errors and mistakes. 5.2 The respective prices apply exclusively for postage, freight and packaging. If the packaging is provided by the contractor, the cost price will be charged. Complaints or complaints about the issued invoices should, unless the circumstances indicate otherwise, be made within eight days of delivery of the respective invoice. 5.3 The respective value added tax is added at the statutory rate. In the non-commercial area, the price including the separately stated value added tax is given. 5.4 For contractual items that are delivered in exchange, the agreed price depends on the fact that these main parts are repairable; Parts that are no longer serviceable are recalculated. In this case, the customer has the right to have the parts reclaimed.5.5 Payments must be made step by step - net - after receipt of the invoice, unless otherwise agreed in writing. A deduction of discount is not allowed. Checks and bills of exchange are only accepted upon prior agreement - on account of payment - subject to timely and proper credit. Incidental collection and discount charges will be charged on. 5.6 Offsetting is only permitted if the counterclaim has been legally established, recognized or is undisputed. The client is only entitled to a right of retention insofar as the reason for the right of retention is based on the same contractual relationship.5.7 In the case of extensive material expenditure and long-term work, an appropriate advance payment can be requested to ensure the pre-financing of the contractor. 6. Completion / delivery time 6.1 If the binding delivery date has been agreed, the applicable delivery or delivery time applies. this also applies if, as a result of the contractor's delay, the further fulfillment of the delivery / service is of no interest to the client. 6.3 If the client changes or extends the originally agreed scope of work and delays completion or delivery, the contractor is liable for this Not. However, he shall give the client a new completion or delivery date without delay, stating the reasons. 6.4 If the cause of the non-compliance with the date is due to force majeure or operational disruptions, including those of upstream suppliers or subcontractors for which the contractor is not at fault, there is delays caused by this do not result in any liability for damages on the part of the contractor. However, he shall inform the client immediately. 6.5 The completion or delivery time may be extended by the time that the client is behind in delivering the necessary parts to be provided. The contractor is entitled to terminate the contract after fruitless grace period. 7. Acceptance 7.1 The acceptance takes place in the contractor's company, unless otherwise agreed.7.2 The customer is in default with the acceptance if he is notified within two weeks after the completion of the subject of the contract or the final invoice has been handed over, does not pick it up against payment of the due invoice. 8. 8.1 The delivery of the contractual object is always at the expense and risk of the client, from the contractor's premises, unless otherwise agreed in writing. The same applies to services. 8.2 If the client requests delivery, this is done at the expense and risk of the client. 9. Retention of title 9.1 The delivered contractual object remains the property of the contractor until all claims (already) between the client and the contractor have been paid in full. In commercial transactions, it also applies that the retention of title relates to the respective balance, provided there is a current account agreement between the client and the contractor. In this case, the retention of title also extends to the causal balance as soon as the client goes bankrupt. 9.2 The client declares that if he continues to process the delivered object of the contract, he agrees that the processing will always be carried out for the contractor. The contractor acquires ownership of the contractual object to be processed. 9.3 If the customer is a trader, he is entitled to resell the contractual object in the normal course of business. In this case, however, the client hereby assigns the claims to which he is entitled to his customers to the contractor; The customer remains entitled to collect these claims as long as he has not defaulted on the contractor. If this is the case, the contractor is entitled to revoke the resale and confiscation authorization for the object of the contract in writing. In this case, the client is obliged to provide the contractor with all information, documentation and other documents from which it emerges, against which buyers the contractor is entitled to claims due to the extended retention of title, so that the contractor is able to report them directly to the buyers 9.4 In the case of connections or mixing of an object of the contract, the contractor becomes co-property, unless one thing is to be regarded as the main thing. Insofar as the latter is the case, the client already agrees to agree security ownership in favor of the contractor - based on the main thing. The client shall store this for the contractor free of charge. 9.4 and the assignment of security in accordance with 9.3 apply in each case to the amount of the final invoice amount as agreed between the client and the contractor; the final invoice amount is inclusive of statutory value added tax. 9.6 If the subject of the contract is sold on together with other goods, the provision according to para. 9.3. and 9.4. If the security to which the contractor is entitled in accordance with the above provisions exceeds the claims to be secured by more than 20%, the contractor is obliged to release excess security at the request of the client, at the choice of the contractor. 10. Lien - Utilization - Stand fee 10.1 The contractor is entitled to a statutory lien on all objects of the customer that are processed by the contractor with the knowledge and will of the customer. The right of lien extends to all claims of the contractor as they relate to the retention of title according to para. 9.1 If the customer is in arrears with the payment for a longer time than two months, the contractor has the right, after prior written notice and after another waiting period of four weeks, to sell the object of the contract by auction and when market prices are available to be exploited as best as possible by direct sale. The client is entitled to any sales proceeds; the contractor is entitled, in addition to his main claim and the accrued interest, to deduct the costs caused by the realization.10.3If the contractor is unable to store the pledged item for operational reasons, he can replace the costs incurred by other storage To charge costs. The client will also be charged for any custody costs incurred in custody in-house. 11. Liability for material defects during repairs / repairs 11.1 The contractor guarantees that work will work properly and that the materials used are in perfect working order. The customer's claims for material defects become statute-barred within one year of acceptance of the item. If the customer accepts the matter in the knowledge of a material defect, he is only entitled to the material defect claims to the extent described below if he reserves the right to do so during acceptance. 11.2 If the customer is a full merchant, the statutory inspection and notification obligations remain in accordance with §§ 377, 378, 381 (2) HGB. 11.3 In the event of liability for material defects, the contractor is entitled and obliged to remedy the defect at his own expense. He is also entitled to make a replacement. If the contractor is not ready or not in a position, in particular the rectification of the defect / replacement delivery to be carried out is delayed beyond reasonable deadlines or if it fails for other reasons, the client is entitled to withdraw from the contract (withdrawal) or a corresponding reduction in remuneration (reduction 11.4 The customer must assert claims for rectification of defects at the contractor. The contractor recognizes defect remedial work that third parties only perform if he expressly agrees to this in advance and if the contractor is in arrears with the performance of the defect correction or if an extremely urgent requirement, in particular the inoperability of the object on more than 50 km away from the place of business of the client, 11.5 The processing of individual contractual objects only takes place to the agreed extent. The liability for material defects does not extend to the functionality of individual parts going beyond this. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, these are not the subject of the contractor's liability for material defects. In particular, no durability guarantee is assumed without a separate written agreement. 11.6 The contractor's liability for damages arises from the regulation in accordance with para. 13.11.7 Insofar as the contractor undertakes the tuning of contractual objects or the processing of oldtimer contractual objects, his liability for material defects is limited to the proper execution of this work. Success in the work contract is only owed if this has been agreed in writing between the client and the contractor. 11.8 The order is directed towards the delivery of moving goods to be manufactured or produced, and the client is an entrepreneur who carries out the contract in the exercise of his independent professional or commercial activity contracts, or if it is a legal entity under public law or a special fund under public law, claims for material defects become statute-barred one year after delivery. If the customer is a consumer, the legal provisions apply in this case. 11.9 If a defect occurs after assembly / installation not carried out by the contractor, the contractor is only liable within the scope of liability for material defects if the installation or installation of the item previously processed or sold by the contractor is expert and professionally, in particular according to the manufacturer's specifications and regulations. Gasoline combustion engines should be set to at least 3.5 - 4.5% Co. The client must prove the professionalism and professionalism of the assembly and installation. 12. Liability for defects in the case of purchase / exchange of used items Claims for defects of the buyer become time-barred within one year from delivery of the purchase item to the buyer. In the case of fraudulently concealed defects, further claims remain unaffected. The same applies to the processing of defects as under 11.4..13. Other liability 13.1 The contractor is not liable for damage that did not arise directly on the object of the contract. In particular, the contractor is not liable for all consequential damage or loss of profit. 13.2 This does not apply if the client's claims are based on the lack of a guaranteed property. The same applies if the client's claims are based on an intentional or grossly negligent breach of contract by the contractor. 13.3 The contractor's liability for damages is limited to the foreseeable damage insofar as the contractor violates an essential contractual obligation due to simple negligence. Furthermore, liability for simple negligence is excluded, unless damage from injury to life, limb or health is affected. 13.4 Liability according to § 1 Product Liability Act remains unaffected. 14. Place of jurisdiction - place of performance 14.1 Unless otherwise agreed in writing, the place of performance is the registered office of the contractor. 14.2 The exclusive place of jurisdiction for all disputes arising from this contract is the registered office of the contractor, insofar as the client is a registered trader. Otherwise the legal regulations remain.14.3The contract is subject to the law of the Federal Republic of Germany; the validity of the UN sales law is waived. ENGLISH VERSION Address EGU-Motoren- & Zweiradtechnik GmbHEisentalstr. 371332 Waiblingen Call for free? Fon 07151/56 18 18Fax 07151/55 21 3 Thinking: Balzac, Honoré de (1799 - 1850): Love is the harmony of need and feeling, happiness in marriage is based on a complete mental agreement between the spouses.