Maintaining values ​​through repair You are here: Home Go to: EGU services EGU catalog online shop Glossary Contact Press about us Customers about us Photo gallery General: Job advertisement motorcycle mechanic Custmer comments Who is behind EGU? Developmental history EGU price list, eff. 06/25/2014 EGU Super Sound EGU Classic EGU engines at Retro Classics 2008 Deutsche Version History Development Who is behind EGU? Imprint T & Cs Shopping: Show notepad Show shopping cart Proceed to checkout Your account Search for: In your shopping cart: 0 items, 0.00 EUR Values ​​received through maintenance Updated on 09/23/2014 30 years EGU in Waiblingen We would like to celebrate our company anniversary with you! On Saturday , September 27, 2014, we will heat up our grill from 9:30 a.m. and will be happy to take conversations, suggestions and criticism in a relaxed atmosphere. Our motorcyclists also have the opportunity to have a performance measurement carried out on our dynamometer Sonja Pauly, owner of La Fleur in Waiblingen, will delight you with a very special fashion show! We look forward to seeing you again! Job advertisement motorcycle mechanic RETRO CLASSICS 2012 You can find impressions of the fair on our Facebook page: http: //www.facebook.com/egu.motoren EGU SOUNDGALERIE driving report in the magazine "enduro" ("Soundmaschine", edition 11/06) EGU-Yamaha XT660X, read now ... [1.255 KB] Visit our bargain market Click here for the EGU engine shop on eBay Dell Orto carburettor available: Dell Orto double carburetor for Yamaha SRX / XT / TT 600 and TènèrèDell Orto carburetor Yamaha SR / XT 500Dell Orto carburetor for MZ 125 SM NEW EGU PRODUCTS exhaust system Kawasaki KLX 650 ... exhaust system Honda XL 500 S ... exhaust system Yamaha SZR660 ... exhaust system BMW R1150 GS ... exhaust system scooter Piaggio Vespa GTV 250 ... Exhaust system KTM 690 SM ... Exhaust system Honda XL600V Transalp ... Exhaust system Suzuki Freewind XF 650 ... Exhaust system Suzuki DR 800 BIGExhaust system Yamaha XT 660 Z Ténéré ... Exhaust system Yamaha MT 03 ... Exhaust system Derbi Mulhacen 659 ... Exhaust system Kawasaki KLR650 ... off exhaust system for Honda XRV 750 ... stainless steel exhaust for MZ 660 Baghira u. Mastiff ... EGU Motoren- und Zweiradtechnik GmbH has set itself the task of making your automobile and motorcycle not only more beautiful, but also more durable and reliable through constant improvements. EGU ensures real added value for the future by manufacturing in-house.EGU exhaust systems are developed and tested on our own dynamometer. As a rule, they bring up to 10% more power and are among the inexpensive tuning measures. Our engine expertise benefits customers. EGU technology means: high-end technology. Only where it says EGU is EGU inside! Here you can find out something about our traditional company and about my passion for motorcycles. You can buy spare parts in our shop or assess the quality of our work yourself in our picture gallery. We are proud to offer you the entire spectrum of a committed and efficient company that places special emphasis on quality. This applies to all areas of EGU: shipping, production of own parts as well as tuning and repair. We have made a name for ourselves with quality craftsmanship: EGU-Motoren offers engine repairs, engines in exchange for cars and motorbikes, exhaust systems for single-cylinder motorcycles, tuning and tuning parts and much more. Our primary goal is to offer the customer careful work at a fair price. Because there is no substitute for quality and ensures the high utility of your vehicle. We achieve this goal in our spacious workshop rooms, equipped with the most modern machines and qualified staff. Check out the diverse possibilities that EGU offers you. We want to continue doing everything we can in the future to ensure that your enjoyment of the automobile is maintained - or even grows