V-Power 98 - NV Devan | V-Power NV Devan | V-Power Home Gas Station Information Fuels V-Power Diesel Eurosuper 95 E10 V-Power 98 Petroleum type C Thermo Diesel Extra AdBlue Devan loyalty card Pay with fuel cards Tabac Cigarettes Cigars Tabac E-liquids E-cigarettes Pipe Tobacco Car Wash Duinhoek Adinkerke Car Wash Oosthoek De Panne Blog Shop National lottery Car accessories Alcohol & beers Create key Create license plate Lubricants Tickets Plopsaland - Plopsaqua Promo Contact +32 58 42 01 69 Home Gas station Information Fuels V-Power Diesel Eurosuper 95 E10 V-Power 98 Petroleum type C Thermo Diesel Extra AdBlue Devan loyalty card Pay with fuel cards Tabac Cigarettes Cigars Tabac E-liquids E-cigarettes Pipe tobacco Carwash Car Wash Duinhoek Adinkerke Car Wash Oosthoek De Panne Blog Shop National lottery Car accessories Alcohol & beers Add key License plate Lubricants Tickets Plopsaland - Plopsaqua Promo Contact Shell V- Power Petrol 98 Our best product is still better r become. Our newest generation Shell V-Power Petrol with an octane rating of RON 98, provides more efficiency and even better performance. The composition of our renewed Shell V-Power Petrol has been greatly improved and includes the reinforced DYNAFLEX technology. With 3x more friction-reducing molecules and 3x more cleaning molecules than the Shell FuelSave Petrol, this is our best petrol ever. And the octane rating of the renewed Shell V-Power Gasoline is RON 98.1. Product advantages DYNAFLEX technology Our reinforced DYNAFLEX technology not only improves the condition of the engine but also helps to extract more energy from every drop of fuel. 3 Efficiency Laboratory tests have shown that friction-reducing molecules to reduce the energy loss due to friction. Less energy wastage helps improve engine efficiency and engine performance. 4 Performance Shell V-Power Gasoline removes dirt and protects your engine. In combination with a higher octane number, this ensures even better engine performance. In short, with Shell V-Power Petrol RON 98 you get more out of your engine. 2 High octane number RON 98 Shell V-Power has a higher octane number. RON 98 improves ignition quality and helps the fuel to ignite evenly and at the right time.1 Removes dirt The 3x more active cleaning molecules help to prevent the formation of dirt deposits on vital engine parts and can even largely remove existing dirt deposits . Renewed Shell V-Power Petrol removes up to 80% of dirt deposits that affect performance.3 Reduces friction Shell V-Power Petrol contains 3x more friction-reducing molecules, reducing energy loss due to friction and effectively protecting the engine. 5 Duinhoekstraat 1 , 8660 De Panne, Belgium © 2020 nv Devan - Website by Comsa - privacy Duinhoekstraat 1 8660 De Panne, Belgium +32 58 42 01 69 info@nvdevan.be © 2020 nv Devan - Website by Comsa - privacy