Privacy - NV Devan | V-Power NV Devan | V-Power Home Gas Station Information Fuels V-Power Diesel Eurosuper 95 E10 V-Power 98 Petroleum type C Thermo Diesel Extra AdBlue Devan loyalty card Pay with fuel cards Tabac Cigarettes Cigars Tabac E-liquids E-cigarettes Pipe Tobacco Car Wash Duinhoek Adinkerke Car Wash Oosthoek De Panne Blog Shop National lottery Car accessories Alcohol & beers Create key Create license plate Lubricants Tickets Plopsaland - Plopsaqua Promo Contact +32 58 42 01 69 Home Gas station Information Fuels V-Power Diesel Eurosuper 95 E10 V-Power 98 Petroleum type C Thermo Diesel Extra AdBlue Devan loyalty card Pay with fuel cards Tabac Cigarettes Cigars Tabac E-liquids E-cigarettes Pipe tobacco Carwash Car Wash Duinhoek Adinkerke Car Wash Oosthoek De Panne Blog Shop National lottery Car accessories Alcohol & beers Add key License plate Lubricants Tickets Plopsaland - Plopsaqua Promo Contact Terms of use and confidential processing of p ersoons data Privacy statement NV Devan | V-Power (hereinafter “we”) with address Duinhoekstraat 1, 8660 De Panne, Belgium owns the website www.nvdevan.be. This is a public website on which the promotional data of NV Devan | V-Power published. We like to take care of our guests. Taking care of the personal data you share with us is an important part of this. This privacy statement explains how we use your data to provide you with a better and inspiring user experience. Protection of your privacy - responsible processor NV Devan | V-Power is responsible for the processing of personal data on the website www.nvdevan.be (hereinafter: “the Website” or www.nvdevan.be) and undertakes to respect and protect the confidential nature of your personal data. "confidential" processing means that we process your personal data "confidentially" in accordance with the prevailing legal national and international provisions, including the Belgian law of December 8, 1992 for the protection of privacy (BS, March 18, 1993), as amended by law of December 11, 1998 (BS, February 3, 1999) and the General Data Protection Regulation from its entry into force on May 25, 2018. For example, no personal data such as address, e-mail, telephone and fax number, demographic data or identification data will be processed without your would have given permission for this processing and without knowing the purpose of this processing ens You can freely visit the website www.nvdevan.be and consult all available information about NV Devan | V-Power, the products and their prices without you having to provide any personal data. Each time you provide personal data, we will treat it in accordance with the policy described here and the legal obligations regarding the processing of personal data. Confidential processing of the data The personal data that NV Devan | V-Power collects and is stored in a secure environment that is not accessible to the public. The file can only be consulted by a limited number of persons employed by NV Devan | V-Power. The information will be processed for internal purposes only. NV Devan | As a rule, V-Power does not pass on personal data to third parties, except to comply with legal obligations and in case of an explicit request from the judicial authorities or police services. NV Devan | V-Power does NOT sell your data to third parties. Which personal data are processed? Your email address including interests when registering for our newsletter on the Website. Your email address, reason, first name, last name, telephone number, message (possibly also data from category 2 if you choose to create an account and category 3 if you choose the newsletter registration) with a contact request on the Website. The data we keep below is not personal data. We keep track: A session cookie is set for users who are not logged in, which keeps track of whether the visitor is logged in or not. This session cookie also keeps track of which search parameters the visitor has searched for, but only so that he can go back to the previous page via "Back to overview". Favorites for a non-logged-in user are also saved in this. This session cookie only remains valid during the visitor's browser session - until it expires - and is not stored permanently anywhere. A cookie is set to keep track of whether or not the user has clicked the slide-out at the bottom of the page. This is to ensure that it does not continue to appear after clicking away. A cookie is set if the user is not logged in for technical reasons. This cookie does not contain any personal data. Purpose of processing personal data (cf. the category of data mentioned above) Category 1 The management of your account on the Website with a view to the use of our website, with the execution of an agreement requested by you as the legal basis. And if indicated by you, also sending direct marketing, with your explicit prior permission as the legal basis. If health-related data that you have indicated is used for direct marketing, then of course also only with prior permission. Category 2 Sending you direct marketing, newsletters, promotions and promotions, with your explicit prior permission as the legal basis. If health-related data that you have indicated is used for direct marketing, then of course also only with prior permission. Category 3 and 4 The delivery and invoicing of products ordered by you, with as legal basis the execution of an agreement requested by you. Category 9 To guarantee safety and availability with the legitimate interest of NV Devan | V-Power to continuously improve the Website and services. Category 10 For the control of spam with the legitimate interest of NV Devan | V-Power to continuously improve the Website and services. Category 11 To guarantee safety with a view to the prevention, detection and prosecution of criminal offenses with the legitimate interest of NV Devan | V-Power. Category 13 The provision and improvement of this Website and the inclusion of data in anonymous statistics, from which the identities of specific persons or companies cannot be determined, with the legitimate interest of NV Devan | V-Power to continuously improve the Website and services. Google Analytics Through our website, a cookie is placed from the American company Google, as part of the "Analytics" service. We use this service to track and get reports on how visitors use the Website. Google can provide this information to third parties if Google is legally obliged to do so, or if third parties process the information on behalf of Google. We have no influence on this. We have allowed Google to use the obtained analytics information for other Google services. The information that Google collects is anonymized as much as possible. Your IP address is expressly not provided. The information is transferred to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google adheres to the Privacy Shield principles and is affiliated with the Privacy Shield program of the United States Department of Commerce. This means that there is an appropriate level of protection for the processing of any personal data. Retargeting cookies We use so-called retargeting cookies. This allows us to display advertisements on third party websites based on your previous visits to our website. For this we use Facebook Pixel. The information they collect is anonymized as much as possible. The information is transferred to and stored by Facebook on servers in the United States. Facebook adheres to the Privacy Shield principles and are affiliated with the Privacy Shield program of the United States Department of Commerce. This means that there is an appropriate level of protection for the processing of any personal data. About the removal of cookies More information about enabling, disabling and removing cookies can be found in the instructions and / or using the Help function of your browser. Some tracking cookies are placed by third parties. These cookies can be removed centrally via Your Online Choices so that they are not placed back on a third party website. Other Social Media Features Our website (s) and mobile app (s) features include social media features such as Twitter, Google+ and Pinterest, which have their own privacy statements. Make sure you read their terms and conditions and the privacy statement before entering personal data; we accept no responsibility or liability for these functions. Authorization for processing Als NV Devan | V-Power wishes to process your personal data for other purposes or wishes to pass it on to organizations or companies with which the organization collaborates, NV Devan | V-Power will ask you for your explicit permission and you can object to this. Duration of the processing This data is processed by us for the duration that is necessary for the purposes described above. Profiling The processing of your personal data does NOT include profiling. This implies that based on the personal data you provide to us, we will NOT build a profile about you so that we can make you appropriate advertisements and proposals. However, you will not be subject to automated decision-making in any way based on this profile. Your rights Right of access and inspection You have the right to receive the data that NV Devan | V-Power has registered about you, to view and to have any inaccurate or incomplete data corrected. In addition, you can at any time request that your personal data from the file of NV Devan | V-Power be removed. Right to unsubscribe, correct, supplement and delete personal data. You are free to choose whether or not to communicate your personal data to the Website. If you read the information from NV Devan | If you do not want to receive V-Power (anymore), you can unsubscribe at any time (via unsubscribe) or by e-mail info@nvdevan.be or by letter Duinhoekstraat 1, 8660 De Panne, Belgium stating your name, postal address and e-mail. You will still receive service-related messages from us, such as important information about the use of our products or services. You also have the right to request us to correct, supplement or delete your personal data. You acknowledge that in case of refusal of communication or request for removal of personal data, certain services and products are not available. Right to object You also have a right to object to the processing of your personal data for serious and legitimate reasons. In addition, you always have the right to object to the use of personal data for direct marketing purposes; in such a case you do not have to give reasons. Right to free data transfer You have the right to obtain and / or transfer your personal data processed by us in structured, common and machine-readable form to other controllers. Right to withdraw consent To the extent that processing is based on your prior consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent. Exercising your rights You can exercise your rights by contacting us by e-mail to info@nvdevan.be, by post Duinhoekstraat 1, 8660 De Panne, Belgium or by using the CONTACT US / CONTACT / … on the website. Right to file a complaint: If you have a complaint, we ask you to contact NV Devan | directly V-Power via info@nvdevan.be or 058 42 01 69. We will take all possible measures to address your concerns regarding to facilitate the processing of personal data. You have the right to file a complaint with the Belgian Privacy Commission: Commission for the Protection of Privacy, Drukpersstraat 35, 1000 Brussels, Tel +32 (0) 2 274 48 00, Fax +32 (0) 2 274 48 35, email: commission@privacycommission.be. This is without prejudice to a provision for a civil court. If you suffer damage as a result of the processing of your personal data, you can file a claim for compensation. Security We have developed security measures that are adapted technically and organizationally to avoid the destruction, loss, falsification, alteration, unauthorized access or accidental notification of third parties of personal data collected and any other unauthorized processing of this data. Under no circumstances can we be held liable for any direct or indirect damage resulting from incorrect or unlawful use by a third party of the personal data. You must comply with the security regulations at all times, including by preventing any unauthorized access to your login and password. You are therefore solely responsible for the use of www.nvdevan.be from your computer, IP address and your identification data, as well as for their confidentiality. Access to data In order to process your personal data, we grant access to your personal data to our employees. We guarantee a similar level of protection by making contractual obligations enforceable against these employees and employees, which are similar to this Privacy Statement. In order to be able to offer the services and products you require, we can share your personal data with the providers of the ultimate travel services instead of package tours. We also work with carefully selected suppliers who perform certain tasks for us (eg IT). When we share personal information with other organizations, we require them to keep this information safe and forbid them to use it for their own marketing purposes. We only share the personal data that our suppliers and partners need to be able to offer you and / or us their services, with the performance of an agreement requested by you and / or us as the legal basis. Copyright No texts or images may be reproduced from this website in any way without the express permission of NV Devan | V-Power. Changes to this Statement This Statement supersedes all previous versions. We can change this Statement at any time, so please check our website (s) regularly to check for updates. In the case of significant changes, we will post a clear statement on our website (s) and, if applicable, also communicate the changes electronically. Last updated: May 2018 Duinhoekstraat 1, 8660 De Panne, Belgium © 2020 nv Devan - Website by Comsa - privacy Duinhoekstraat 1 8660 De Panne, Belgium +32 58 42 01 69 info@nvdevan.be © 2020 nv Devan - Website by Comsa - privacy